Jack Kienzler: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins results for the Third Quarter of 2021. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Jen Rumsey, and Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the conference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs, and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in this slide. Deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Due during the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website at www. cummins.com, under the heading of Investors and Media. But with that out of the way, we will begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
Jack Kienzler: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. And if you have any additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Jack Kienzler: Thank you, Tom. And thank you, everybody. I believe that concludes our teleconference today. As always, thank you to everybody for your continued interest in Cummins and for joining today. I will be available for questions after the call. Thank you again.
Mark Smith: Happy to do that and good morning, Steve. So yes, we are almost 2% worse between the price we've recovered in -- well, not recovered. The price increases that we've made principally in the aftermarket this year, which has added about 70 basis points to our results. And we've lost yeah, more than 2.5 points between the premium freight, rising material costs, and inefficiencies in our operations. And that's a little bit -- that's higher obviously than when anticipated 3 months ago. We did see a reduction in premium freight from the second quarter to the third quarter, but we started to see more increase on the material cost side.
Mark Smith: I will just say this continues to be a high area of focus both on our operation side and also working through this with suppliers and customers and implementing price increases.
Mark Smith: What I would add Tim is what we see is our products are performing incredibly well. We see it in our financials with very positive results on cost of quality and overall strong sense of enthusiasm for the products that we're putting in the market. Invariably, you're going to get some volatility quarter-to-quarter, as we always do, but we feel really good about the position of our products in the market. I think that's the message when you step back and when we're done with this year and and we look at the message you want you to leave with, and, of course, we're optimistic about picking up more business over time.
Mark Smith: If I just step back because there's a lot of noise year-over-year because some of the actions we took last year, the boosted results for us to step back from the noise of the numbers. I'll come back to that in a moment. Really, we're wrestling with three issues in that business that are somewhat different than we'd anticipated 3 or 6 months ago. Number one, for the production in North America has not picked up in the second half of the year, if anything, it's drifted down a little bit. And we were counting on that in our guidance. So we think underlying demand supports are robust environment for next year, and that should take care of itself. Number 2, whilst we anticipated a sharp drop in the second half of the year in China and that's playing out largely as we've expected. This business is doing a major product transition for NS-5 to NS-6. And in variable when we start with the launch of new products, will below optimal scale, demand is still pretty light for NS-6 so as we ramp up, we'd expect margins to recover. The bigger challenge, or the more, naughty challenges the rise in supply chain costs, which is really what we've seen when in the first half of the year we saw OEMS principally, availability impacting our operations, supply chain and the engine business. We've seen that spread more to more electrical components. And what's happened is the components business has picked up more cost and efficiency. So that one's not you were working
Mark Smith: through all that. Yes, we got the metal costs, we got the normal contractual adjustments around that. But it's that focus on the supply chain and the other actions that we talked about at the start of the call that we're focused on here. But I just wanted to try and simplify the message. There's a lot of noise out there. I'll just say one other thing just -- you didn't ask me, just clear up some noise I hear. Whilst -- in the explanations, we mentioned higher product coverage costs in this segment, it's compared to an extraordinarily low number last year. There's no big charge for product coverage or warranty in the segments. I just wanted to clear that up for other listeners. Thank you.
Mark Smith: Hi Noah, this is Mark. Yes, we continue to make progress in pursuing the alternatives for that business. Our plans are unchanged and you should expect an update in the new year as we continue that work. Will be no -- I don't anticipate any significant change in the remaining three months. But an update in the new year and the direction and the enthusiasm for that process remains unchecked. And I will just say the performance of that business has also been very strong this year that. It's embedded within the components business, but the business continues to do very well.
Tom Linebarger: Hey Steve, this is Tom, the one thing that everybody is still worried about in our industry is semiconductors. It's not that things haven't improved some because they have, but it's marginal improvement. It's still a really tight supply chain, so there's a lot of issues across the supply chain, labor shortages, freight, etc. But semiconductors look like they're -- they have a longer-term capacity issue and I'd also say the freight side of things just seems like it's not quite getting better yet when you look at where containers are and what ports look like. So there's no question that, as Mark said, internally, we are working as much as we can to address our cost side inefficiencies. He talked about going out and negotiating price increases, and as you know on the material cost side, those come automatically, but we'll have to negotiate for the rest. It's just that some of these things look like they are likely to be somewhat persistent. That doesn't mean we're not hoping to improve them all. I just want to be realistic about those. There'll be some element that looks like it goes into next year too.
Tom Linebarger: Yeah. Let me let Jen talk a little bit about how the China market is now and how we're seeing it, and I can jump back in and see us talk about sort of longer-term things.
Tom Linebarger: Yeah. I would just pick up from where Jen left off, the power shortages as she said. Some impacts on production, but not a huge cost impact. But as you suggested, Jamie, we do think it helps us in the market. And as I mentioned in my remarks, our power-gen business is positioned well in China and now I look at China and I see us positioned across all of our markets. The truck side, as Jen said, we've now got -- our automatic transmissions are taking off, our content across the engines is growing. There's more consolidation in the market. So as things start to come back, I think we're better positioned we've ever been. Add to it, that we're now doing electrolyzers with a partner in China. We've got fuel-cell launches in China. So on the new power side, while things are moving slower in China than maybe and people anticipated several years ago, that's just allowed us to position ourselves to be in those markets more strongly as they take off. So again, today -- looking where I am today, I'd say our position in China has really never been stronger. So, yeah. Do I wish the market was stronger this year? Sure. But I think as it turns back down, we're able to consolidate more and strengthen our position.
Tom Linebarger: Hi Ann I'm Tom, it's good to hear you. I really don't know because again, there are, as you know, export, I mean, sorry, import caps on that too. So how much that's going to really impact prices is unclear to me. And demand, of course, for metals is pretty high now. So the markets are pretty well-supported. In fact, our mining, you saw our mining numbers are up and that's primarily driven by metal prices. So just in the U.S., it feels to me like it's going to have moderate long-term impact. Short-term, it may provide a little bit of relief, but I would have said that given the import caps, it's probably not a big move medium or long term.
Tom Linebarger: Well, as you know, the hydrogen investments would be the same. Still we would need to generate hydrogen and, of course, we need green hydrogen in order to actually reduce the CO2 impact of the fuel. And really, hydrogen combustion is a good answer. It's just not as efficient as a fuel cell. So if you're running our long-haul heavy-duty trucks where fuel is your number one cost or power energy is, then that efficiency increase from a fuel cell is going to be worth it to you. If you have a relatively short range or you have a vocational truck, our view is maybe a hydrogen engine might work for you, especially if the conversion to fuel cell is too expensive and you're not having that many units. So our view is there's a place for both, but if you want to think what's going to really drive the transportation economy 20 years -- 15 years from now, you're going to need the efficiency that a fuel cell, especially with an electric system, is going to provide. So our feeling still as fuel sales win, for the majority of the trucking industry, but we -- hydrogen engines are a real addition to the portfolio of products that are -- can be available across our markets.
Tom Linebarger: Jerry, it's a terrific question, and as you can imagine, it's been on my mind for a while. We did -- early in the pandemic we did do some structural reform. I think we talked about on some previous calls trying to say, hey, well, the market's down, let's make sure that we get our capacity rightsize and I think we did some good work early on on that. But with the supply chain challenges, we've also seen a bunch of new problems that we weren't seeing before. You highlighted some of them. Do we have enough inventory in the right places? Are we outsourced in places we should be insourced? And then of course with trade challenges between countries, are we relying too much on cross-border trade. So all those things now are in our strategy looking forward about how we want to reposition our supply chain. So today what we're doing is trying to get our costs down, trying to get our production up to meet customer demand, and trying to keep our supply chain people at work. when it's -- they're basically working 24/7. It's been really, really rough, so I would just say that the strategic elements, while we're doing a lot of work and analysis on them, there's no question that we've taken a backseat to try to keep operations going in the last couple of quarters. But those issues are first and foremost, for us and the leadership team, thinking about how we want to position. And I will just say this, broadly speaking, what we're thinking about is we do need to reposition what we outsourced and what we in-source for the future, partly because of some of the supply chain challenges we've seen here, but also because the industry is likely to consolidate further. And we need to make sure that we can be the reliable supplier that we need to be for our customers. So we will be looking at that and thinking through where the right way to position ourselves in different supply chains is, but I think you've hit on a key point that there will be some optimization that will be helpful to us, both from a cost and reliability point-of-view overtime.
Tom Linebarger: As you said, off highway is more fragmented and generally speaking, conversations are a phase behind on highway in battery electric power trains, but they are common. As you'd guess, every major off highway producers trying to figure out what their long-term strategy is from carbon point of view and sustainability point of view. We are having conversations with many of them. In all cases, I think the battery electric conversation, it is at a high level strategically as the same thing. All of them need a solution. All of them want to figure out when is the costs -- the total cost of ownership for end-users work out and it generally doesn't today unless you're in a publicly financed application. If you're in a train or a bus or a ferry, okay. If you're in a commercially viable thing, it doesn't quite work out yet, but the numbers as you know are changing quickly, but it still doesn't work out. So they are trying to figure out how to position themselves for when it does work out, who they partner with, and how. And today, most of those partnership conversations are pushed out because there's not a viable offering to make today, nor is there a way to get to a viable offering within technologies and the costs as they are now. So everyone's looking forward trying to figure out what does it look like. Off-highway, I believe, strategically, will be in the same challenge that they're in today. Not enough volume to justify a special one, but very specific needs to their application. And our view is that Cummins will be well-positioned because we will have products and on-highway which will give us volume and scale and then we will have an understanding of their application and how to adapt the technologies most effectively to off-highway so that we'll represent a good partner to them, and as you guessed, that sort of the pitch I'm making to them now that we'd be the right partner for them in battery electric as we are with engines.
Tom Linebarger: Yeah. He thinks -- no I appreciate your question and the answer is, we have continued to see backlog growth in the electrolyzer business, and I'd say the big strategic move we wanted to make was to add some bigger projects to the backlog and those conversations have been going much better in a backlog. I think last time we checked with 60 megawatts or something quite a good backlog, some newer larger projects which were exciting to add in there. And of course the problem with larger projects, they take longer to get together, and more likely delays in funding, but that's where the market's going. We need to have those big ones, so it was good to see some of those come into backlog. and I would just say that the interest in electrolyzers is still quite strong. As you mentioned, the bill -- the Build Back Better Plan has some incentives in there for producing hydrogen, especially low -- carbon-free ammonia. We think that's going to be a good use of electrolyzers in the early phase of electrolyzers. We see it in Europe where there's a carbon price already. We see it in some fertilizer-related projects and it's an area where there's a lot of carbon used in fertilizer through gray hydrogen and making that hydrogen green is a way -- there's already demand calculations about how to get cost. Equivalency are pretty straightforward. They're not easy, they take some funding and they take some incentives, which is why you see those in the bill. But once you do the calculations, you can see how you can get there, so I do expect that to be one of the markets that's likely to move more quickly, especially if those incentives make it through into law. I do think it will promote the green hydrogen -- green nitrogen, I guess the green ammonia business pretty quickly in the U.S.
Tom Linebarger: Matt, it depends, but at the very top of the market, generally speaking, our penetration goes up a little bit because they run out of capacity if they use both, if they have both their own demand and ours. But again, generally is not a good indicator for a given quarter and as Mark was saying earlier, quarter-to-quarter variation is pretty high because they may have backlogs. In this case, they may have unfinished trucks with more of their engine. So just quarter-to-quarter, it's hard to see. What's more is because of the supply chain challenges, right now, OEM truck production is capped by suppliers. So we're not anywhere near the maximum production of the industry today. I mean, we hope to be based on what engine users demand, but we're not. We're in an area where they can produce more if they could get more parts. So I think we're not really near the spot that you're asking about in terms of industry production.
Tom Linebarger: Broadly speaking, Rob, the way it works is that we have OEM long-term agreements with large customers for engines and the major components. That's the sort of sectors where you'll see some of those long-term agreements. The benefit of those, of course, is that we can count on continued customer orders over a period of time over phase of production of trucks and engines. And the pricing arrangements in those for the most part, again, they're -- each one's a little different, but the general deal is it on basic material costs. There's an escalator or a pass-through, and on the rest, you need to negotiate if you want to make a change. Doesn't mean you can't negotiate, just means you have to negotiate with your partner. And then on generator sets and aftermarket where we go directly to retail customers, then we only have what's on the order book as what's what you can -- you can't price on. So as Mark and Jen said, we -- this year, we priced in the aftermarket. Early in the year, we priced in the aftermarket again. In the middle of the year, and we always are looking back at that to see if we should do more. And then gen sets we also move pricing right away. And then now what we're doing is talking with all of our OEM customers about the fact that we've had these escalators, not just freight, by the way, freight, logistics, material costs, special shipments as a result of delays in semiconductors, and other products that we want to recover from them, and we're in negotiations with them now.
Tom Linebarger: And Rob, the thing we really needed in the U.S of course, as we need, we need domestic semiconductor production that's targeted at the automotive industry. That's -- I mean, that's -- I don't mean to be pie in the sky about it, but strategically, it's kind of a nightmare that we only have -- all those semiconductor wafers are coming from pretty much one factory or one set of factories in Taiwan, and that we're a very small part of that Company's output. That's not the ideal situation for a supply chain. So if you ever said, hey, what's the strategic plan? The strategic plan has to be defined semiconductor manufacturers who think the automotive industry is more critical to their success and ideally to have some closer to shore onshore so that we can look at the total capacity and demand, because right now most automotive -- most trucks and buses are adding a significant portion of electronics. Each revolution or each time that their new product ramps come out, they add 30% more chips or sensors or something, and that's not the way the industry semiconductor -- the capacity of the semiconductors is moving. So we need to add more capacity and we need to add it -- target it at those customers.
Jennifer Rumsey: Hi, Jamie. As you heard from Mark, and we've been forecasting, we've seen a drop-off at the middle of the year in the China market -- on-highway market in particular, with the changeover between NS V and NS VI emission standards. So we saw inventory building up in the first half of the year and we're now seeing that coming down and getting sold in regions that are still allowing NS V product sales. And so that combined with a higher cost of the new emissions product has, as we expected, driven a drop in on-highway demand, which we expect to come back to some degree. 2020 was a record year for China though, so our expectation is that market's going to come back to be more in line with what we saw in '19 for on-highway. We are benefiting in China from additional content in the components business with new emissions requirements and also the launch of the endurance transmission now in China. So we see that benefit and we think our NS-VI products are going to performed well in the market as well and give us some upside potential. But the market overall is down. The construction market has also come down some and we are continuing to see some strength in the power gen market there. We are watching the impact of those power shortage issues in China very closely with our suppliers, it's not created a major disruption for us to this point, but it is something we continue to watch closely.
Jennifer Rumsey: And we have the new N15 natural gas product launched in China as well now, and that I think positions us better for what's a fairly sizable natural gas market in China as well.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. I mean, at this point, the demand out there is very strong. We're seeing growing back orders in some of our businesses. And I've been out in recent couple of months talking with both OEMS and customers and there is strong demand out there that for sure is real at this point, customers are not getting all the trucks that they would like to get this year and do not believe even looking into next year, they think that there's going to be some limitations. I think that orders are strong and as Tom said, we've got some contractual pricing on metals that we'll get, as we go into next year. We've been taking pricing actions where we go direct to the market and aftermarket on PowerGen, and we're continuing to work with our OEM customers, on first-fit to negotiate pricing just in light of that cost environment we see right now.
Jennifer Rumsey: And there's a time factor too, as you can imagine. As fuel cells advanced and costs come down, and maybe there are period of time where hydrogen engines are having an economic advantage, but as Tom said over time costs come down, that efficiency benefit for customers that are really driven strictly by total costs on ownership. May -- we think will drive a shift toward fuel cell and applications like Line Haul.
Jennifer Rumsey: Exactly, I think taken 30 Second on it, we're designing this platform that the physical hardware for flexibility is exactly as you said, this fuel system and some other components differences and then the tuning. Of course, the calibration and control of the engine is different based on the fuel, but we're able to leverage some of that manufacturing and engineering investment in a common platform.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, there's a couple of dynamics. So of course, we've added some additional OEM customers. So when you think about our sales through OEMS and medium-duty and heavy-duty. And you saw -- you heard some of the numbers around how much of the total market we're seeing with Cummins engine. So we feel really well-positioned, our products are performing well, there's a lot of end-user pull and we've seen good position in the market. The dynamic that is happening in the fourth quarter, in most cases, we have been able to work through the supply constraints and continue to supply to our OEM customers and have not, in most cases, been the reason they've not been able to build trucks.  So as they take down some of their build rate, stabilize their production and complete these trucks that they build short of some components. We have seen some reduction in demand on the engine itself as they're working to really stabilize and get to more efficient build rates to make sure they are building with what supply and inventory they have and level that out. So that is impacting that in the fourth quarter and in part why we adjusted our revenue guidance.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, great question. We are constantly working to make sure that we have the most competitive engine in the market that drives end-user pull and grows our position in the market and also ensuring that we have capacity to meet OEM s' needs through strong cycles. And we continue to have conversations. You've seen announcements around the partnerships with Isuzu, with Hino, with Dymo. We're continuing to have those conversations with customers that may not offer Cummins engines today to introduce those in the future. So we expect that those opportunities will continue over time.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So the plan -- we've announced that we're bringing this N15 natural gas engine that we have in production in China now into the U.S. market by '24. So we're couple of years out from offering that product. As I've talked to end customers, they are very excited about this product and in particular, as they pursue their own goals for carbon reduction. In the coming years, they see natural gas as a great way to meet those, including using renewable natural gas. So we expect some upside opportunities as we bring that new platform into the market and also some growing interest yo natural gas in the market.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, I will comment on that one. So it's something we've been working really closely throughout the year and we've started to see some improvement quarter-over-quarter since the middle of the year and supply of microprocessors for most of our components that we've seen some growing disruption on other electrical components. That has become a bigger issue for us in the second half of the year. And we have also in parallel been working and I think we'll revisit inventory strategies as we are able to build inventory. Not today in the current very constrained environment. And we're also looking at, sourcing strategy and doing dual-sourcing back all the way to a tier 3 level to make sure we've got more flexibility in the future.
