Ike Evans: Thank you, Kevin. Let's turn to Slide 16. I said at the beginning of the call, our financial performance this quarter was strong, and our year-to-date performance clearly demonstrates that we are focused in the right areas. Our alignment around M2016 targets includes all areas of our global organization. Today, we discuss just a few examples of the work we are doing to continually improve our operational performance. I am proud of our teams around the world who are working together closely with our customers to improve the company and to meet our requirement. We're winning new business and the Meritor brand in strong and growing. This quarter we signed an MoU with Volvo in anticipation of extending our actual supply agreements with our largest global customer. And in July, we entered into a new contract with Kamaz in India and extended our partnership with Hino for another three years. You'll remember last quarter we signed a new four-year agreement with Daimler Trucks, North America. Although certain international markets remain soft, we are executing and converting on the F-Cycle and Class 8 trucks in North America. We're confident and we have momentum. As Kevin told you, increasing our guidance reflects good execution and effective cost reduction initiatives combined with strong conversion on incremental sales. Our year-to-date performance demonstrates that we are getting real traction to achieve sustained improvement in our fashion or performance. We remain on track with our M2016 objectives. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Ike Evans: Colin, we spent over a year working with Volvo on this MoU. And we both expect to sign the long-term agreement prior to the expiration of this contract. However, due to the confidentiality provisions of the MoU, we can't provide you with any more detail. The bottom line though is we're confident, we have a solid path forward with this important global customer. And our focus is to continue to providing them with superior quality delivery and products that help [to freight] (ph) their trucks in a regional market. And that's as much as we can say at this point in time.
Ike Evans: Brian, the answer is, yes, we're converting successfully. As we've committed before we said we will convert at least 15% rate on incremental revenue and we are executing on that. And we expect to continue to do so. Kevin, I don't know if you want to add any more to that.
Ike Evans: And Brian, if you remember in my comments in the call, we are delivering basically world class quality and virtually 100% on time delivery.
Ike Evans: Well, Patrick, thank you for -- it was a good quarter for us. Really it's not a delivery to be able to say anymore than I've already with regard to Volvo. Other than that we are both our companies are excited about the prospects I moving forward. I mean this is seven years for Europe and South America and four years for North America for axles and drive lines as well. So this is exciting. This is our largest global customer. It's 27% of our sales. So I mean we are excited about this as overall Volvo.
Ike Evans: At this point who knows four years from now, but at this point in time Volvo and we've sat down and we view ourselves as a long-term commitment on our part or their part to be their actual driveline supplier for North America.
Ike Evans: Patrick, we continue to support both the marine's and the army's developmental programs as far as HMM-WV Recap or the HMMWV Recap program is concerned. On July 28th the government indicated that the Marine Corps is analyzing its acquisition strategies to enable mission achievement within budgetary constraints. We'll closely follow updates on this evaluation, but the bottom line for Meritor is as we've said in the past that our M2016 targets are not really dependent on any single program. We have a very robust pipeline. So if this doesn't materialize we will still be in good shape. But however we wanted to, but we can't give any further update because we don't know other than what I just told you. As far as the JLTV program, it's on track with final selection still expected, middle of next year. The government has issued a draft request for purchase as planned at the end of -- did it at the end of June. We provided our response to our partner, Lockheed Martin. And we've already indicated that the (indiscernible) is on schedule for down selecting the summer of 2015. So that's the status of both of those.
Ike Evans: We're going to dimension that on an annual basis, and we'll do that at the November earnings call. So, the Kamaz win is actually a contributor to the $120 million that we've earned today. It was actually a pretty good contract for us from a revenue perspective. The Hino contract is an extension. So that one, you won't us see counting towards the 500 million, but the Kamaz one does count, we're not going to dimension win-by-win, but we'll dimension it in aggregate when we get to the end of the year, November.
Ike Evans: The answer there is due to the confidentiality provisions of the MoU we can't provide you any more details on that.
Ike Evans: We work hard on this. As we said, our capacity is around 300,000 North American markets. We work daily with our customers and our supply base to ensure that we were able to meet our customer's requirements. We're tracking all our commodities and we just stay on top of this. And the good news is we're converting, and we had 98.9% delivery rate in June. So I think we're delivering to our customers. I can't comment as to whether any other suppliers out there might be having pinch points.
Ike Evans: We don't know. We don't have a crystal ball. All the economic indicators are not really good. So what we're going to do, we'll take the appropriate cost structure actions that we needed to do to manage effectively in this region, but no one has a crystal ball as to when this is going to return.
Ike Evans: If you think about just six months ago, our customers and our sales, we were bullish on this market. So the market can be volatile. It can go down and it can come back just as quickly.
Kevin Nowlan: Colin, this is Kevin. As you look historically, I mean we've had -- this has been a 10-year agreement with Volvo in Europe, so we haven't had a whole lot of history in terms of that. But I think the expectation is that we would execute the long-term binding agreement at the end of this -- at the maturity of this contract, which is the beginning of October of 2014. And the new contract would kick in after that. That's the expectation.
Kevin Nowlan: And that's inclusive of trailer, which our trailer market has been up and even our European aftermarket business which is up as well. So it's really across the entire segment.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, the first thing to keep in mind, yes, there is some seasonality there. Remember Europe right now is shutdown. And so we lose several weeks of production in the fourth quarter. So that has a big revenue impact on us as we go from Q3 to Q4 and obviously we lose conversion on that. Second, we do have a little bit more step down going into Q4 from the defense business and then of course South America remains soft. So I think those are the key drivers that we are focused on as we think about why our implied Q4 guidance would be softer than where we ended Q3.
Kevin Nowlan: I think that's right. And frankly that part of it as we think about. The reason I think Q3 came in a little bit stronger, we had really good material labor and burden performance in the quarter which overcame the steel. But we also had good conversion on the North American sales I think stronger than what we've historically seen when we were in the midst of an upturn. As we stay here today, we are not prepared to declare victory. We have a long way to go through this upturn, but I think we are pretty pleased with the incrementals that we've achieved today.
Kevin Nowlan: It's a good question, Brian. I think where we sit today -- we are not necessarily counting on North America to be sitting at a 300,000 Class 8 market. We generally use some of the services; LMC, FTR and others across the globe to assess what we think the markets look like. As you know, when we talked about our 10% margin guidance, we talked about it in the past as needing to hit 4.5 billion of revenue, which fundamentally, what's underlying that is recovery in markets like South America, India, China, Europe, more so the North America. In fact I think North America given where we sit today versus a couple of years from now could be a little bit lower at least on the truck side. I think as we sit here today, that 4.5 billion that we've laid out is probably -- it needs those markets to come back, and who knows where that's really going to be two years from now. But I'd tell you given where we sit today, we believe that we can achieve 10% margin even if we fall short of that 4.5 billion target, and I think will provide a little bit more clarity on that when we get into November timeframe on the earnings call.
Kevin Nowlan: I'd add to that, Patrick, keep in mind that the North American agreement actually wasn't scheduled to mature until 2015, the spring of 2015. And as the parties were moving forward in the discussions around Europe and South America and Australia, we decided it was in the best interest of both companies to address that contract now even though it could have ordinarily waited a little bit longer. So we are extending four years from next spring, which is basically 2019. And I think that's indicative of the strong relationship we have with Volvo right now.
Kevin Nowlan: Let me start with FMTV and talk about that, and then I'll turn it over to Ike to talk about the future programs. With FMTV we're seeing another sequential step down here in Q4. If you look at Q3, been on a year-over-year basis were down almost 60% in that business. And for the full year we expect to be down about $100 million FMTV and revenue. As we go into next year we expect that we will have roughly level production release the first few quarters of 2015 roughly the same as what our Q4 production is. So I think you are going to see a step down in Q4 and then probably flat for several quarter before the program ends. Remember there is 949 more vehicle sets to be produced in '15. And again that's indicative of basically several quarters of flat and then probably falling off at the end of the year next year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I don't think there is any significant reason. I think as I talked about on prior quarters, we tend to have some lumpy CapEx projects from time-to-time. And some of those projects have either not happened this year or on the timing that we expected. I think the other thing to keep in mind if we manage the CapEx pretty closely. We are not looking to cut CapEx, it hasn't been our strategy. But we need to make sure that the CapEx projects that we have in the hopper meet the return that's required to deliver a good return to our shareholders. So I think you can expect some lumpiness, and I think as you think about us going forward, 2% of sales is a good way to model us as you think about going forward even though we're running a little late on that so far this year.
Kevin Nowlan: And I think -- you're absolutely right. So, of you strip out the $20 million from SG&A associated with Eaton, our SG&A was up about $7 million. And there is a couple of drivers of that, one is we did have some increased incentive compensation accruals as we look at how we're tracking relative to our plan, which is we're tracking fairly well. Second, we did have some incremental asbestos related to legal defense cost. That's both defending cases as well as we're going after a couple of insurance companies with trials upcoming in the fall to allow us to obtain insurance coverage for claims that are coming out in six, seven, eight, nine years from now. So that's a couple of the key movers in the SG&A line that were negative.
Kevin Nowlan: I think those were both probably a little higher than what we'd have expected. In incentive compensation I think we're doing a little bit of a true-up given our performance coming in a little bit stronger. The defense cost, I think we have to monitor. It really depends on what cases are going to trial, what cases we need to defend in the near-term. So it's something we keep a close eye on.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I'd say outside of revenue, which is a big one because we do lose a lot of significant amount of revenue when Europe shuts down and we lose the contribution on that, so that's a big piece. But the other pieces are South America continuing to remain soft. It's our military business taking another step-down going from Q3 to Q4 as we've talked about it in the past as the high margin business. And then, we do have some hedge for some potential if we have any year end accrual adjustments. As you know, every year we do liability assessments, actuarial evaluations on some of our longer data liabilities, and sometimes those result in adjustments that can impact margin. So I think those are the three things in addition to revenue that we think about as potential headwinds in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: And so I think it will be -- have some uncertainty as we head into '15, and I think we'll give some more updated guidance in November as how we think about '15 is playing out. But I think we do -- it's important to keep in mind we do think longer term we're pretty bullish on the South American market even though we're going through some tough times right now. It's been a good market for us, if you look versus 10 years ago where this market was I mean it's more than doubled. So, it's a good market, lot of good opportunity up there and we make good money.
