Chris Clulow: Great. Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins results for the second quarter of 2023. Participating with me today are Jennifer Rumsey, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we will refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com. With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our Chair and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey to kick us off.
Chris Clulow: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have an additional question, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are ready for our first question.
Chris Clulow: Yes. So, yes, Tami, you’re right. We did raise in power systems and distributions. And as we looked at the overall guide, just given the uncertainty in the markets we elected not to change the overall, it probably would trend towards the higher end of that revenue guide is what we’re looking at right now, but we didn’t want to change it at this point.
Chris Clulow: Great. Thanks very much. That concludes our teleconference for today. Thank you all for participating and your continued interest. As always, the Investor Relations team will be available for questions after the call. Have a good day.
Mark Smith: Okay. I’ll go with the first question, Jamie. Thank you. Yes, so in the Engine business, there are really three themes to the numbers. One, we’ve raised the investment level in engineering, really to support all the additional business that we’ve won and meet future emissions and drive that profitable growth. Two, this is the business, more recently, it’s continued to face some continued inflation on material costs. We’re net pricing positive, but we’ve also continued to experience some increase in material costs. And then for the second half of the year, really, we’re expecting China JV earnings to weaken, which is typical having a weaker second half than the first half. And then yes, as you mentioned, the incentive compensation – we’ll describe it as an issue. It is a factor in our results across the company in that our performance is exceeding our internal plan and we trued up our accruals in the second quarter, which happens from time to time and also compares to a quarter a year ago when we were lowering them. But the business issues are really the increased investment and then the lower JV earnings in the second half of the year.
Mark Smith: Yes. I think in that business, they’re all performing well. Obviously, the change in the mix has an impact, but clearly, Meritor results stepped up from the first quarter. So that was probably the biggest thing to change. I don’t want to talk about Atmus. They’re going to have their own earnings call shortly. But I would just say in general, the performance trends are strong across that portfolio.
Mark Smith: Hey, Tim, it’s Mark. Thanks for the question. I think the only market change, which isn’t new this quarter that’s been coming for a few months has really been a weakening order board on some of the consumer side, particularly the RV market where we’ve got a very strong presence, not surprising with interest rates where they are that overall market started to – the demand started to drift down. So I would say that’s the only one with some momentum change. I mean, oil and gas, there are different opinions at different points in time. That’s the one clear trend I would say right now. And then you’re right. The backlog is seeing us through this year. So we’re watching everything closely. But I would say, it’s stable outside of RV.
Mark Smith: And then, of course, we’re pleased with the step up in performance over the last year. And then you heard in my comments that we’ve taken yet more actions to keep boosting that profitability up. So we’re very pleased with the momentum in that business.
Mark Smith: So I would say, first of all, it’s a shorter quarter just because of the holiday periods. I think the industry has a lower build rate building at Q4, so that’s not coming specific. And then, yes, I think the rest is our assumption, David. It is not current outside of the shorter quarter. That’s not what we’re hearing from customers at this point in time. The question is really going to be what are the order momentum for the rest of this year and what’s sentiment as we get towards that end of the year? That’s how I would characterize what we’ve got embedded in our guidance and that doesn’t change. We’ve had that instance the start of the year.
Mark Smith: Yes. We’re not trying to signal some Cummins specific issue here, David. It’s just assumption about the market activity at the end of the year.
Mark Smith: Yes. I mean, the main delta in all those things is – whilst our share has gone up in heavy-duty over the last couple of years and it’s very strong. Medium-duty, it’s much stronger, right? That’s the main difference. And then I would say it’s a different kind of angle to your question, Rob, the larger fleets, we tend to have higher share with the larger fleets than we do with the overall – within heavy duty than the overall market itself because that’s where we’ve got those deeper, stronger relationships. So there’s a theme that’s been support as larger fleets are becoming more effective, more competitive. That’s been a trend that’s been helping us. But individual take and we’re really getting into splitting as the trend has been shared going up in heavy and in medium.
Mark Smith: Well, yes, we’ll be at about 3.5% to 3.75% plus on pricing. And on costs, we’ll be about 1.5% inflation.
Mark Smith: I think construction, though, construction and Brazil truck were the two key areas. And then I would say parts, it’s not dramatically different, but it’s leveling out. Those are the three themes that are going – go in the other way or not improving.
Mark Smith: I think it’s correct that the forecast for the industry are a lower Q4, right, just because of the number of the production days in the quarter. Part of it is just math for the remainder of the year, which is not. And then part of it is just history tells us if there is some erosion in confidence, which we haven’t seen in customer orders. Just to be clear, if there is, we tend to have a bigger fade into the December holiday period and a slow ramp up. So we just – we built that into our guidance at the start of the year. That’s simple as that.
Mark Smith: Yes, but I would say that just seem the most likely size source of upside to our guidance right now.
Mark Smith: Part of it is just a timing issue of like what’s the replenishment of the fleet been a lot of ordering of engines for construction equipment. So it doesn’t necessarily mean it’s just the demand on us is kind of leveled out, right now. And again, we’ll see where that is going.
Mark Smith: Right. So on the EV side, no, our demand today is mostly concentrated in the bus markets. I would say our margins have definitely been improving. The Accelera leadership team has done good work on improving the margins even with, yes, relatively modest, albeit increasing demand at this point in time. Yes, so we’re really looking for those next waves of demand, but the margins have been improving there. And on the electrolyzers, the demand keeps going up. The issue is not demand. It’s just making sure that we’re ready. There aren’t that many electrolyzers, new ones out in the field yet, right? We’re still building that capability. Yes, we’re shipping some, but that’s going to be going up to just making sure history shows a bit of investment now. It pays off multiple times in the long run.
Jennifer Rumsey: And on your second question, Jamie, in terms of what we’re seeing in the market, the performance of our products continues to be very positive and strong. And what I would say is my conversations in the – in recent months have continued to have conversations with customers, in particular in the medium-duty space, and even in the electrolyzer space, there’s a lot of demand and interest in Cummins products. And I noted that we’ve made some shifts in our global plants to increase capacity and medium-duty for North America to meet that demand. So there’s still really strong demand in that market. And we’re cyclical business. We’re used to being a cyclical business, I think this is going to likely be a more gentle cycle across markets than what we’ve typically seen, but we do see some indications in certain markets, a little bit softening in aftermarket, some anticipated down days and our guidance implies heavy-duty a little bit lower in the fourth quarter, in particular, construction a little bit lower. And China, really not growing significantly, seasonally softer in the second half versus first half. So I still feel quite good about market outlook and how we’re performing. And yes, we think the Q2 is going to be our revenue peak and we’re – our guide reflects that and we’re taking actions to make sure we’re prioritizing the places we need to invest for the future while also managing headcount discretionary spending and just SG&A down for the second half of the year.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, great. Thanks, Jerry. Yes, as you noted, I think there’s growing interest in what I call some of these bridge technologies, alternate fuels and engines, the natural gas product, we’re seeing growth in that in China. We’re going to launch that here. We expect to see some success in that market and looking at hydrogen engines where we’ve – we’re developing those and trying to figure out in which markets they’ll play a role. It’s slow going because of the infrastructure build out that’s required. And so we’re really focused on investing to have the right products, but at the right time. And so you’re still going to see a lot of demand for diesel in the next few years. One key thing that happened this quarter was progress with the car regulation and the alignment now to EPA in ‘27, which is a real positive. So we could focus on a nationwide solution and then some of these bridge and zero emission solutions to start to adopt and applications and places where the infrastructure exists.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. And the thing we’ve been able to do, we had a lot of supply challenges in that business last year. So through the first half, we’ve been able to really produce at a better level. And we see strong demand in particular data center demand, the order board is out through next year for the data center market. We revised – you heard us revise mining up a little bit. So we’re seeing strength in parts of those markets. And then as Mark noted, it’s a little bit of softening in other parts of that market. But the situation there is really stabilized from where it was last year.
Jennifer Rumsey: No, I mean, the color I'll give there is, we were at incredibly high aftermarket levels because what was happening was customers couldn’t buy new trucks. So they were using trucks longer that drove more aftermarket demand. And so it’s still very healthy. We believe we’ve seen some – we’re seeing some inventory adjustment happening. And that the overall aftermarket demand has come down a little bit, but it’s still very, very healthy to your point, the aftermarket business for us from our margin perspective is a favorable one, but we still see it being healthy is what I would say.
Jennifer Rumsey: It’s a tricky one. And as you can imagine, we are debating this a lot. So as I said, a little bit softer aftermarket is typically an indication that we’re going to see some softening in the market more down days in the fourth quarter. There’s just uncertainty from an economic perspective and the typical cyclical nature that we see in our markets that is causing us to anticipate in the fourth quarter. And as we look to next year that the market size is going to start to come down a little bit. As I said, I think it’s a softer cycle than we would typically see, but it just – it’s at a very high level right now. We – our Jamestown is producing as much as they can.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, look, we’re – our goal is to continue to balance the price with the cost pressure that we’ve been seeing, which is stabilized. And then we’ll launch some new products next year as well. So that will allow us to continue to have those conversations with customers, but really nothing dramatic there.
Jennifer Rumsey: Correct. We don’t control the pricing that happens to the end customer. We have long-term agreements and we price our engine and powertrain solutions and options to the OEM. And we typically follow those long-term agreements with metal market adjustments and have done some inflationary adjustments with them over the last few years, but we don’t fundamentally dictate that pricing to the end customer. Our goal is to have a product offered to work with the end customers to create goal for our product through the performance of our powertrain compared to others in the market.
Jennifer Rumsey: I was going to say, of course, in the heavy-duty space, a big factor and customer choices as fuel economy.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, I don’t – it really hasn’t changed notably from the thinking before and that this idea that we’re going to see a gentle cycle. So, some downturn in the market, not dramatic and anticipating that, that happening. And it’s really dependent on some of these broader economic things and what really happens, how that plays out.
Jennifer Rumsey: But in the meantime, layered on that, what you’re seeing is we’re improving gross margin across the business, right? The base business gross margin performance has been strong, Meritor has continued to improve quarter-over-quarter. And we think now is the time to start managing our operating costs, expecting that we’re going to see some downturn and then continue to look at places as you’ve seen us do some structural things to improve the business and the focus this year has really been within the Power Systems business where we’re doing that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. At this point, we’re continuing to assume there’s no stimulus. There was, in a meeting, a few weeks ago, well, the – I think the government recognizes that they want to try to improve the economy. They want to do it and fiscally responsible stable way. And so we’re not assuming stimulus. China is playing out pretty much as we anticipated some improvement off of a very low 2022 and typical seasonality between first half and second half. And if there’s stimulus that comes in that impacts demand that would impact our outlook as well.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. We are still – with the strategy we have in place right now, we continue to work towards the EBITDA neutral in 2027. A big piece of that is this electrolyzer revenue growth as you saw with the comments on backlog that we continue to be confident in the outlook there and we – the increased investment this year is really focused on making sure we’ve got the product and the supply chain right to enable us to do that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So, our outlook for U.S. construction down to flat, right? So data – and data centers would show up for us and power generation data center market is definitely strong. There’s parts of the market where construction, infrastructure investment and construction remains strong and there’s other segments of that market with rising interest rates and that we’re seeing things.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, it’s not a huge factor for us. I mean, the data center factor for us is that they buy these very large gensets for backup power and that drives significant revenue for power systems. The actual construction itself…
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Yes. The industry and policy changes drive that optimism and the outlook and the growing demand, the higher cost of shifts, not capital expenses of the plants as much as it is operating costs in engineering and in customer support as we’re scaling up that product or running higher than we had previously forecasted.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Here’s a – there’s a couple of things that we watch on this, how the market develops. So on the electrolyzer side, there’s investments, but the actual details of how that government money flows and when it flows are still being defined. So that is a bit of a timing impact on some of that. And then in the electrified powertrain, there’s still a lot of uncertainty beyond the bus market where you’ve got cities and corporations that have incentives and want to electrify on exactly how that infrastructure is going to build out. So there’s regulations that’s going to start to drive more of that, but a lot of uncertainty I would say on the exact pace of that.
