Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks, Kevin. Let's turn to slide 14. The main takeaways from today's call are that we delivered another year of improved financial performance. And as a result, we are confident we will achieve our transformational M2016 financial objectives. In doing so, we believe the company will be better positioned for revenue and earnings growth in the future. We remain committed to our current three-year plan even as we look forward to introducing you to the details of our next one. We now have momentum going into the last year of our M2016 plan, and everyone is excited for the next step in our future. As we look ahead, that plan will shift our emphasis to growth as we continue to focus on business strategies that deliver value to our shareholders. We look forward to taking you through this plan at our Analyst Day in New York on December 10. Now let's take your questions.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. Hey, Brian. This is Jay. Good morning. Yeah. On your first question, certainly, as I mentioned in my comments, we had an excellent year of execution. I think, most importantly, our customers would say we executed virtually flawlessly. So, we did see some opportunities to fill in some gaps in the market from various suppliers, but I think it still is a longer-term trend of us winning business. And so, I guess, to answer an unasked question, do we see a step back, because certain suppliers will be coming back online, not of any meaningful amount. We think these revenue gains have been – market share gains have been of a more permanent nature. And I really give credit to our team, especially from the supply chain and manufacturing side, for just doing an excellent job. On the second question on Daimler, this resurrection issue that was earlier in the year, we've seen our penetration stabilize, as we spoken to earlier, and we expect that environment to continue with stable penetrations going forward and have that understanding with our customer. We are still the majority supplier of Class 8 drive axles to Freightliner and other Daimler products, and we expect to continue that position for the long term.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Internally, a lot of visibility. Again, I think, as you would expect, given the past performance we've shown over the last few years, we have very detailed pipeline reviews and reports and make sure the teams are aligned to achieve the objectives. And the other item I should mention is, I think we're starting to get the favorable benefit of the new wins in the market that are attributable to the significant new product launches we're bringing to the market, our excellent delivery, and quality performance. We're starting to see meaningful share gains that you see in our guidance are offsetting a fair bit, if not almost all of the headwinds year-over-year.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Good morning, Irina. This is Jay. Good question. Again, we're extremely proud and confident that we will achieve that 10% margin guidance. As I've said earlier, we feel confident we have the programs in place to achieve that. As far as for the outlook beyond that, that's what we'll be addressing in a month from now in December, so about four weeks from now, and be talking through that in some detail. I think, as we've said earlier, we think there's still opportunities but we're not ready to, specifically, to mention how much those are, but we think there's still opportunities to increase margin in the years to come.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think we feel we're shooting it pretty straight at some broader range than we typically give just because of the recent volatility in the market. So we've given a little broader range. Obviously, the most important thing is it supports our revenue guidance. So we feel that range is appropriate for what we've guided for the total revenue for 2016. As we look at that and look at the market factors, there are obviously, a lot of positive market factors. The fleets are still extremely profitable. The utilization rates are very high. Some of the negatives are the fleet age is coming down to more historic norms, and the used truck prices have also declined. I think the main thing we look at, like everybody is, the order data. And if we continue, if there's a trend that continues that occurred in October, where the orders for October were below the five-year average, it would put us towards the lower end of that range or put pressure on that. And if the orders over the next few months come in at or above that five-year average, it would put us towards the upper end of the range or above it. So that's what we're watching closely over the next few months. But I think we feel we're shooting it pretty straight, as we said today.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think we feel good about it. I think if you look at one of the charts Kevin covered on slide 13, you can see we have new business wins of almost $175 million coming in that we feel go a long way towards offsetting the expected market decline here in North America. So we think that utilization could still run quite high through 2016 as we bring on that new business.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think we're maybe more at the conservative side of the spectrum, but remember also that has a much smaller impact on us. Our exposure to the medium-duty is primarily through Navistar where freight – because freightliner tends to be virtually 100% insourced on that product. So we tend to be less sensitive to that market movement, far less sensitive than Class 8.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks for joining the call today. If you have further questions, please feel free to contact Carl. We look forward to seeing you in December and especially looking forward to rolling out our next strategic plan. Thank you.
Kevin Nowlan: Hey, Brian. This is Kevin Nowlan. I'll take that question. But you're right, we had a really strong quarter for the Aftermarket & Trailer segment at 16%, and a portion of it was driven by some things that are unique to the fourth quarter. We normally have some year-end accrual adjustments and that might have contributed a couple million dollars for things like ICP. But the bulk of the performance or the results were driven by performance. Material, labor and burden performance and pricing actions is really what drove the 16%. And so, as I think about margins for that segment going forward, as we look ahead to 2016, I think you should expect it to be more in the 14% to 15% range as we look forward at these types of revenue levels. Now, having said that, you had asked a question about seasonality. Keep in mind, Q1 is typically the low point for the business given fewer selling days in the quarter. So we would expect it to be a little lower in the first quarter. But for a full year 2016 basis, we're expecting 14% to 15% margin, which is a little higher than what we've guided to in the past.
Kevin Nowlan: It's less to do with the first piece that you mentioned, reengineering, and more to do with material performance initiative, which is improving our cost structure overall, as well as there is a little bit of a tailwind we get from steel index improvement on a year-over-year basis. But I'd say it's a healthy mix of both, as well as labor and burden performance initiatives and pricing actions. It's a combination of all those things.
Kevin Nowlan: Sure. Good morning, Patrick, this is Jay. Good question. As we look at it, I would say it's just more the same. I mean, as we look at the pillars of the margin improvement, you can look at purchasing cost reductions, labor and burden cost performance improvements, pricing improvements. As we look at this last year at the M2016 program, I would say, those are the three main pillars again. And as you would expect, we have 12 to 24-month pipelines on the cost reduction efforts and the pricing initiatives that we review and make certain we have all the steps to ensure that we have execution on those. And that's why you're hearing us going out with confidence today. We'll achieve those targets even in what most people would call a very challenging market environment globally for our industry. We feel we're doing an excellent job of controlling the initiatives that we can.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I think – Patrick, it's Kevin. The way to think about it is we expect to contribute at our normal type of 15% to 20% contribution on any typical new dollar of revenue and those new business wins, I think on average, are no different.
Kevin Nowlan: In terms of – you're right, where at September year-end, and that's when we do our valuation adjustments. I don't think we're prepared to give new pension income guidance for next year at this point. But I think from our funded status, you should expect that our pension under-funded position is going to be just over $100 million as opposed to what has been in prior years, it's been upwards of $0.5 billion, just given some of our de-risking strategy that we've executed. And then, we'll provide you a little bit more color on your specific question in December at the Analyst Day.
Kevin Nowlan: I cannot comment on that at the moment, but you should expect that we follow the same methodology we always do, which is looking at AA corporates and what they did on a year-over-year basis. It's not a significant move, I would tell you, on a year-over-year basis in our discount rates.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I mean, the real driver of the Commercial Truck margins has been revenue. And so, if you think about that on a decremental basis, I think on a year-over-year basis, it's actually more like 10%. And again, our typical contribution is more in the 15% to 20% range. And so, as we've seen revenue come down for the reasons we talked about, FX being the primary driver, we've been able to mitigate some of that impact through our performance initiatives. So, it's just been a bigger revenue decline in the Truck segment, which has had a bigger impact on the margin, but performance is still mitigating that.
Kevin Nowlan: I think I would just say that, overall, we're driving toward 10% from a full company basis and I know there's a lot of focus on the Aftermarket & Trailer in the performance that it delivered. And I would tell you that if you look at the full year performance of that business at 14%, we're expecting to see even a little bit of improvement into 2016 on that. But you should expect for the whole company to be up 50 basis points, we need some contribution coming from really both segments.
Kevin Nowlan: It would and that effective tax rate actually already contemplates the fact that there are some non-cash tax expenses in that number. So, if I look ahead to 2016, and we expect those jurisdictions where we just reversed the valuation allowances to generate income tax expense in the upcoming year north of $10 million, that's part of our effective tax rate guidance of 15%. If you were to strip out the fact that that $10 million or so is actually non-cash, an equivalent tax rate on more of that cash basis would be more like 10%. So, we are seeing that headwind in the 15% guidance number that we're providing you. And the cash basis is actually something lower.
Kevin Nowlan: Absolutely. So, if that happens, we would have a – let's say, for instance, we had a jurisdiction like the U.S. where we have a lot of deferred tax assets and large valuation allowances. If we reverse those valuation allowances, we would generate a substantial one-time book income tax benefit. And then we would start booking tax expense through the EPS line on a going-forward basis on future earnings. But we would continue to recognize the cash benefit associated with monetizing those deferred tax assets, we think into the early part of next decade. So, we think there's a real substantial benefit for us to continue to realize whether those valuation allowances are reversed or not.
Kevin Nowlan: It includes those that we've executed today. So it includes the $20 million that we executed in the month of October, but nothing looking forward beyond that.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I mean, clearly you can see what our expectations are as it relates to revenue with revenue slightly down and you would expect that and we would expect that, overall, revenue is not going to be a positive contributor for EBITDA performance in the year, which just tells you that where we're expecting to see the EBITDA improve on a year-over-year basis and where margins improve is really coming from our performance initiatives: material performance, labor and burden performance, continued discipline around cost management including our legacy costs, all of those things are the types of things that we expect to continue to drive. And remember, the last two years, we've driven 230 basis points of improvement with revenue down. And so what we're suggesting this year is, hey, we are expecting to see another challenging market just like we've seen in the last couple of years. But once again, we're expecting to drive the same types of performance to improve our margins 50 basis points in the year.
Kevin Nowlan: What I would say is, I mean, where we stand right now, obviously, we've indicated that we're going to have achieved $275 million of the $385 million of new business wins in the 2016 P&L, which just tells you that the other $110 million or so is coming after 2016. Not prepared to provide any more specific detail than that as we look to what years those hit, 2017, 2018, et cetera. But we would expect to provide more color on that at Analyst Day in December in terms of what our revenue outlook is as we look beyond 2016.
Kevin Nowlan: That's global. That's global. And it's predominantly – the underfunded position is predominantly in the U.S. We're actually overfunded a little bit in the United Kingdom on a U.S. GAAP basis. But on a blended basis, we're a little bit over $100 million underfunded globally. And you'll see those specific numbers when we file our 10-K which is slated to go out I think about a week from today.
