Chris Villavarayan: Good morning. Thank you for joining the call today to discuss Meritor's fourth quarter and full year 2021 results. Once again, we delivered solid financial performance. We achieved our full year outlook for adjusted EBITDA margin and exceeded adjusted diluted EPS guidance by $0.23, while simultaneously expanding our reach into electrification. We accomplished this during significant supply chain disruption and labor issues in the United States. I want to thank the Meritor team and supply partners for working closely with our customers to optimize production and delivery. As shown on Slide 3, we had good conversion on higher revenue as global demand snapped back. Extraordinarily high input costs obviously impacted our margin for the quarter and the year, but all things considered, we're extremely pleased with the result. Let's turn to Slide 4. While the circumstances were demanding, we remained intently focused on safety, quality and delivery. We ended the year with strong metrics that give us a path to achieve our M2022 goals. With 50% of our facilities having zero recordable incidents in the year, I commend these teams for the work they did to maintain a safe working culture in a challenging environment. Our excellent quality for the year resulted in customer PPM of 23. Four of our facilities and three of our joint venture operations received the Daimler Masters of Quality Award, which recognizes outstanding suppliers with scores for quality, delivery, technology and cost performance. We're proud to say that including this year, we have earned 55 Masters of Quality Awards from Daimler over the years. We believe this level of quality differentiates us in the industry, as does our delivery rate of 96% this year. While not as high as a typical year where we consistently run 99%, we view this as an accomplishment considering the prolonged supply and labor disruption the industry is experiencing. As the commercial vehicle industry advances towards electric vehicles, we view every prototype agreement, collaboration and partnership as an important opportunity. Each one is a validation of our technology solution that could lead to a production contract as customers finalize their market strategies and architecture choices. Every quarter this year, we announced new agreements to expand our customer base and for electrification. This quarter is no exception. Please turn to Slide 5. First, Axos is electric mobility company that designs and manufactures medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks that travel on last mile back-to-base routes of less than 200 miles per day. Under a prototype agreement, Axos will evaluate and test Meritor's ePowertrain with the intention of taking it to production in future platforms. We also have a new collaboration with Electra commercial vehicles. Meritor will work with Electra to bring electrified commercial vehicles to Europe city centers, integrating Meritor's electric powertrain into an IVECO-based road sweeper application will allow Electra to replace its remote drive conversion solution and test a more efficient and compact electric powertrain. With Meritor's technical architecture, Electra can maximize the space for batteries, which will allow the vehicles to sweep more road surface in a single shift. Finally, we're proud to be a part of the U.S. Department of Energy Super Truck 3 program in collaboration with PACCAR. The goal of this program is to develop zero-emission medium-and heavy-duty trucks. Let's go to Slide 6 for a look at the significant number of diverse electrification agreements we have announced in fiscal 2021. From production awards to prototypes, medium duty to heavy, we're growing through new and existing customer relationships. In 2020, we announced the PACCAR and Volkswagen electrification production program. This fiscal year, as compared to fiscal 2020, we've more than tripled the value of new EV wins and further diversified our customer base. We're also growing our opportunities in the medium-duty application space. Here, we historically have not had a large share. We have now booked electrification business of almost $0.5 billion. On Slide 7, we wanted to recap the important activity in our core business during the year. We extended contracts with Navistar and IVECO and secured new business with industrial and truck customers in India and the United States. We're on track to exceed our M2022 new business win target by approximately $100 million. Keep in mind, we expect the sustained growth of our core business to fund the growth of our electrification business as the customer base and product portfolio continues to grow. I will now turn it over to Carl for the financial details.
Chris Villavarayan: As Carl stated, our guidance ranges for this fiscal year are wider than usual due to the volatility we have grown accustomed to in the past few quarters. However, we are focused on delivering excellent financial results. Slide 11 provides M2022 highlights. We're particularly excited about the growth we see and plan to achieve in our core business and advanced technology. Meritor recognizes the future is electric. Our success in 2021 and our legacy in the commercial vehicle and brake business will position us well to capitalize on the growing adoption of electric vehicles around the world. As we look at the next decade, we expect the rate of adoption to dramatically increase heading towards 2030. And as the market shifts to electric powertrains, we believe Meritor's content per vehicle will grow significantly. Please turn to Slide 12. We hope you will join us for Meritor's Virtual Strategy Day on December 7. At that time, we will dimension our growth expectations as the industry transforms to electrification and share exciting new business wins with you. Following that event, we will have a live Q&A. So please mark that on your calendars. We will now take your questions.
Chris Villavarayan: So I'll take that one. And just if you break it up, steel is mostly contractual. So we have that on average somewhere between 75% to 80% as passed through. There's obviously the lag associated with when we have that recovery. Most of the conversations are most -- are on the freight side, as Carl mentioned, that is something that is not covered. And so those negotiations, as you could imagine, are obviously difficult, but our customers understand it, especially when you think about numbers where freight has gone up 400% to 500% depending on which region and the type of freight. So we've had those -- we've started those conversations early. We've continued to have those conversations, though difficult. What I would say, Joe, is at the end of the day, our customers need us healthy. So we've been able to work with them. And as we see going into '22, those costs continue to rise. So we will have to continue to have those conversations.
Chris Villavarayan: So let me take that one. We don't usually provide the granularity by customer, Joe. What we're doing is essentially taking the full basket or the full revenue that we have from all our customers and risk adjusting, and that's what you see. However, in terms of, let's call it, timing, that's something that we will provide when you call in on December 7.
Chris Villavarayan: And so on the second half, Matt, if you think about it, I would say Q4 for us was probably one of our most challenging quarters thinking about labor coming with the -- obviously, the impact of the Delta variant as well as the inability to really get a good view of the line rates because of the impacts of the semiconductor shortages. So we were seeing quite a bit of sporadic shutdowns through Q4. We do see that normalizing in Q1. So our OEs have adjusted line rates based more from the visibility they have ahead of them, and that's provided us the ability to then appropriately staff. One of the other things we have done and it's a true testament of the Meritor the employees of Meritor is we were able to respond, in many cases, by moving some of our salaried folks to respond into the plants. And as we think through some of our strategies at least stabilizing through the next quarter, those are some of the, let's call it, the elements that we continue to deploy.
Chris Villavarayan: Yes, I'd love to. So perfect. So I think Blue Horizon -- under Blue Horizon, we captured both our ePowertrain as well as, let's call it, the full system with the full system, which is where we provide the PACCAR, the battery system as well as the ePowertrain, which we're launching with PACCAR, we're all aligned to go into production at the end of this year. So we're in great shape there. And then with the which is -- 14Xe, which is the ePowertrain, we announced obviously the two prototype announcements today. So that stream continues to build, and we look forward to talking more about it on our Strategy Day on the 7.
Chris Villavarayan: Well, it's a great question, Ryan. I think when you think about the size and scale it isn't something that we can truly absorb when we think about the business. I mean you come to a point where it becomes detrimental over time. So for us, the -- conceptually, when you look at the other elements and you've identified them well, whether it's power and portions of labor, we certainly will be looking to pass some of these on to our customers. We've started with freight because that was the most significant discussion we've had, but we certainly have had other baskets we've started discussing with our customers. As we look at the last year and just preparing for the next year, you know that a significant portion of this needs to be moved out of the business. We started early coming into the pandemic by reacting -- by adjusting our headcount as well as looking at all nondiscretionary costs. So we've done quite a bit of, let's call it, internal work. But when it comes to a point where you have increases of 200% to 500%, we certainly will be looking to have conversations with our customers.
Chris Villavarayan: So when it comes to -- so I'll break the question into two parts. When it comes to our full-time employees, I would say that retention has been still quite good. And it's -- part of it, Ryan, is the, let's call it, the legacy of Meritor's 110 years of Rockwell heritage. And on average, when I look through our facilities, we have employees somewhere in that 14 to 17 years that are full time. So we've been -- we've done a great job in retaining those employees, and those employees based on the brand and the fact that they've worked with the same team and the same company have provided that level of loyalty, and we've seen very little issues on the retention side there. Specific to the temp side, the temp ratio is lower than what we have had previously. And that is, as you could imagine, the same pressures that we're experiencing in -- that the industry is experiencing. So we are -- the way we've been attempting to fix that is by, obviously, bringing down our temp ratio, and that's how we've addressed that. Overall, our full time, let's call it, retention is up running north of 96%.
Chris Villavarayan: Sure. Yes, I think on R&D, we are currently assuming about 2% R&D as a percent of sales is kind of what's in the modeling and the forecast embedded in our guidance. And then as it relates to just those discussions, whether it's freight, steel, in some cases as well because we don't always recover 100%, I think it's just -- we do build certain assumptions in there. But I would say what's happening is the pricing continues to change, and we're still seeing that kind of run up. And so those discussions are just extremely critical for us. And so at this point, we will be driving to achieve everything from all customers as it relates to the pricing actions that we need to deliver on as we go forward. And we've had some success to date. But in this rising inflationary environment, especially on some of these costs, they continue to run. So there's more work and discussions we need to have.
Carl Anderson: Sure. It's Carl. I can address that question. Yes, as we look at the incrementals going into 2022, a couple of things to keep in mind. I would say kind of just on base revenue, our expectation now with all of the actions we've executed over the last several years is that we will be north of 20% conversion on that incremental revenue. In addition to the footprint consolidation of $12 million to $15 million tailwind, we also expect to drive significant continued operational performance in the business as well. So that would be an additional up to $30 million plus of operational improvement, and we are also planning for less incentive compensation expense in 2022. So that all will box you to the higher margin in an absolute sense.
Carl Anderson: Yes. I think obviously, we're driving to achieve the 75% for this year in 2022. And we will obviously provide an update in a couple of weeks at our Strategy Day in a little bit more detail. But the expectation, just given the improved overall balance sheet and what we expect from working capital, I think it would be a fair assumption we should be driving that number north of 75% as we go forward.
Carl Anderson: Yes, as we're seeing -- as we look at kind of just global freight index since -- just in the fourth quarter alone. So this is -- if I go back to when we last talked to you back in July and where we are now, we have seen freight costs increase 50% since that time period. So I think that continues to be a near-term short-term headwind in the business. But as we kind of go forward, there are actions that we addressed in the call, especially with the aftermarket business around pricing that we expect to go into effect in the -- our second quarter. So you should start seeing that normalize a little bit further as we get out of this first quarter.
Carl Anderson: No, it is affecting both segments, we are seeing that. Obviously, we have pass-through mechanisms on our steel, we do not have that in freight. So that is something that we have to -- have further discussions with our customers on for pricing.
Carl Anderson: Joe, yes, I think there a couple of other areas in addition to footprint, as I mentioned earlier, would be we are expecting lower incentive compensation. So that was a -- so call that in around that $10 million type of range year-over-year. And then additionally, our expectation is we will continue to drive significant material performance into the business on a year-over-year basis. So I think those are kind of the key drivers for us to -- for that bridge.
Carl Anderson: Thanks, Matt. I'll take the first question and turn it over to Chris for the second. As it relates to the inflation for the workforce that we're seeing, it is embedded in our guidance right now. I think it is definitely obviously increasing depending on where we're operating and what we're in, but I would say it's fully reflected in what our guidance is from an assumption perspective. So I'll turn it over to Chris.
Carl Anderson: So we've actually broken up -- I'll break that into two elements. So the full powertrain where we build the PACCAR, the battery system and the axle, there, we have -- that is through our acquisition in TransPower. We have two buildings, and we're constantly looking at expanding our capacity there as we see that business growing. When it comes to our ePowertrain just the axle -- the integrated axle, here, what we are doing -- we have been able to integrate it into our manufacturing sites in North Carolina between Asheville and Forest City. So here, we feel that we have enough capacity to be able to respond to the market as we see it over the next few years.
Carl Anderson: Well, that's a great question. I'd love to answer that one. So when you take out -- so when you think about it, we have historically been on the heavy side. And so we started off with the 14Xe. And so if you think about Lion highly on Autocar, PACCAR, that's been the 14Xe. But the best part about our, let's call it, [indiscernible] into electrification is the wins on the medium-duty side. And so as you guys know, historically, we have had about 15% share here, and we've been winning here. So as we think about Class 7, Class 6, this is Volta, which is Hexagon, and that's where we see significant growth. And it's just been a true testament to the product that we've brought to the market right now. So we have the 14Xe that comes to Class 7 or the bottom end -- the top end of medium duty or the bottom end of heavy. And so that's what both Volta and Hexagon are using. And beyond that, we have the 12Xe that we plan to bring to the market in '23 as well as our agreement with Electric, which helps us get us into, let's call it, the top end of Class 5, Class 6 and 7. So it's not that we decided on, let's call it, a sequential strategy. We came up with parallel strategies on the medium side, and it's great to see that we're winning.
Carl Anderson: Yes. As we look at it, we -- as I mentioned, we had about a $70 million headwind in '21 compared to 2020 expectations. I don't know if we'll claw all the way back, but I would say we should definitely see a $50 million-plus improvement in working capital on a year-over-year basis.
