James Hopkins: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins’ results for the third quarter of 2020. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith; and our President and Chief Operating Officer, Tony Satterthwaite. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available on the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and media. With that out of the way, we will begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
James Hopkins: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourselves to one question and a related follow-up, and if you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we're now ready for our first question.
James Hopkins: Yeah. And David, from a revenue impact of that, we've talked broadly before, both between the emissions content in China and in India. That will be roughly $600 million of incremental revenue, and that primarily hits our component segment. I think in addition to that, Tom mentioned in his remarks excitement about the endurant transmission that we're selling 1,000 units out in the second half of this year. We'll see continued growth of that product in China next year, which will provide customers with even improved fuel economy and hopefully to more market share gains. And so I think that is also some self-help as we look into 2021.
James Hopkins: Yes. Ross, so on the mining engine sales side, as you mentioned, third quarter revenues were very similar to second quarter in the mining overall. And as you mentioned, we continue to see relatively stable demand in miners that are going to be focused more on iron ore and copper and continued weak demand along the coal side of things. But we were flat sequentially on the mining revenues.
James Hopkins: Yes. Oil and gas, very de minimis. So sales in North America at this point on the oil and gas side for new engines, almost nothing. And we've also continued to see very weak demand in oil and gas markets in relation to rebuilds, really kind of highlighting the fact that there are rigs that are not currently being utilized in the market.
Mark Smith: You'll remember that we implemented a temporary salary reductions in the middle of April, Steve. So when you do the math, it's about $165 million of full year lower expenses in 2020. Obviously, that will not repeat. We've restored those salaries in the fourth quarter. The restructuring, I mean, is embedded in our solid decremental margins. And again, we don't have any further major restructuring actions in place, but we have captured the benefits of that $250 million to $300 million in the current year as anticipated.
Mark Smith: Yeah. I think, just at this point, so it's a very -- I understand the question. It's just too early even to assess our market conditions next year. But you will -- you can see from our results today that we're pushing on all the levers, productivity gains that we can. It's just too early beyond the obvious items to comment much on next year.
Mark Smith: So the strength in international market, all being flat, lower down to China, right. There really wasn't any strength to speak of elsewhere in terms of year-over-year growth. There was steady recovery in some markets. But any part of our business that touch China, whether within the component business, even our construction business, within the engine business, data center orders for the power systems, anything that touch China was pretty much up year-over-year. And so that's really what – you're all flat international revenues for the quarter. It's typical currently that we see some seasonal weakening going into the third – into the fourth quarter every year in China. So we still expect relative to prior year, strong demand but weaker sequentially, primarily impacting the components business since all – pretty much all of their revenue was consolidated, and then to a lesser extent, the Engine business. So that's the primary market where we're expecting some seasonal declines. And then yes, truck production build rates, I think, are largely set for the fourth quarter. And then yes, on parts, what we saw in the second quarter was particularly some weaker demand in the bus market, truck parts, particularly on newer model, heavy-duty truck was stable in the third quarter, and we expect steadily improving parts demand in subsequent quarters. The big factor is really China easing, and we're not expecting rapid further acceleration in truck demand right now.
Mark Smith: Yes. I think we've made it clear, we're not trying to hold cash a little -- being cautious this year but I think Tom has made it clear going forward.
Mark Smith: I'll just say, Adam, the other thing we look at is really the parts consumption, because in prior cycles, this one may not be the same as prior cycles. In prior cycles, we've had a pretty good run of accelerating parts consumption before orders sustainably stepped up. So that's something, we're watching closely by segment and end market. And that should give you some indication from us and other participants in future quarters.
Mark Smith: Thanks, Adam. Really good question. I think on the one end, of course, we're always driving for more improvement, but I would say that our expenses at 1.8% or 1.9% of sales for this year have run below expectations. And the principal drivers of the warranty performance are field performance of existing products, field campaigns, and then over a longer period of time, changing emission regulations and then the launch of new products. So – you're right, the launch of new products will continue. We typically start those with higher warranty rates. And this year, the number of field campaigns has been below normal. So we would expect even some tick up in the fourth quarter. And yes, probably, we shouldn't be looking in 1.8% for now as a run rate. So yeah, we'll provide you with an update on that when we get into next year, some tick up from here should be expect – we even expected something this quarter. But that's where we are right now.
Mark Smith: Yes. The numbers will be what the numbers will be, Jerry. I mean we've been very focused on cost. And then Tony and the team are on this incredible ramp back up again. But let's just use the pickup truck market as an example. If you just said at Q3 in isolation, you would see that, that's in the top 10 quarters in history of pickup truck engine demand. But if you do look back at Q2, you would say it's 0, right? So you just can't normalize everything that happened in Q3 and say, flat means everything is flat. So I think there will be some rebalancing in some markets. But again, we'll see where it is. Our focus is on cost and delivery and then delivering the calendar results that go with whatever volume were thrown them.
Mark Smith: Yeah. I'll just make a couple of comments, and then James can maybe give you some numbers. But I think this, kind of, couple of dynamics. One, so there's the potential -- or the expectation of higher content for the components business on a consolidated revenue basis. As the emissions regulations are rolled out, that's kind of a given, given that we saw -- we specify the after-treatment systems are an integral part of our engine system design. James will give you the numbers in a moment. We hope then, as we move in through these more advanced missions regulations, that we can continue to pick up share. We feel like our NS VI products have been well received. And our penetration of photon has already been really accelerating over the last couple of years. We're already up to 80%. And it's encouraging to see photons been picking up some share as well. So yes, we're optimistic about, if we set aside the market, which, of course, markets do drive earnings as well, but our position and our ability to add self-help there. And James, you can maybe quantify the revenues.
Mark Smith: Yes. I mean, there's really three main things. There's – you've got the $90 million – it's likely there's some increase in the warranty expense in the fourth quarter. And then, as I said in my prepared remarks, we trued up our variable compensation in the third quarter to catch up for our higher expectation. So I think it's unlikely now that we'll be showing up again in the fourth quarter. JV income, despite all the comments just passed, directionally, I would expect that still to be a little bit lighter in China, just based on seasonality. It's still very strong, just to be clear, year-over-year, but just weaker into the fourth quarter. So those are really the big moving parts. And other than the volume – and we've converted that well when we've received it this year.
Mark Smith: It is a first statement, and it would benefit a number of businesses, but particularly distribution, yes.
Mark Smith: And let me add my thanks to James. I really appreciate your attention. I'm sorry that I did not invite my dog [ph] to this quarterly call. I'll try t include her on future calls, but it was nice to have a noise-free call. Thank you very much for your attention. Bye-bye.
Tony Satterthwaite: Yes, I would just add Jamie, you know, revenue has been a little weaker in this downturn and DBU than previous downturns. And so we've been really pleased with the cost performance and the restructuring and focusing going forward is going to be on how do we see better revenue growth as that business comes back? And how do we gain some share in the parts and service business in particular? So that's what we're looking for more about how do we get that business back to a higher revenue level than necessarily trying to get margins up.
Tony Satterthwaite: That has been our goal. That's what we said when we launched this transformation program. So that's what we're trying to do is keep them in the double-digit level going forward. That's our goal. Yes.
Tony Satterthwaite: Sure, Adam. We're all waiting. Sorry. We're not together, Adam. So this is Tony. Yes. It's been very pleasing to see the growth, particularly in the last couple of months. I think the thing to remember is that the virus is still with us. And although we are very encouraged, I also think we're very cautious about how the market is going to play out next year. I do think that there is a view that demand is higher, the newer trucks and newer products are definitely working better. We get really good feedback from customers. And we've got new products coming out next year that meet the latest greenhouse gas emissions for EPA 2021. So we're excited with the products we have on offer. Our OEM customers are feeling pretty bullish. But at the same time, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. And so we're just -- we're trying to be prudent. We're trying to keep our eye on all the things going on and make sure that we are ready if things come in stronger and we're prepared if things all of a sudden take a downturn. So the main characteristic of this COVID environment is unpredictability and volatility. And so we're just trying to be ready for that as best we can.
Tony Satterthwaite: Hey, Joe, I'll go first. I think we did some of that last year, right? So we ended production of one of our engine platforms in the pickup market in North America, which not only – we took a charge this time last year, but that's also improved our operating performance year-over-year, and similarly in one of the transmission lines of business. So yeah, we're always looking at things like that. But I would say, don't see any major changes like that. But there's always some opportunity to trim and prune and improve we would never.
Tom Linebarger: Yes, it's Tom. I mean just to make sure I get them – you get the math right. So our view that we are already in double digits, while facing -- yes, we had some cost -- temporary cost measures that helped, but we had way more headwinds with regard to both sales and then parts and service decline. So our view is that, that we are on our plan despite pretty heavy headwinds. So we are not only feeling good about where we are, but we're more confident than ever that we're going to be in double-digit margins from now forward. So again, you can imagine some scenarios with COVID that would make it so you might have a quarter or 2 that weren't. But broadly speaking, our view is the restructuring stuff has gone better than we expected. So we – as Tony said, that was our target, and we feel like we're ahead of target. So that's just -- on the cash side, I'll let Mark fill in some more. But I mean, broadly speaking, we've definitely acted conservatively from a balance sheet this year to protect ourselves against the worst potential outcomes -- economic outcomes from the pandemic. So we've shored up the balance sheet with our debt offering, low cost financing, our cash flow has improved dramatically. So we feel good about the position the company is in and expect, barring some significant change in economic conditions, to return to our cash flow plans that we've been operating under for many years. So our plan is to go back to returning as a normalized level, half of our cash flow in dividends and share buybacks. We still have to take all that stuff to the Board. We have to finish our planning work for next year. There's a lot of work left to do. And of course, there's still a pandemic. So we'll keep watching and paying attention. But right now, as we see it, that's where we're headed. Mark, I don't know what you would add.
Tom Linebarger: I think – it's Tom. I can step in on that. I mean, for sure, in the second quarter, we were on pause a little bit, making sure that our balance sheet was shored up. But with all the potential outcomes, we took a pause. But things, as I mentioned to Jamie's question, I think things have begun to normalize, at least economically to a place where we feel pretty secure in our balance sheet. And we're looking at restarting our cash flow return, and we will -- of course, we have continued actively looking at the strategic areas where acquisitions would be interesting to us. You probably wrote a call from our previous calls or Investor Day that we kind of start with strategy first, acquisition second. So we think through what are the areas that we'd like to expand in. And we've talked about those before, but they're all the areas where we feel like our competitive advantages, the things that we bring in terms of technology, global footprint, supply chain, that sort of thing, help us move forward. And then, of course, our new technology areas, the acquisitions like we did with Hydrogenics and battery companies, those were to add new capabilities. So, we're continuing to look in those same areas. I think maybe the one comment I would make is that I expected, given the disruption for valuations to be lower today, so I was -- as you -- kind of like the basis of your question, I expect it, maybe disruption would cause valuations to drop out a little bit. That's actually not happened so much. It doesn't mean that it won't happen, but -- and it's maybe because of the private equity dollars are so large. But I would say as we look around using disciplined method to look at what acquisition would mean for our company. I still see acquisition prices relatively lofty. So, we'll continue to look, and we're continuing to talk to people and look for the right thing. But we will just -- we'll remain disciplined and look for the right things at the right price, and we find it, we'll act. And if we don't, we'll return more cash to shareholders just like we planned.
Tom Linebarger: Jerry, here's the thing. I would say that every customer that we're talking to is doing exactly that pencil sharpening calculations that you talked about. It's a really different environment than it was 10 or 15 years ago, or the calculations were maybe the opposite about how to backward integrate more. Mostly what I hear is maybe backward integrate less. But that said, there's no deal until there's a deal, right? So, again, I can't really preannounce or suggest anyone who's going to go because they're -- they're difficult decisions for them to figure out what they want to continue and what they don't. I feel very optimistic that we'll play an increasing role with our major customers on selling them more diesel engines, providing them more components technology in the future than the past. So, I expect market share increase in the future based on the fact that they will decide that their money be spent elsewhere. Exactly where and when, again, I just -- I can't get ahead of my customers on those conversations, but we're talking with everybody about it. We're excited about it. And they have a lot of strategic considerations to make as do we. So, these conversations are complicated in -- and take time. But anyway, there you are. We're in it for sure, and we're -- and I'm confident that we will win increased share.
Tom Linebarger: And Jerry as Tony said, we are encouraged by tough market. As these clients said to us, all of customers are projecting stronger volumes which is great for us. So yes we are always cautious, because that’s how we live. But nonetheless we are encouraged by their comments and their vehicles to the market, they are watching fleet customer and what they're ordering, and we're hearing good things from the fleets, too. So yes, we are very encouraged. In China, while we expect seasonal demand, we don't expect a gigantic drop off. We just expect seasonal demand normal. It's just the thing is flying so high now that -- again, we just remain cautious. So just don't hear from us discouragement. We are – the markets are going well, and we're surprised and pleased by how strong they are, and we're encouraged by those. We're just trying to make sure that we balance our enthusiasm with the cautious attitude that's appropriate for a global pandemic.
Tom Linebarger: Well, within China, there are a number of moving parts, David that will add to the complexity. We're expecting a bigger step-up in the penetration of NS VI products. What that will happen to demand. The take up is all to be figured out there. So yeah, we're not in a position right now to give you 2021. I guess Q3 margins were higher than normal for a couple of the factors that we've laid out. But we're still going through our planning cycle for next year as we speak. So not as we speak, but after we speak here, we'll be back on that again here shortly. So it's just too early to say, given everything that's going on. Look, I would just say we are very pleased with performance of the engine business and the fact that they were able to deliver such strong margins in this very, very challenging environment. And I think it speaks to the strength of the global franchise and the scale we've got in multiple markets, obviously, North America and China has been primary. But yeah, we're not ready to give guidance next year. I appreciate you're asking. We'll look forward to giving an update with Q4 earnings.
Tom Linebarger: David, this is Tom. As you kind of think through the model, the numbers for this year are so high in the truck market. This is what Mark's saying that right now, it's just hard for us to do that. The weighing one or the other because we know what the content is. We know we've won the share with. We even have forecast for how we think it converts over to NS VI and what growth we see in transmissions. The challenge is just what's the overall market going to be. And we were wrong this year. I mean just to say it straight out, we had pretty balanced assumptions about how well this year would be, and we've been wrong every single quarter on the low side. It's been better than every single quarter. So that's why we're just a little gun shy about doing the overall balance for you. We will do it, of course, when we get done with fourth quarter earnings. But I just would say that, we're hopeful that we can offset a downturn with a lot of these other content pieces, but it just depends on how big the slope down is.
Tom Linebarger: So yes, you're right about it. You're right, David. It is an open question, and I appreciate your comments, and I do acknowledge that I have been calling it down more than it has been. So I'll just take that one – and accept it. That hasn't been right. And so anyway, I think it's a good point you raise.
Tom Linebarger: Yes. And we hope the volume being higher in the North America truck market is net positive towards incremental margins, too. It's a good market for us. And we're operating at a reasonably efficient level, especially given all the challenges as COVID. We're operating at a good level on North American truck market. So we're hopeful that, that also helps us some.
Tom Linebarger: And, Ross, maybe just stepping back, I would just say that from a mining point of view, I don't think we see it as a structurally challenged market. Well, it's challenged in the following sense. There tends to be over shots and under shots a lot in the market. You know that well, and you know a lot of mining companies overshot by a lot in the last cycle and really got knocked back hard. And so needless to say, they're all being careful, not overshooting now, which has meant that equipment buying has been more muted, even in good markets, than it was in the previous cycle. So our expectation of the cycle was that it wasn't going to be as good as the last one, I'm sure enough it hasn't been at all. And of course, just general economic demand being dampened, confidence in future demand being dampened by the pandemic has meant that mining is indeed slow. And I think it really won't get a lot stronger until there's confidence built in global economic growth, which means the end of the pandemic. I mean really, I just don't see a way that it changes. Energy is a whole another conversation and energy has a lot more structural challenge to it, but I'm not the right one to answer it. As you say, we have a participation there, not a huge one. And so, I think, it's better for someone else to comment on that. But it looks more structurally challenged to me than some of the other markets.
Tom Linebarger: Great. Thank you for that. So, again, I just wanted to say thanks to everyone for taking the time to call in today. Appreciate that, as always, and for your continued interest in Cummins. And I'll be available for any follow-up questions here this afternoon.
