David Leiker: Chip, on Slide 10, I was wondering if we could dig through that a little bit, if there's any way you can characterize a couple of things. How much of this new business here is new business to Meritor versus replacing existing contracts? If you can give us any idea of an aggregate, the revenue impact of that, and then the timing? And I think, at some of those, you talked about whether you're in production now or not. But the timing of when you -- when that hits the revenue line.
David Leiker: And could you put any revenue number on that? I mean, you've been focused all along on getting the business and the footprint right. This is really the first time there's organic revenue that we're talking about, and if you could characterize that in any fashion would be great.
David Leiker: Yes, I appreciate that. I guess, I'm trying to get the context of what the revenue is now versus 2 years. Just -- is it higher or lower? What are the margins...
Charles G. McClure: Well, a fair amount of this is actually new incremental business in different markets. If you look just kind of quickly down the MeritorWABCO anti-lock braking system now being standard is one that's been an ongoing project that -- with Navistar that way. If I look at the green axles, and India's another example, we're really kind of bringing some of our latest technologies to India that way. We'd certainly be -- 2 new ones out in those arenas. And the Aftermarket & Trailer one, I think the important thing, as you look at that, is just the fact that we've really taken our aftermarket footprint that has been very successful here in North America, transferred that to Europe. And what we're highlighting in the bottom couple of bullet points there is doing the same thing in Singapore and South America. So that truly is new business and new market opportunities as we look at it that way.
Charles G. McClure: Yes. I don't know if I can really characterize it in detail. Obviously, the disc brake is new business that way. The JLTV is one that, obviously, is in the future that way. But, Dave, I think it'll be difficult to go much beyond that at this point.
Charles G. McClure: Yes, we clearly continue to do that and I think you did just hit on one of them when you talk about the action we did take place in Europe earlier this year, recognizing the softness we're seeing in Europe. And yes, we will continue to do that. On the materials side, we continue to look at our direct material optimization programs to try and address that. We look at all factors of our cost. It's certainly not our position today to kind of give any specific numbers, but that is something we continue to do. I think a real credit to the team as we did see the softness in the markets and have been able to respond nicely. So I really do credit the organization for being aligned in doing that quickly. So suffice it to say, we'll continue to do that to make sure we respond accordingly to the market dynamics out there.
Charles G. McClure: Well, actually, what we are able to do is -- yes, we have talked about that the last couple of years. As we made the investment on the manufacturing side, we want to make sure the manufacturer was much more flexible. I'll use the Americas as an example. And yes, we have the ability both ways, in a lot of ways when we have the strong market in South America, we were actually taking some of the capacity we had here in North America to provide there, and we continue to do it both ways. So what it's doing is -- if I look at it right now is, specifically, as we're seeing the softness in South America, it's actually truing up capacity in North America for us to support the strength in North America. So it's -- we do have the flexibility to do that. In this specific case you're bringing up, Tim, it actually has freed up some of the capacity we've had here in North America that allows us to do that, to support the actual manufacturer up here. Then on the brake side, clearly, we are taking advantage of that from Brazil. So it was a combination of both, but at the end of the day, the flexible manufacturing footprint we have allows us to do that now.
Charles G. McClure: That is very fair to say. If you look at it. Clearly, in Europe, disc brakes are very strong there. Here in North America, a lot of it is still drum brake. With the latest legislation, FMVSS last year of the stopping distance, our drum brakes were able to perform even with the reduced stopping distance. And part of what you have here, in particular, is the fleet's really -- if they can keep the current products and service and parts inventory, which lean toward drum brakes, they will certainly do that. But I think, overall, as you look at it, at least in the short, medium term, there'll still be a low percentage. But having said that, you are starting to see more of a global perspective on the brake side, which I think will drive over time to more disc brakes. But as you've said, Tim, I think you're right, as it'll still be a lower percentage here in North America.
Charles G. McClure: The answer is yes, I feel very good about the actions we've taken and the alignment that way and the response we've even done in the more recent softening of the market, so I feel very good about that. And kind of as we talked and you kind of look at the different market dynamics kind of around the world, but from a operating perspective, I feel very comfortable with it. As I kind of indicated, the question is what happens in North America, the balance of the year with the order intake. I do think that as you look at Brazil and China, in particular, it's not a matter of if, but when they come back. Europe, I think, is a longer question that way. And I think India, as I indicated, will continue to make investments in infrastructure and other things to address that. So as I look going into 2013, I feel, from an internal operating point of view -- I feel very good and comfortable with the actions that have been taken to do that. And clearly, the results of this quarter and last quarter have kind of indicated, even with soft markets, we've been able to do that. And essentially, what we're doing is, as you look at that, even as we look at our planning, we're actually developing other plans for not a significant rebound, some of these markets early in '13 anyway. So I think we are positioned well for that.
Charles G. McClure: Yes, Ryan, this is Chip. Let me go and start with that, and let me start with South America. As I said earlier, if you look at it, there are several dynamics that I think are taking place, it's a -- it's not a matter of if, but when these markets come back. And as you look at it, I'll do it on several levels. The government clearly stepped in, and as I said in my comments, they've done some things in the past, either with tax policy and/or interest policies to try and encourage purchase of vehicles. That has -- that literally got started mid-spring, has not taken effect yet, but I think the government's willingness to do that shows a willingness to try and kind of spur that economy that way. I think the second thing that people talk about, which is really kind of the short-term kind of thing, the World Cup in '14 and the Olympics in '16, I think will have some impact. I think a bigger, long-term impact is the fact that there's been large amounts of oil discovered off the coast, and more recently, shale gas in country that I think will really position the country long-term. So if you look at that in Brazil, whether it's from the -- and, I guess, the third thing is when we just look at the age of the fleets there, there's no question on that. And a lot of our OEM customers are putting additional capacity in there. So when you look at it in Brazil, I think those are the dynamics and really does become a matter of when, not if these markets come back that will drive it that way. I will -- just one last thing on Brazil too is, it is impacted by -- because its -- one of its largest trading partners now is China. So I'll then move to China and say, that obviously, what's occurring in China more recently has had some impact on Brazil. And if I then move to China, and as Jay said, in our case, the large portion of our business in China is in the off-highway. It is in a joint venture with our partner, who is actually our major customer, so we have pretty clear visibility that way. If you go back to 2009, huge investment in infrastructure there, which I think really helped to pilot the country out of the global recession. Until recently, there wasn't as much of that investment. That investment is now starting to be put back in place by the government to try and stimulate that having a GDP that was a little lower than they wanted. I think it was a concern. I think on the flipside, they're trying to balance inflation. So when you look at it, I think a couple of things in China. One is the markets we're in, the off-highway, is driven a lot by infrastructure build; secondly, by just housing starts or building starts to a lesser extent. And then thirdly, in the mining areas I've indicated. So as you look at that, those will come back over time. It's being driven by the government. And what we're seeing more recently is increased investment in that stimulus. I think the other thing, when you look at China is also a new leadership coming in later this year, I think may drive some of the dynamics both before and after that. So again, in that market we do expect to come back. It's just -- it's a matter of when, not if. I'm just trying to figure out when that is. In India, a little bit of a different dynamic. And as we said, this has been more recent. I think even the most recent news, with the infrastructure, vis-à-vis, the grid issues they've had, I think, is highlighting the electrical grid, when I talk about it that way. And then you move to the infrastructure. I think what you will start seeing there in India is the government starting to invest more in infrastructure, both hard infrastructure vis-à-vis road and rail, which in -- for us, in India, it's more on-highway than off-highway. So I think that will help us, but that's probably a little bit of a longer road that way. And then more recently, with what's happening with the electronic -- in the electric grid, the need to strengthen that infrastructure. So I think as you look at -- in all 3 of those regions, I think government will have some influence on it, to a less extent in Brazil than in China and India. And then other dynamics, as I indicated, whether it's needing to upgrade the grid in India, expand the grid in country in China, or, as I indicated, in Brazil with the -- more with gas and oil being the driver long-term. So as you look at that long-term growth, it really just becomes a matter of, as Jay indicated, looking at short-term, what's going to happen from a global perspective.
Charles G. McClure: Well, first of all, I think, some of it was a timing issue, as I said, with the mild winter, so there's a pull ahead on the maintenance side that way. I think it's just kind of a reflection of the uncertainty in the economy in general. So I think it was more of a timing issue there. You're right, as you look at it, you look at it -- you look at Class 8 markets, the age of the fleet, it's still old. The large fleets are still buying. The large fleets still have access to capital, so all those dynamics are taking place. And really, when I talk about it, I'm talking about '12, '13, '14 as far as the time frame, of which aftermarket will follow very closely with that. So it's more 2 things: One, the timing issue would be mild winter. And then secondly, just probably a little bit of concern or uncertainty with what's happening with the economy, which, to me, as a short term is kind of going to wait and see for a short period of time.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I don't -- we do not disclose, David, separately the revenue of our military business within the Industrial segment. We have stated that the FMTV is one of our highest-margin products. And I can -- think you can see that, as you look at the margin comparison year-over-year with higher FMTV volumes and their impact on Industrial segment margins from last year. But we do not break that out separately, and actually, have been requested by some of our customers to be a little more opaque on some of what we're disclosing.
Jeffrey A. Craig: No, we mentioned that when we transitioned from BAE, we actually saw pricing declines on when we moved to providing content for Oshkosh. And if you compare it to a couple of years ago, actually, David, it's relatively flat. So I -- if you compare it to last year, it's significantly increased from the prior year.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. For the rational for the fourth quarter -- is we've been quite pleased with the investment performance of our advisors, so we saw cash flow coming in strong this quarter. And we elected to pull forward some required contributions from the fourth quarter. As far as the impact to the legislation, we think it will measurably reduce our required contributions. And as we -- when we reach the end of next quarter and provide the guidance for fiscal 2013, we'll be able to mention the impact that we're working on right now with our actuaries of that.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think we'll be choosing between that option and other delevering options. We have quite a bit of flexibility under our new revolver for pulling forward some of the bond purchases and getting some of our on-balance-sheet debt reduced. So we'll be choosing between those options and what we view to be most efficient. But certainly, if cash flow continues to come in strong, as it did this quarter, we will be taking advantage of one of those options or more.
Jeffrey A. Craig: We certainly have grown much closer to parity with -- for 2 reasons. One, the South America profits do include the profits we've rolled up from our unconsolidated JVs, so we've seen declines there that have really geometrically affected the margins coming out of South America. But on the positive side, the improvements we've made to the profitability of our European and North American truck businesses over the last 6, 9 months have really markedly increased the margins of those businesses to close that gap.
Jeffrey A. Craig: We've actually moved some projects, particularly some expansion projects we had for both China and Brazil. We've pushed those out to await just the evaluation of how long those market downturns will last. So we are not investing as quickly as we had planned in some of the expansion opportunities we saw in those markets. Those would be the 2 most significant changes we've made in CapEx planning.
Jeffrey A. Craig: We had minor true up this quarter. We're working on settlements of that case. And like many of these large cases, they tend to get settled in pieces. So as we reach final settlements with some of the plaintiffs, I think we may see some additional minor true-ups, but I, obviously, we're not expecting anything in the magnitude we saw in the second fiscal quarter when we recorded $5 million.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I have to admit, the magnitude of the declines we saw, particularly in China and India, over the last 30, 60 and 90 days, we are not certain if those markets have found their floor. I think we're feeling more confident that the Brazilian market has found its floor. In the last few months we've seen our production and sales numbers flattened out and uptick ever so slightly. But in China and India, the slowdown has been so rapid and so significant, we're just trying to make sure we know where the floor that market is before when we get all the inventory cleaned out. And then we have put in those numbers some risk indication in case North America softens towards the end of our fourth fiscal quarter. As I'm sure all of you are aware, the recent order activity has been weaker than what we believe is required to sustain current production levels. And if those orders continue weak, we think towards the back end of our fourth quarter, we may have some risks in the North American truck revenue.
Jeffrey A. Craig: If we go back to the Analyst Day presentation we gave last year, in the China and India, some portion of the Industrial segment is about 50% of the total Industrial segment. And then, if you take our Industrial segment, is roughly about 20% of the total company. I think you're talking about 10% to 15% of sales that come out of China and India for the entire corporation. And I want to go back and check all that math. That's just something that's going on off the top of my head, but it's around that order of magnitude.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think the main thing we needed was, as we've stated all year long, we needed the recovery in the back half of the emerging markets. We needed China to stay stable, which it did not, and see the spring selling season, and we needed the recovery of the Brazilian market. So basically, it was a volume issue. And you can see from the margin walk, we're getting all the execution required, and that we anticipated, we're just not getting the volume we expected. And as Chip mentioned in his portion of the call, I think as we come into fiscal '13, and looking forward when we provide guidance on that at our Analyst Day, we'll, actually, at this point in time, we're looking -- we'll probably present a scenario of what if volume stays flat for another year or so on all these markets and how will we continue our margin expansion walk that we've moved so significantly recently. So we're looking at the markets and saying, "Okay, maybe we won't get the help from the volume. And what should we be doing about it to make sure we continue on the margin expansion path?" And so we'll be presenting more of those details as we look at these markets over the next few months.
Jeffrey A. Craig: In China, we get a very good insight, because our main business, the off-highway business, is a joint venture with our primary customers, so we're in continuous contact there. We did see concerning inventory buildup of the last couple of quarters that we've mentioned. So I think we get a very good view on that. In India, somewhat less so. And you didn't ask, but in North America, we have the typical 8-, 10-, 12-week order board that were continuously reviewing with our customers.
Jeffrey A. Craig: For the full year, on a run rate basis, without further actions, it could be relatively flat. On a full year, because a lot of our margin expansion actions occurred in the second quarter, it has the potential on flat revenue to be higher, obviously, depending somewhat on mix. But it should be higher. What we talked about on the last question is, I think, what we believe is it's prudent for us to look at, what if the, if our global economic -- the markets we participate in look to be staying flat for another 12 -- or in excess of that time period, 12 months or more, what should we be working on to continue to expand margin? And we're looking at those plans now and we'll be talking more about that in our guidance in the Analyst Day.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, I think what we've stated before is about $5.2 billion of revenue is required to hit -- annually, to hit that 10%. And that's what I've been to speaking to into the last few moments. I think it's incumbent on us to look at what if that revenue level is not able to be achieved in the near future, what can we do to continue to march above the 8%, 8.5% margin level and get closer to that 10%? I think it's a little premature for us to talk about in specificity, can we do that and how? But we think, as a management team, we are required to look at that. But I -- to go back to your first comment, we're very pleased with the negative conversion number being so low on lower volume. And that's really a function of all the actions the business has executed.
Jeffrey A. Craig: It really -- the material cost hit us for early in Q1 and then continued in aftermarket and continued into Q2. We haven't really disclosed what the magnitude of that was. We do pricing in the aftermarket group in January and July. And so we think we recapture a significant portion of that right now with the additional pricing we put in place in July. So we think we're starting to claw that back to a significant degree right now. As far as the pension contributions, what we've stated previously was that we saw the higher levels of contributions we had in 2012 continuing on for a couple more years. And in fact, we thought it might be slightly higher in fiscal '13. The effect of the new legislation, along with, if we choose to make some advanced contributions at the end of the year, may change that relationship for fiscal '13 and beyond. So we'll be disclosing that towards the end of the year. And sorry to be somewhat circumspect, but it really depends on how our free cash flow comes in next year and how we choose to use that cash flow to delever.
