Chris Clulow: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins’ results for the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as the full year performance. Participating with me today are Jennifer Rumsey, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that, some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures and we will refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today’s webcast presentations are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com. With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our President and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey, to kick us off.
Chris Clulow: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have an additional question, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we’re ready for our first question.
Chris Clulow: Thank you all for your participation today. That concludes our teleconference. I really appreciate the interest. And as always, the Investor Relations team will be available for questions after the call this afternoon. Take care.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Thanks, Jerry, for the question. Yes, we are right now really focused on integrating the Meritor business, the Siemens Commercial Vehicle business and the investments that we were already making within New Power and having a number of conversations with our customers on how we bring that together to deliver those electric powertrains and components to meet their needs. So, it brings some strong products, employees as well as customer relationships, and we’re seeing growing opportunities as we have relationships at a senior more strategic level with these customers to grow our business going forward. It’s really early days at this point, so we’ll continue to talk about that as we bring those businesses together.
Jennifer Rumsey: Great. Thanks, Jamie. Let me speak first to what we’re seeing in the market. And we, of course, are paying attention to some of these macroeconomic trends. If you take just the North America truck market as a starting point, while there has been some decrease in spot rates, we still continue to see healthy freight activity and strong backlogs out through the first half, which gives us confidence that the market is going to remain strong, certainly through the first half of the year. And it’s important to note, it’s just not been a typical cycle for us because for the last two years, we’ve been undersupplying to the market demand. They’ve been using that equipment. We’re seeing that reflected in very high aftermarket demand which continues, and these new trucks provide efficiency benefits to the fleet. So, we continue to expect strong North America truck market. In the Power Systems business, again, we have a healthy backlog of products and strong demand across many of our markets. Mining, we’re forecasting to remain around flat, but growth in power generation, growth in the oil and gas business. So, we’re feeling pretty confident about that as well. The biggest uncertainty is really around China. And as I said in my comments, we do project some slow recovery throughout 2023. With the lift of the stringent lockdowns that they had in the last couple of years in December, we expect that that may result in economic strengthening and certainly, less operational disruption, but we’re still monitoring what happens with the COVID waves there, is there any government stimulus into the economy. We feel really well positioned there. We’ve launched our NS VI products, which we think will enable Cummins to grow our position in the market. We’ve launched the automated manual transmission there. We’ve got a new natural gas platform. So, we’re really well positioned as China continues to strengthen and just uncertainty on exactly what the shape of that will look like. I’ll let Mark talk about the margin question.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. We are focused on continuing to meet more stringent regulatory requirements and do so with products that will provide benefits to the environment and exceed our customer needs. We now have clarity on the EPA 2027 NOx regulations that happened late last year, and they finalize that standard at a 0.035 gram NOx. And our intention is to offer a full product lineup with our new fuel-agnostic engine platforms to meet that regulation, and we’re finalizing our product plans right now with our customers on those. But we really feel well positioned to invest in really as a part of our Destination Zero strategy, reduce CO2 and NOx impact to the environment and offer products -- market-leading products to our customers with that regulation.
Jennifer Rumsey: Just on your share, we expect to continue to grow our share in the China market with the launch of the NS VI product. So, that’s assumed in our guidance.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, the electrolyzer business is really going to drive the majority of our progress towards breakeven in ‘27 for New Power and the growth aspirations that we shared for 2030. And so, we expect during that time frame to scale up the product, the supply chain and manufacturing and continue to see growing backlog and conversion of orders into revenue. And so through that time period, you’ll see margins going positive and improving, the exact margin structure of that business is still unclear. There’s not a lot of suppliers in the market, and we expect demand to be quite strong through that time period. So, I’m optimistic on what margin structure for the business will look like. But, obviously, we’ll share more as we get towards that breakeven point and go margin positive.
Jennifer Rumsey: I mean one of the advantages we have here is we’re able to leverage our existing footprint and capability that we have as a part of the broader comment. So, you saw us announce recently, we plan to use our Fridley manufacturing facility for electrolyzer production in North America. So, we are tapping into that strength we have in our footprint and supply chain capability to help build out profitable both product as well as supply chain. And that’s an advantage that I think Cummins has here.
Jennifer Rumsey: For that business, it’s important to keep in mind, you see a very long -- we have a very long lead time on orders. So, as costs accelerated, it took a while for us to pass on some of the price increases to offset that, and that is in part what drove the strong margin improvement from ‘21 to ‘22.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So, the fuel agnostic platform, just to clarify, that’s being developed as a part of our Engine business. And as I mentioned earlier, we’ll launch a full lineup in North America of that product as a part of the 27 EPA regulation. As you’ve seen, PACCAR is integrating and plans to introduce the natural gas version, and we have customers that are very interested in that product, including with renewable natural gas, and we announced partnerships around that. We also announced a memorandum of understanding with Tata late last year on the hydrogen version of that platform. And so really, we see a lot of interest in those platforms, both as a way to improve efficiency of diesel engines and then create flexibility to move to other fuels such as natural gas or hydrogen with the platform and really minimizing the integration pair up that’s required for customers as they move between those platforms. So, we’ll begin to launch those with the natural gas version here, in North America in late ‘23, early ‘24 and then accelerate introduction in the coming years after that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So, let me just reiterate the guidance that we had within the Components business. We have $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion in revenue and EBITDA margins for the Meritor business, 10.3% to 11% compared to in 2022, that was 7.2%. And some of that is progress on price/cost in that business, operating efficiency as well as synergy cost savings.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. The power generation market really nonresidential construction as well as data centers, and despite some of the announcements that you’ve seen from our data center customers regarding staffing levels, they continue to show interest in investing in data centers and have demand and drive backup power -- demand on our products in that market. So, we are still quite bullish about the opportunities there for 2023.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. How I would describe it is, the inflation reduction act and the investments around that are really going to be key to enable the adoption rate that we anticipate is going to drive an acceleration in hydrogen investment. The details around that investment are being clarified right now. So, it’s going to take several years before you really see that translate into actual projects and business. Definitely, it’s going to drive growth in the hydrogen market in the U.S. between now and 2030 as that -- as those incentives come in place to both put the hydrogen production in place as well as drive adoption of some of these technologies, which today, frankly, just cost more. So, you need those incentives in order to start to drive customer adoption and bring down the costs and make them more viable in the market. I mean, in the short run, we’re investing more because we’re building up capacity as are others in the industry. So, the faster we go in the short run could consume more cash. But obviously, we want the market to move, and we expect to deliver good gross margins once we get this kind of investment phase. So, it could go faster. It’s quite a long incubation period, so very different from, say, our on-highway engine business, while we take an order. And then typically, we’re shipping in a few weeks. It’s not been that typical in the last 12 months versus sometimes more than a year between headline announcements to actually putting equipment into place and sometimes even more than a year. But we are encouraged, strong adoption for our technology, and yes, business is doing well on the business development side.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. We talked about this in our Analyst Day about a year ago. We expect that this transition is going to take a long time for our industry, and that positions incumbents like Cummins well because you need to invest for the long term. Regardless of what our customers are adopting, we’ve got the solution in our portfolio. And so for sure, you see the benefit of a company like us that has a portfolio of options to meet their needs, it’s going to be around for the long term and continuing to invest in some of these new technologies, be able to do that and support the product as an advantage, and it’s playing out to be more of an advantage as time goes on compared to some of the new entrants. We continue to pay attention to those new entrants though and how they advance the technology and work to enter the market. So, we wouldn’t discount them, but certainly, this long investment period makes it more challenging for them to stay in and be successful.
Mark Smith: Yes, we’ve got about 2% of price cost benefit embedded in the guidance, Jerry. That’s the biggest single driver of margin improvement.
Mark Smith: Yes. I think the main thing on the Engine business margins is that we haven’t got building a very strong recovery in China. And then the other piece that you didn’t mention, Jamie, is that we’ve got fairly sustained investments ahead of us over the next couple of years because we’re updating several of our platforms. We’ve won a lot of external business, and we’ve got to meet future emissions regulations. So, that’s the only other element that’s running through the Engine business that may not be obvious from the outside, but otherwise, we’ll expect them to do well if markets continue to be strong.
Mark Smith: I think it can definitely be better than that. We’re still battling some inefficiencies here and there Steve. We’re still expecting to have aftermarket growth over time. So no, we’re not locked into these margins. I was just trying to be clear on what the underlying factors. I’ve seen a few comments around Engine business margins, but no, I think they can go higher. Getting China, which is the world’s biggest truck market, I know the earnings come through JV, we have the lowest market in a decade. And we think we still got more share to gain there. We’ve got more content in the Components business. So, if I sit here today and say what could be the one thing that could move that could change our guidance most clearly, I would agree with Jen, it would be China, right now. We don’t have visibility. People are more enthusiastic, but the activity hasn’t yet materially picked up. So, that would be one important factor.
Mark Smith: I don’t think there’s anything significant in there, David. I mean, obviously, whether it’s consolidated or unconsolidated, trucks probably [70%] plus when you add up all of our markets. So, the truck does better, we’ll be up more than 7%. If it doesn’t, we won’t. I think for components, that’s all consolidated revenue. That’s almost entirely on-highway. It’s really the engine business that has the off-highway business of any of any size. And then, yes, I think Power Systems has been pretty strong last year in China. It has probably been the exception to what we’ve seen in every other market. But there’s no big change in dynamics.
Mark Smith: No. We did get some sizable tech fees and other things from the early part of last year, which kind of helped -- the wrong word, we were entitled to those based on product launches, but no, I don’t think there’s anything significant there.
Mark Smith: Right. So, I think the answer to that is, we’ll need to keep working that down. I think we’ve got some floating rate exposure. It’s not all fixed, and probably, the debt reduction will come in the second half of the year, but let me come back to you on that, David.
Mark Smith: Yes. Rob, one thing I’ll add is, for the gross margin on a project basis, we’re at gross margin positive last year, which is a good early indicator. We have other costs that are going in, too, for capacity expansion and other things that obviously offsets that, but it’s a good indicator that we’re on the right path for profitability as we move forward with more volume.
Mark Smith: I think there’s a little bit of improvement baked into the guidance, but we’ve got a pretty strong track record of improving. There’s no structural impediments to growing margins over time. It’s a range. So, under the different revenue scenarios, some variation, Nicole. But over the time, we expect the margins to keep going up.
Mark Smith: I think, certainly, that’s been a big factor, and we’ve got pretty healthy demand locked in now. So, there’s been a lot of focus on that business. We’ve been pleased with the solid results, particularly in the second half of this year, and we just -- we’ve got a very, very strong focus on continuing to drive…
Mark Smith: Yes. So CapEx, probably in the $100 million to $125 million range. So just under 10% of the total for the company in the New Power segment, and most -- more of that’s weighted towards electrolyzers where, of course, we’re ramping up production, albeit using existing Cummins sites, where possible and appropriate. And then, yes, I’d love to call the peak in New Power losses. They’re going to have to peak soon because we’re aiming towards breakeven in 2027 at the EBITDA level. The only caveat is, if there’s a significant change, should we invest in some new capabilities that aren’t part of our current portfolio? That’s not part of our plan today, Noah, but that would be the only variation.
Mark Smith: No. I mean, by and large, it will go along with the revenue. Unfortunately, we had a tough Q3 in 2022. So that probably gives us the easiest comp, just kind of going through by quarter, and then we started the year much stronger. So ex-JV, I think we’ll have a good first half of the year. The JV will be the biggest single swing factor. When you look at our P&L, I would think -- in the first half of the year, maybe that helps in the second. Q3 gross margins were disappointing. We’ve rebounded well in here in Q4. So yes, modestly expect first half to be stronger all in, unless revenues in the second half change direction significantly from what we’ve guided.
Mark Smith: Absolutely. Yes, we’re working very hard on that. I mean personally, along with many members of the Meritor, Cummins team. So yes, and we’ll talk about those as we go along, but yes, we’re feeling confident about that progress towards that $130 million.
Mark Smith: We’ll try and get as much as we can -- both helps the long-term interest of that business and improve the cost structure. So yes, we expect the results clearly to improve, especially in the Components segment. We’re assuming that’s all in for now. If we get more, then we’ll be happy to report. We won’t get more than $130 million, just to be clear. That’s a year three number, but we’re making good progress.
Mark Smith: I think you should just expect sequential improvement through the first half of the year from the Q4 levels.
Mark Smith: I think it’s fair to say, it’s pretty broad-based across multiple markets, broad parts of the economy. Yes, the data center gets a lot of attention. It is a significant individual segment, but we’re seeing robust underlying demand for power generation across multiple segments.
Mark Smith: Well, what’s happening over time is that the content is going up, right? So, one thing that’s been a big positive for our business is China consistently adopting more advanced emission standards. So the amount of revenue that we’re selling is going up per vehicle quite significantly over time. And certainly, cycle over cycle, it’s billions of dollars of extra revenue growth a year. We’re just at the lowest market in a decade. So, we agree that that growth rate is modest. We don’t have any signs yet of a rapid adoption. We’ll be looking at the same data you’re looking at, and obviously, taken on board the feedback from our customers, but we are profitable in our operations. We don’t disclose profitability by region, but for sure, when China volumes improve, our profits will go up.
Mark Smith: And I think also our footprint, our reputation for dependability, wherever our customers operate, is leading us to be approached in new segments by global large industrial players. So, it’s not just in the market that we operate in today, we’ve been approached to expand into different market applications. That’s particularly exciting.
