Jay Craig: Thanks, Alex. This is Jay. Very good question. I would say, as we typically see in strong upturns like this, we're seeing it in base forgings and castings. So, not unlike the past upturns we've executed successfully on. We have some layered capacity suppliers we bring online at slightly higher cost, and that's why you see even though we're converting at what I think are strong margins, strong incrementals, they are slightly lower than we have in previous quarters just because of bringing on that incremental capacity. We actually are right now backfilling for some of our competitors. So, we've once again been asked to step in and been able to successfully do that. I don't want to understate how the whole industry feels right now, though. I think the entire industry is operating very close to capacity, which we are as well.
Jay Craig: Sure. Yes, another good question, Alex. We talked about China, focused on that last quarter, like we focused on Brazil this quarter. And we have had market share gains and wins in the on-highway, particularly in bus and coach, continuing with Yutong and our other bus and coach customers, in bringing forth a tool light product that we've been integrating into China, which is taking our class leading Western axles and localizing them in China to get them to the right price points. So, we're seeing good progress. And I would say on path to the plan that we set out a year or so ago to increase our penetrations in that area.
Jay Craig: I think we haven't talked about specific market share, but I think we have talked about that we have a market leading position in Brazil, and continue to grow upon that with the wins that we talked about with the various OEs during this call. And that's no surprise as we localize more products into that market, like the hub reduction axle, like our medium-duty product, the 13X. We expected to get market share gains as we expand our product offerings in the local market. So, I think as we stretch our product portfolio, even though we have strong market share positions in traditional Class 8 single reduction axles, we're starting to see the increased penetration from the new product launches we have there.
Jay Craig: Actually on a global scale. We are taking the technology solutions offered by TransPower and actually rolling those out globally. So, that partnership is much broader than just California or just the US. Quite frankly, we see more demand right now globally for our eAxle than we are able to meet in this prototype phase, so we're almost allocating them to individual regions and our major strategic customers. So, that's what one of the powers we saw that investment and partnership in TransPower, they saw as well, is given that we're one of the few true global brands in commercial vehicle supplier world, we could bring enormous value to TransPower by bringing their products globally.
Jay Craig: Well, thanks, Neil. That's a good question and obviously something we look at very closely as well. Because like M2016, these aren't point of time targets. This is transformational for the Company and we plan to grow on those achievements. It's a little early to talk about 2019 guidance, but obviously the significant number of new business wins we think will serve as a measurable dampener to any market downturn we see. And also, as Kevin just mentioned, we tend to convert at lower levels during peaks because of bringing on layered capacity and incurring some premiums. So as those markets step down, we could see further expansion of our conversion metrics as we're able to more aggressively manage those stepped-up costs during peak markets.
Jay Craig: Again, Neil, we highlighted that. That's one-time cost. It's difficult with some of these sites to say will we ever have another dollar of investment. I wouldn't go that far. But I think the actions that we accrued for that we're in the midst of taking, our very aggressive clean-up of the site, that we think will hopefully put this behind us. And so, we've taken a more aggressive approach towards this particular site to try and put that liability behind us.
Jay Craig: At this point in time I would say is fairly neutral. As our eAxle comes online and gets through the prototype stage we'll actually be running one of those on a school bus application by the end of this month. I think the expectation is if that product proves out to be as efficient as we believe it will be, I think we could start to see that eAxle replace some of the components on the vehicle, because it allows for much more battery capacity than the architecture that we're moving forward with on those Peterbilt vehicles right now.
Jay Craig: Very insightful question, Mike, because of one of the capabilities AA Gear brings us is precision ground gears, which we think there'll be increasing demand for in an electric environment. Because those ground gears are quieter in operation and, obviously with the elimination of the noise from the internal combustion engine, the vehicle becomes much more sensitive to other components and the noise they generate. So, we are very excited about that capability as well. But I would say overall it's just clearly right in line with the strategy we laid out for M2019 in our components business. And we like Fabco's acquisition, like the investment in TransPower, hopefully you can see that our acquisitions are very logical and connected to our strategy.
Jay Craig: I would say it's somewhat less relevant to us because we're more heavily weighted towards the off-highway.
Jay Craig: Sure. Well, first of all, I think our long-term comp structure is very clear in its alignment to the strategies, as you just articulated. Senior executive management gets compensated on hitting those three financial targets embedded in M2019, as we did on the M2016. As we spoke in the previous quarter, we're in the midst of developing the M2022 strategy and we expect to roll that out at an Analyst Day this December. And we will once again that strategy will result in defined financial metrics that we will set for the Company over that three-year period. And then our long-term incentive plans will then again be locked into those achievement of those metrics. Now, to determine those metrics, we're doing a lot of research. We've done a very detailed shareholder survey over the last few months, both on the buy side and sell side, and we're taking all of that input to develop what those metrics will be, that we're hearing will drive the most significant return on shareholder value. So, we're a little early to talk about specifically what they'll be, but just know that the input you've given is being heard, filtered down, and then we'll develop those metrics.
Jay Craig: I think like all OEs, they have some projects with different customers. I know they have one particular project, I believe it's with Cummins and their system. I think the announcement we made today is certainly one on the largest block orders, if not the largest. But as you would expect in a rapidly evolving market right now, like I would do if I were running an OE, they are placing their bets with different providers right now. But I think clearly Meritor has established itself as one of the leaders in the future of that technology, which is our goal. And for example, we were asked to present - I was asked to present just Tuesday as the keynote speaker at the ACT Expo. No great complement to my great speaking skills, but more about how Meritor has been recognized as a thought leader in electrification, and they wanted to hear what Meritor's plans are for the future.
Jay Craig: As I've stated previously, I think that's one of the markets globally you're going to see move the quickest and most aggressively. There were some very interesting applications out at ACT Expo this week, even on the airport shuttle vans and buses, moving fully electric. I think that the requirements on cities to meet clean-air requirements are going to drive the bus sector much more quickly potentially than any other sector.
Jay Craig: Yes. I feel very pleased with where we are positioned in our pipeline on different bus projects throughout the globe.
Jay Craig: Well, I think to answer the second half of your question, yes. We believe so, that this will work towards getting us the above market growth. Caterpillar and CNH were small customers of ours in components, but this significantly expands our penetration. Obviously IVECO is a subsidiary of CNH, and we supply all the single reduction truck axles for them in Europe. But this moves us aggressively into the construction, ag, off-highway space for components.
Kevin Nowlan: It's a mix of really those first two in particular. The markets are a big piece of the equation. As we've told you, when you look at Class 8 truck, just to put some dimension around that, taking the midpoint of our guidance of about 15,000 trucks translates to about $60 million. So what that tells you is, hey, that's a big contributor, but there's a lot of things going on as well. Brazil production going up is a meaningful increase, as well as other markets and new business wins. So it's really a mix of those things across the globe.
Kevin Nowlan: Our guidance assumes right now you can see we took our revenue guidance up $200 million, and implicit in that is that we took up our conversion on that about 15%. So, we're continuing to count on our ability to convert kind of at the low end of our historic range, which tends to be what we see in these types of markets. But we manage it very closely, and we watch the potential for layered capacity costs and other inefficiencies coming in, but we're managing that very effectively, like right now. It gets more challenging as markets continue to accelerate and to grow, but we've done an effective job at managing that thus far.
Kevin Nowlan: I think by and large there's two things going on. One is we had a lot of volume, new business wins coming on that we anticipated would come on in the year 2018. We had big amounts coming on in 2018 and in 2019, and we're seeing those. Plus I think with the markets being stronger, we assume our new business wins linked generally to a more normalized market. So as markets are stronger we're getting a little bit of a tailwind on some of those new business wins as well, that they come in a little bit stronger than what we were originally planning for.
Kevin Nowlan: Absolutely. I mean, we're going to be opportunistic and balanced as it relates to deployment of our capital from here on out through 2019. We anticipate obviously generating more free cash flow over the balance of the year and you can anticipate we'll expect to have strong free cash flow again in 2019. We will look at bolt-on acquisition opportunities that make sense for us and we'll look at continuing to be opportunistic in the market, just as we were in the second quarter repurchasing 1.4 million shares. So we'll be balanced and opportunistic.
Kevin Nowlan: I think it's premature at the moment to comment on 2019, but I would say as you look first half to second half, there is a little bit of an incremental step up in the electrification investment that's embedded within our guidance.
