Mark Smith: Thank you, Jasmine, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins' results for the second quarter of 2012. Participating with me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Ward; and Vice President and President of our Engine business, Rich Freeland. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financials. Our press release with the copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media. With that out of the way, we'll begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
Mark Smith: Okay, Jamie. This is Mark. I'll answer the first part of the question on Power Gen and North America. So the first thing to remember is we are expecting 15% revenue growth in North America on Power Gen, but 2/3 of that is coming from new products rather than the underlying market. And that remained like a stable forecast for the full year. We have seen orders bounce around. So for the base business, originally we're expecting 10% growth for the full year, and we've now lowered that to 5%. We did see a pretty sharp drop in incoming orders around the middle of March, April time, and we talked about that on the Q1 call. Orders stayed down for a while and then have picked up a little bit recently, so a kind of 10% growth underpinned with the new products, 5% from underlying market. I think market’s reasonably competitive at this point in time. But I think based on current trends, it's a little hard to exactly forecast, but we feel good about the 5% underlying market growth.
Mark Smith: Okay. I think that's the end of the hour. We appreciate your interest and your questions, and I will be available for follow-up. Thank you.
Patrick J. Ward: Well, let me start with that one, Jerry. We've taken actions across the business. But I think it's really important to point out that the critical growth initiatives that we've talked about for some time now, we're not going to cut back on those. So they're really important to the long-term future profitability of the company, and they're kind of sacred. We are cutting back around areas such as travel, and we are looking to reduce the rate of hiring in some areas. We will freeze it in other areas across the company. But it's important we find the right balance of continuing to invest for growth while at the same time managing spending prudently across the company, across all 4 business segments and the corporate areas.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes, let me try and take this one, Jerry. I'll give you a high-level bridge from the first half of the year to the second half of the year. And the first half of the year was considerably better than the second half of last year. We do expect revenues to be flat, maybe slightly better in the second half of the year than the first 6 months that we've just gone through. That being said, there are a number of headwinds coming our way, so the product mix is not as favorable in the second half of the year. We've talked about reduction in oil and gas. We've talked about reduction in Power Gen. So in the high horsepower engines where we do have some margins, we see a lot of negative mix going on there. Warranty costs are expected to grow a little bit in the second half of the year. And joint venture income will certainly be down in China and in India, more so in the third quarter, I expect, than the fourth quarter but it's definitely softened. Now on the other hand, we've seen terrific work so far in the manufacturing plants to improve productivity. We expect that will continue as we go into the second half of the year. The supply chain savings that we've talked about, the 1% margin target for 2015, we're on track there, the 0.2% or maybe even a little bit better now this year based on what we've seen in the first 6 months of the year. And finally, material costs are almost certainly going to be better in the second half of the year than what we've seen in the first half of the year. And that's a combination of metal markets being a little bit better than what we thought they're going to be and just ongoing good working cost-reduction with our supply base.
Patrick J. Ward: Well, for the first half of the year, Jamie, we'll be 3/10 or 4/10 of a point benefit. Second half of the year, we expect to be 1%.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes, so we'll start with Power Gen. Their gross margins have actually been doing quite well over the last few quarters. And some of that has been masked by mark-to-market adjustments we've had to take on forward contracts with copper. So we don't see copper decreasing further beyond this point. So we don't expect to see any more of those mark-to-market adjustments having kind of negatively impacted their margins in the first and more so in the second quarter of the year. So as volumes pick up in the second half the year in Power Gen, I expect their gross margin to improve and then not to fall to the bottom line. Tony and his team are thinking all over the cost management activities in the Power Gen groups, so I feel pretty good about their ability to expand margins from where they've been in the first half of the year. Distribution, they suffered a little bit in the first half of the year as I was taking in the earlier remarks on higher currency impact than what we had anticipated. They're down almost 2 points from a year ago, and half of that is currency and half of that is just increased SAR spending on key initiatives for them in the future. I think the revenues are going to improve in the second half the year. There's no question to that in my mind. I think the mix we're starting to see in that business is starting to move more towards aftermarket and away from whole goods which, again, will give them a lot more of a bump as we go forward.
Patrick J. Ward: We're not really going to change any part of our strategy or our planning when it comes to returning value to shareholders. So we said before, we'll look to do that by growing the business profitably. We'll look to do that by increasing the dividend, which we just did, and we'll look to do that by buying back stock. And we go into the year, as you know, with a target to reduce stock by 1%. If the market price is attractive, we may do more than that. We did more of that in the second half of last year. So we have the flexibility. I'm not going to commit a number just now, but we certainly don't see any change in the way we want to look after shareholders when it comes to dividends and stock buybacks.
Patrick J. Ward: I think the second part of the question on inventory, the drop that we see in demand in the latter part of the second quarter kind of took us by surprise. And across the business, we ended up with more inventory than we anticipated. So as I said in the earlier remarks, we intend to work that down through the start of fourth quarter and get inventory back into a more normal target range for us.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. So in the second quarter, we incurred about $5 million of cost relating to the acquisition, so that's about 50 basis points. In the second half of the year, as we look forward in our guidance, we think that the ongoing cost with that technology business that we purchased is going to cost us about 0.5 point at the Components segment level under margin both in the third and fourth quarter. With regards to the profile of the business, I mean, this is a technology that we went out to purchase them. So it's not really -- it's not one of these big acquisitions you see other companies do. We've always said that where we attractive opportunities to move faster with technology development, that's what we'll be interested in. And that's exactly what this deal is. I think the revenue benefit in the second half of the year is going to be fairly modest. It's probably going to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million. But overall with the cost structure, with the technology investments we're seeing there, it will have a negative impact at a segment level of about 0.5 point.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I would just add, Jerry, the leadership team here is pretty experienced with cost-reduction activities. All of us have been through it before. So every one of them in our recent strategy meeting had to come up with a set of reductions that they thought they would implement and still be able to meet the key -- strike a balance that Pat talked about, about investing in the key growth programs and making sure that they can still hit their growth targets and revenue commitments. So that's what we're trying to strike here, and I think every member of the team is committed to doing that.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Jamie, I guess the other thing I would just say is the volatility of the market has obviously picked up some. To talk about recent order trends and things that's obviously a little frustrating even for us because we would have liked to have had a better view of what our current guidance is back when we gave our first quarter call, but things fell off quite quickly. And we saw the order rates trending down in April, and we just didn't know how lasting or how big a deal that was. They stayed down through all of Q2 and then recently have picked back up a little bit. So it's volatile, and we just don't exactly know how to read it other than generally speaking, as Mark said, we've got some new business in the market that's helping us, plus we've got a pretty broadened global business that's helping us. So all in, we feel good about the Power Gen forecast, but we are definitely seeing more volatility in order rates in a number of markets and in a number in North America that you highlighted. I've got Rich here though, Jamie. Let me ask him to comment a little bit on the ACT forecast in the North America truck market.
N. Thomas Linebarger: We don't have an overall one because it's just so different by markets. I think Rich talked a little bit about where he sees industry backlog for North America, so we’ll have different numbers for different, but some of our businesses operate with no backlog ever. So it's just too wide a variety.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Rob, I'll start with the India thing. You're totally right that we did that. All the comments we made were before we considered that. And really, I don't exactly know how it's going play out. It is terrible, actually. There's quite a bit of problems going on even in some of the bigger cities like Delhi, with mass transit basically unusable. So it is a bad situation for them. It's unfortunately reflective of the stability of the power grid broadly across the country. And that helps our business, of course, because that's a lot of reason why people buy standby generators. But definitely there's great need for much more stability than it had. We will definitely see what we can do to help in different parts of the country with trying to stabilize the grid, as well as provide emergency services. That's one of the things we do regularly and do best. So we'll be actively trying to help what the impact is. It's just way too early to tell. But I think it talks about why we have -- why we're optimistic long run about our participation in the Power Generation market in India. There just is a lot of grid improvement and other kinds of things to do there, and that's kind of where our products are targeted.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I should add to that, that there's not really any area that's got a lot of extra inventory or where we've seen a lot cancelations. As Pat said, it's just across several parts of the business. The deceleration happened faster than we could adjust, and we're now going to adjust that to the next couple of quarters. So there's no area we're particularly concerned about, but there are several areas where we'll have to take production rates down below what sales have been. That's what affected our guidance for the second half.
N. Thomas Linebarger: The technology there helps us across our entire after-treatment business, so we'll see the technology impact our after-treatment business totally. But the big next hurdle for that business is really Euro 6. So Euro 6 is where the volume starts to turn up and the opportunity further shows, it also affects Tier 4 Final. And as I mentioned, it will affect all of our business. But if you want to think, "So when does this thing start to show some positive benefits?" It's not -- even though a technology investment, it's not 100 miles off Euro 6 and Tier 4 Final relatively close in time.
N. Thomas Linebarger: What I'll say about that now because new products -- and of course, we want to make the proper announcement at the proper time. Our target is to provide customers with better performance at a lower cost across this technology. That is -- in an after-treatment, the name of the game is being able to give people the ability to integrate effectively in a very complex system with higher liability, lower cost and better performance. That's what we're thinking this technology brings us. Especially across the large engines, the technology is pretty unique. And so we think it will be -- we think it will give us an advantage with customers.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes, there is a lot of noise. I’ve got Richard. I'll let him comment. But I would just say at a high level, our view about the mining business is that we have pretty -- it's one of those markets where we do get reasonably good visibility. We are able to look out pretty far in terms of order rates and backlogs. We do have -- there's now 1 million customers that we're serving there, so we can kind of see what they're doing. And we can watch commodity prices with relatively -- with relative ease. You can kind of see what the numbers are and see what drives what. Obviously, our view of the market changes when we see commodity price changes dramatically, but we do have reasonable lead time on that. And Rich, I know, has been in conversation with a number of customers, so I'll let him comment further about what he's seeing.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I do think, Andy, it's one of these things where if copper, iron ore prices fall off a lot again, we would then change our outlook probably for 2013. Again, it's unlikely to have a big effect in the second half of this year. But change in commodity prices down would affect prospects for next year and vice versa. Of course, if they strengthen or get some underpinning for where they are, we think that will help next year. So we're keeping our eyes really closely on this. And everybody knows the things to watch here in terms of commodity prices. But right now, the good mines still are keeping their equipment running and ordering new equipment -- the good mines, I mean, the ones that are a low-cost operation and effective and are still doing it. New mines, we've seen a bunch of announcements about people saying they're going to postpone activity on new mines. I think you've probably read some of those, but existing mines are still going.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I think you've characterized it well that it's difficult to get good numbers. I think the OEMs, in their defense, suffer from the same lack of information that we do, to some degree. The published numbers are not often timely or not often complete. And there's even some game playing by the OEMs in terms of how they put the numbers, how they feed the numbers into the market, research work. So I think there is some uncertainty around the numbers. And I think there's also a debate within the Chinese government about what they want to do with the stimulus program. I've met with members of the government while I was there last, that there's clearly -- the #1 priority is to make sure it's a soft landing, not a hard landing. But there's also priorities within the government about shifting the economy a little bit away from only internal infrastructure and into consumer-based economy, which you've probably read some about that. And there's also a sense that the last stimulus program kind of over stimulated. There ended up being quite a bit of waste in some of the programs, and they ended up with a big bump that they have to recover from when inflation overruns. So I think there's just different parts of the government and different goals they're trying to manage here. So I have high confidence that they will stimulate, and they will continue to work on the economy to ensure it's not a hard landing. In other words, it doesn't get a lot worse than it is now. But I do think it's hard to say how quickly it's going to improve, especially in this infrastructure side. And we were feeling reasonably confident that they would stimulate enough to clear the excavator inventory and to get construction going by the fourth quarter. As you know, from our remarks, we have now -- our view has dimmed on that, and we think it will not do enough to clear the inventory and begin to increase build rates this year at all. We think it will be in the next year before that happens now. When and how, we're just not sure. So I think it's uncertain. I would be very careful about anyone who says they're certain about what's going to happen there because I think it's hard to know. And certainly, any one OEM would not be a reliable estimator.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes, Steve, it's a good question. Because again, we left the first quarter call with a couple of troubling signs but not a clear view really of where the rest of the year was going to go. So we were unable to change our guidance in a way that was any more accurate than what we already had. That was unfortunate. Because, as you said, it changed pretty quickly. April was a very good month for us, and then May and June were weaker. And that was the cadence, basically. And what -- I think what made it worse is that our view was that as we saw those numbers weakening, we didn't see instigators that we're going to make them improve quickly and turnaround. Good examples we talked about today, North American truck, while we do see some improvement in the back half of the year, we didn’t see a way we were going to get back to 278,000 units. And we saw the order rates dropping. You saw them, too. But the -- we were all debating in April, was that just a one-off with special causes. And then as we went through the rest of the quarter we said, "No, it looks like it's going to stay." In China, we saw a bunch of new data come out, a bunch of information about how inventory had changed in the first quarter or in this case, had not changed very much about in excavators was disturbing news for a whole bunch of people and made us rethink where we were. Truck markets in China, same kind of thing. India economic results were much worse. Excise taxes got implemented. There was some debate about where they were. And then I mentioned Brazil, where what we saw -- we saw Euro 5 transition struggling. That was evident, but the combination of the worsening economy and how badly retail sales were going was just kind of came to light during the course. So we saw a lot of negative news about how things were progressing. I mean in all of those things, you hear about stuff. But then when OEMs actually take build rates down, which they do over and they don't do -- they do that for a few months, you know now you're going to have to lower your realistic expectations. That's the example that happened in Brazil. So anyway, a lot of those things happened in the quarter. They made us change not only our view of the quarter, but our view of the year. And we just felt like given what we saw in May and June, we wanted to get out and tell you guys that things had changed in just 2 months. With regard to change now, it's not that there's been significant improvements anywhere. It just looks like we've kind of now captured this new environment as best we can. I did mention that there's volatility and hard to know in some places like China, and the Power Gen orders have been bouncing around. But broadly speaking, we feel like we've reflected the environment that we're experiencing now, and so that's why we feel good about the guidance. But I would say it's a much more volatile economy than we were looking at in the first quarter of the year, and it's much harder to predict.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I think the second thing is more accurate. They remain volatile, and we think we've captured it. We think we better characterize what we think is going to happen because when we're out in the first quarter call, it's when everything was starting to get a little bit squirrely. We now had 3 months to look at it and say indeed, it is worse.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Definitely, we would put ourselves in that category of seeing our long-term growth prospects remain the same but the basic characteristics of our industry, as I mentioned in my remarks, have not changed. Our view still is developing countries will be growing faster than developed countries and investing in infrastructure and our position there remains strong. We will still be investing in new products and technology. The Components business, for example, we've got a lot of promising technologies there that will require investment. We'll still be spending money there. Having said that, we do know how to reduce costs, and we are starting to reduce costs. So we're striking a balance now is the way I'd characterize it. And obviously, we can change that balance pretty rapidly. There's a whole bunch of us here that have a set of programs that we know what to do when we need to do it, and we will be monitoring. In a volatile economy like this, watching closely all the time and making adjustments on the fly is exactly what we need to do. Having said that I feel, like those others do, that the characteristics of our industry are still ones that will give profitable growth over a sustained period as the economies return. The question for us, and I think probably for a lot of people, is when do the economies return? What's the instigator that gets things back? And I think that's where there's a fair bit of uncertainty and frankly, right now, a fair bit of negative yield.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. So I think that's -- we are seeing active. We are seeing growth, and we are seeing a lot of inquiries about it. And with gas prices where they are, I just don't expect those are going to slow down. I think there's going to be a lot of people that are going to try to get natural gas into their on-highway truck engines among other applications and see if they can get the overall cost to work out when they look at where they can fuel, on how they maintain, all that kind of thing, because prices are really attractive today.
Richard J. Freeland: Jamie, this is Rich. So yes, as you noted, we've taken our forecast down from the 278 production build down to 260. So that implies we're basically building at a 280 the first half of the year, building at a 240 rate the second half of the year. And so a few things we're looking at. One is, as you're aware, net orders have been weaker than that the last few months. I think that will probably continue through July. The things we're looking at that give us some confidence is one is retail sales. That averaged over 24,000 last 4 months. So you think at a 240 rate, that we'd be building at 20,000 a month. So retail sales are coming in higher than that. Conversations we've had with lots of customers, especially, again, more geared towards the larger customers are saying they're sticking with their second half order rates that they're going to continue with. The backlog remains pretty strong. So here we are in July, and there's well over 80,000 in the backlog. And I think lastly, we will see just the normal seasonality and some elements of increased orders in November, December ahead of the emissions change or greenhouse gas change in 2014. So I think it's obviously a moving target. But the net of that, I think the 240 build rate is balanced and right for the second half the year.
Richard J. Freeland: Yes -- this is Rich. Yes, we're continuing to get orders for new builds. We're down over 50% from where we were in the first quarter, but there is a level of that coming in. And then the parts and service business has remained pretty steady. So while there's been some shutdown, we've remained slight growth on the parts and service side of that business.
Richard J. Freeland: Yes, so we're still in the guidance of up 7% for the year. Coal obviously is our biggest concern with commodity prices coming down, so that's the one we're paying the most attention to. Copper, iron ore, gold, those remain strong. We have not seen a lot of cancellations, small numbers. We've seen some delays. And so it's one we'll be watching. I think through the balance of the year, it looks pretty solid. And just one, we'll have to pay attention to going into 2013. Order boards are still strong as you know. In our orders and there's a delay, we have a lag effect on our side. So folks are still building out equipment. We're still shipping engines. So I feel pretty confident through the balance of 2012 that we’ll see not a lot of changes.
Richard J. Freeland: It remains, as you know, somewhat infrastructure constrained so places where that's not a constraint like refuse market where you can go out, refuel. We've seen high market share in business move there. But I think it's going to be mostly driven by as infrastructure builds out and you can take advantage of these lower prices.
Richard J. Freeland: Ann, this is Rich again. As you said, lots of speculation, rumors out there. A couple of things we do know is the technology now settled out, EGR versus SCR and with their announcement moving to the SCR. Another thing we know is Navistar is -- remains -- is a large customer of Cummins. And 25% market share we still have in our NAFTA business, again, outside of the U.S. So we know where the technology is. We know -- we've been partners or customers for long time and have maintained discussions, relationships even despite the competition we've had the last couple of years in the U.S. How this technology changed impacts their product plans, we don't know. And so it wouldn't be appropriate for me to add to that speculation of how that might turn out. And so I’d really need to direct you back to Navistar on how -- what their product plan will be and who their resources will be to meet that product plan.
