Kevin Nowlan: I think, big picture, you can see -- I mean, when you look at the 2 big markets we have in commercial truck, North America and Europe, they were up 3% and 5% roughly. And so the way to think about it is the bulk of the rest was coming from our business outperformance. That’s new business wins. It’s product penetration increases, expansion of share with customers.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think, as you think about sequentially going from Q3 to Q4, the first thing I’d say is that supplier litigation settlement isn’t relevant to this year. That was a last year good news item. So that’s not embedded in our Q3 2017 guidance or results. As you think about what’s implied in our guidance for Q4, our expectation is that revenue from Q3 to Q4 drops by about $95 million, and that’s predominantly driven by the fact that we have the European shutdown, which always brings our revenue down sequentially from Q3 to Q4. We’ll also see some seasonal -- we’re coming off our seasonal peaks in our aftermarket and China businesses as well, so we tend to see a little bit of pullback in revenue in the fourth quarter there as well. But all told, it’s about $95 million of revenue step down sequentially. And we’re assuming, if you cut through the guidance, about a 20% conversion on that roughly $20 million of EBITDA lower. That’s what’s implied in our Q4 guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: And to dimension that numerically, Brett, it’s the quarter year-over-year, it’s about $6 million headwind. And year-to-date, we’re about $21 million headwind, but as we sit here today and look at the full year, we’ll be in about $25 million to $30 million full year headwind, which is really unchanged from what we were thinking a quarter ago. So we’ve seen a little bit more stability in the steel indices in the last few months than what we saw in the early part of the year.
Kevin Nowlan: That’s right, because the steel recovery mechanisms will start to kick in at the tail end of this year and really into the beginning of next year for the steel price increases we’ve really seen in the last quarter or 2.
Kevin Nowlan: It’s a really good point. The -- as you think about the $6 million headwind we had in the quarter year-over-year, about $3 million of it was in Aftermarket & Trailer. $3 million of it was in commercial truck. And the reason we saw a little bit of a disproportionate hit to the Aftermarket & Trailer business relative to its revenue is because of pass-through mechanisms. Commercial Truck & Industrial, with the OE customers, has the traditional pass-through mechanisms with lag on about a 6-month basis. When you think of aftermarket, the aftermarket business in and of itself doesn’t operate with the same types of pass-through mechanisms. We tend to go out with pricing periodically maybe once a year, it could be more often than that, on a general basis, but the pricing is established, whether it’s up or down, based on a whole set of market dynamics, not just steel. So when we look at a particular quarter that we saw year-over-year we had a steel headwind in the segment but we didn’t have a specific recovery mechanism to offset that in the segment.
Jay Craig: Ryan, this is Jay. I think the way we’re thinking about it is, right now even with that increase in market expectations, for the full year, we’re -- or our fiscal year, we’re starting to push towards replacement demand. And I think, as we look longer term at the U.S. economy and its health, we see no reason that the Class 8 market shouldn’t be able to sustain that replacement demand level going forward. Obviously, we’re not giving our guidance yet for 2018, but I think, as we look at the market fundamentally, we just think with a healthy economy that replacement demand expectation should be reasonable.
Jay Craig: Yes, yes, Brian, this is Jay. I think that’s right. It’s really a timing issue. A lot of our projects are quite large. And although we’re encouraging the team to continue to invest, to achieve as much labor and burden and material cost savings as they can, it’s just a question of timing. And I think the run rate that you’ve seen us at the last couple years is what we think a go-forward picture looks like.
Jay Craig: I think we’ll be bucketing that at the end of the year and then at our Investor Day as we scorecard ourselves against our M2019 targets. So we’ll give you more detail at that time. As I spoke to in our initial comments, of the revenue guidance increase, roughly 25% of that was due to new business wins. And another data point that we called out was, even though the India market is down, we expect to be up because of the market share gains with primarily our largest customer but across the market.
Jay Craig: No. Great question, Mike. In fact, that’s what makes us most excited about that announcement is, prior to this, we really didn’t have a single overarching agreement with the REV Group, so the opportunities were with each of the individual brands. This is the first consolidated agreement we’ve had with that group. So I think on both sides of the table we have expectations of increasing penetration with them as we become much more closely aligned with the engineering teams in the entire group.
Jay Craig: Again, we’ll be scorecarding all the M2019 wins at the end of the year. And as we start to look at the opportunities individually, we’ll certainly highlight the larger ones individually, when we come through at the end of the year. But again, we’re very pleased with just being right on track with where we expected to be and wanted to be on that revenue growth program overall.
Jay Craig: No, it was a predual long-term agreement. We provide IVECO in Europe all their single-reduction drive axle needs that they require in Europe. But again, every major customer agreement that are long term is very critical to us and took an enormous effort by the -- by our team to make sure we execute it successfully.
Jay Craig: Well, the big customers we’re exposed to are Volvo, Werner and IVECO. And then we’ve won recently the Scania disc brake business, a large share of that, so you can look at Scania. And we have another win that we alluded to last quarter of another European OE that we’ll talk about in more detail in the future.
Jay Craig: Sure. The reason for that hire. We’re thrilled to have Cheri in our team. Cheri is someone we’ve worked with quite extensively before from the Boston Consulting Group, so we are excited to have her join us. It was primarily to support us in all our growth initiatives, both organic and through bolt-on acquisitions that we’re looking at. Obviously, a large part of our M2019, in fact, has come from revenue growth, and we want to make sure we go about that in the most thoughtful and organized way. And we have a lot of good opportunities that we needed to make sure we were sorting through properly.
Jay Craig: It’s stated, Brett. We’re -- so far, what we disclosed last quarter and this quarter, we’re at $115 million towards that target of $450 million. I think we are very confident in our ability to achieve that target. I think we’re right on the flight path we expected to be. We -- as you would expect, we have detailed meetings with all the operating teams, going through their risk-adjusted pipelines. And what I’m most pleased about is the overarching strategy of becoming closer to the marketplace and our major customers. And then having significant additional new product launches is really getting a lot of traction, and you can see that in this quarter’s results. And we’re also looking at some interesting bolt-on acquisition opportunities, and we’re hopeful that we’ll have some of those consummated in the not-too-distant future.
Jay Craig: I think it’s premature for us to give 2018 guidance, but if I look at each market individually, I think Europe is keeping up with replacement demand. We’re finally just moving along in a replacement demand market, which is excellent for us particularly with our market share gains. And so it -- what’s encouraging to us about that market for the future? There’s not a pull-ahead of an emissions or safety required change. So with -- and GDP is healthy in Europe and moving along. And South America, it’s stable, as we’d said. They really need political stability there. Any time you see the political environment becomes stable, you start to see a strong pickup in business activity, but then there’s a step back as another issue arises in that arena. So I think the bellwether we look for in that market is just political stability. And we think the underlying business demand will be quite strong.
Jay Craig: Steel for the year has been a headwind, but I think we’re starting to see stability recently in that. So obviously I think the company has done an excellent job of dealing with that this year. And if you’ll recall, the majority of our contracts have pass-through mechanisms that have on average a six-month lag in them, so -- but we’ll recover the vast majority of those increases over time. But I think, during this time period where we’ve seen the headwinds in this fiscal year, I’ve just been very, very pleased with how the team has responded in getting additional material cost-downs since quite a while.
Jay Craig: Well, Haldex, as far -- we compete in the foundation brake business. And Haldex’ share of that, particularly on the truck side, is fairly de minimis. And the -- so we haven’t seen any significant impacts. They’re more heavily weighted towards the trailer foundation brake side, which we’d certainly have meaningful share in North America but not so much in Europe. So I think I haven’t seen any near-term impact. As far as M&A opportunity, we don’t comment on specific opportunities, and so we will just hold off on any further comments on that.
Jay Craig: Well, I -- obviously, our next quarterly call will be in early November. And so we’ll, at the latest, have an update at that point. We did file a motion with the district court in the -- on the 19th of July and have had a hearing scheduled for late August. If there is a ruling from the bench at that hearing, we’ll update the market at that point in time, but we remain optimistic that this will get resolved over the coming months. And when it does and once we’ve communicated to the company and any impacted retirees, we’ll then update the market.
