James Hopkins: Thank you, Michel. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins results for the second quarter of 2019. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Smith; and our President and Chief Operating Officer, Rich Freeland. We will be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions and strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website at www.cummins.com, under the heading of Investors and Media. With that out of the way, we'll begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
James Hopkins: Thanks, Tom. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Michel, we're now ready for our first question.
James Hopkins: Great. So, with that, it looks like we're at the end of our hour. So, I'd like to thank everybody for your interest in Cummins today. And as always, I'll be available for any follow up questions this afternoon. Thank you very much.
Tom Linebarger: Thank you, Mark. As you remember, we announced on April 29th and then discussed in our first quarter earnings call that we'd initiated an internal review of our emissions certification and compliance processes for our pickup truck applications as a result of conversations with the EPA and the California Air Resources Board. Our review continues, and we are proactively working closely with the EPA and CARB and other agencies to address their questions. During conversations with the EPA and CARB about the effectiveness of our 2019 pickup truck applications, the agencies raise concerns that certain aspects of our emission systems may reduce the effectiveness of our emission control systems and did not fully comply with the requirements for certification. As a result, our internal review has been largely focused on the agency's concerns. We are working closely with the agencies to enhance our emission systems to improve the effectiveness of our pickup truck applications, and to fully address the agencies requirements and meet the expectations of our customers. Consistent with the values and the history of the company, which include a strong commitment to compliance, we’ll work with regulators and other agencies to address the issues identified in our internal review and develop future technologies that will advance our industry. It's too early to conclude on any changes that we will make to our processes and organization as a result of our internal review. It's also too soon to know what the response of the regulators will be to our view, or to determine any potential financial consequences. Now, let me give it back to James to open for Q&A.
Tom Linebarger: And with regard to next year I will just make a few general comments, Jamie and of course we'll be very detailed when we get to the Analyst Day about what we're seeing. But broadly speaking, as you know many of our markets are either at or near cyclical peaks in our view, which means that inevitably we will start to see some of these markets decline. We don't know the exact quarter, we done a fairly detailed projection for the U.S. truck market because there's a lot of data and it’s easier to do. But even that has some variance depending on who in the industry you ask. Most of the other markets have more variance as to when people think they thought but many of them will inevitably fall at least to some degree, so we are prepared for 2020, and even into 2021 for markets to be relatively lower cyclically, at least many of our major ones and we are prepared in the following sense. We are already managing our cost to make sure that our capacity levels and cost levels will be at the right place when it's time and making sure that we're the first to be ready and the first to react. And so, a lot of our focus is on ensuring that were prepared from a cost structure point of view for that cyclical downturn that's how we ensure that in the next downturn we have better margins than the prior downturn. The second thing is that our products are performing incredibly well, that's why you see many of our market share projections sort of tipping towards the higher end of our estimation for the year as because we think our products are performing very well. We think that serves us well in downturns because a few points of market share can make up some cyclical downturn. So, we will continue to emphasize the quality and performance of our products and we will continue to launch new products. So that when we're in downturn, our competitors will see us continues to go from strength to strength because in downturns as well, we also think we can gain market share and commitment from customers. Also, we will be seeing some gain hopefully from the SS6 and NS6, we've been investing significantly in engines and components for those launches and we think we'll be ready. We feel ready now and we think our products will outperform competitors and we think that will give us a chance to step up our market positions in both India and China, which we think will be lasting positions. So those are just some of the puts and takes, again, not all markets will follow the same time, we have a very global market and as you know, not all the cycles of the same, but we are just prepared for cyclical downturns are turning into this mode. It says while this is lower and we're going to make sure our cost structure right and we will gain share from competitors and continue to launch new products in a way that conditions are better for the fall the upturn.
Tom Linebarger: What Mark is saying is more than half of go through OEM dealer channel versus our own channel. And that's in the truck side. And as you said, the adjustments, the adjustments in parts, they're kind of hard to predict this time. Because there relatively small adjustments in grand scheme of parts inventories, but they can have an effect on a quarter. And we see this every downturn there are some adjustment. And frankly, we're not that good at predicting much quarter it is. So, we're now kind of we were surprised that it was now, but it was. And I think what Rich is saying is that every time we see this, we see it every downturn, it tends not to be lasting very long. Parts is a very stable business, our services business, so, we don't expect it to keep going down, we expect it to level off. And then we expect to see it continue to increase in future quarter. So, we're just trying to be prudent that it seems inevitable in a downturn that dealers will adjust some inventories. And we saw a little bit of that in this second quarter and we expect to see a little bit more of it as we go on second half of the year. But we'll see, right what happens. And like you said, everybody is going to have different circumstances depending on where they're holding inventory, how much they're holding and all that kind of. I think we should just expect variability, but it's inevitable if you just look over the cycle that parts inventory dropped some in the downturn, and then they rise up again as things start to rise.
Tom Linebarger: In, most of the truck markets are at or near peak. I mean, Brazil is a notable exception, because it's kind of running along the bottom, but most of the others. So, India is already on the way down, China look like it's on the way down. Heavy duty, you talked about, medium duty is holding strong, but it's been up for a while. So, it just, and Europe is the one we are not sure about. But even that showed a little weakness in this last quarter. It's hard to say exactly how much what that means. But we've heard some rumblings out of Europe that some of the truck makers are getting concerned. So, it's sort of hard to find a truck market that doesn't feel peakish, if not already headed down the other side. It looks to us like mining is a little bit of a different story. It doesn't look like it's at peak, but it's definitely leveled off. I mean, there's just nothing else to say about that. Now, whether it's going to turn back up again or just sort of steadily grow we're not sure that's kind of our view is that it's going to have a slow growth from here for a little bit longer, but there's no question that compared to a year ago. It's leveled off. And so that that doesn't look like it's got a whole bunch more left in it. And then I'd say construction markets. U.S. construction markets still strong but at some point, if after the truck market, it feels like construction market has to also tail down and we already think China's got to start tailing down because China has been up for a while and unless they continue to stimulate the market is likely to head down. India, India has got some -- the government has continued to invest and stimulate there, and we think they probably still will. So, India might hold up a little longer on the construction side. But again, that's some of them. But you remember and we show where we kind of put all the markets up there. We'll bring that that to the Analyst Day, and we'll kind of put all the markets on there. But suffice it to say those we look at that there's more kind of up and around the top of the that little hills and then there are at the bottom on their way up. So, we're just being realistic about what that means for revenues in 2020.
Tom Linebarger: Sure, it's early days in that joint venture, but we're really pleased with our conversations. It's a terrific company, I mean it's not a company that we had done a lot of business with until we started having conversations with them. But although we've always been impressed with them from afar, they we kind of feel like at least in the off-highway market where we see each other, they're the one the engine that we think is actually competitive to ours, and we think highly of them. So anyway, we've had terrific conversations, but we are early days as to kind of what the market share opportunity. But here's how we're thinking about it together, is that the two companies are both spending a lot of investment -- putting a lot of investment into the various technologies that will occupy the commercial industrial equipment space. So, think about not only diesel but natural gas and hybrid and electrification and fuel cells and start to think about what that means. Then they also have a truck business which has to identify -- also has to do autonomous safety, other integration of their vehicle. So, they're thinking about all the investments they need to make in that all the investments they need to make in power train and coming up and thinking that tips us over a company our size. So, but they need to be leading, there's no room for laggards, there is not going to be any second place is there, I mean, they're the strongest truck company in Japan, they have a terrific market share in Southeast Asia and they're the second largest and diesel engine maker with us. So, what we're going to try to do is figure out how we can make sense and rationalize these investments in these various technologies, and it's my sense that they would like to figure out a way to do that, so that Cummins can do a lot of the investments in the power train, and they can focus more investment on the truck. And if they can do that in a way that allows them to ensure supply, make sure they're leading utilize the technology and assets they have, I think that's going to be a solution that they like. But there -- there's a lot of conversations about to have about how you do that. And the reason we think this is really a great opportunity for both companies is if we can figure this out, I think a lot of other OEMs around the world would like to figure out something similar there. There all of us are stuck with the same problem of a lot of investment in new technology for essentially the same markets and essentially the same size, which looks like an equation that again, keeps most of us over unless we can figure out some solutions to either add content and or find new ways to rationalize investment. So, I think it's a really important set of work that we're doing, that could be indicative of how some of the other industry discussions go.
Tom Linebarger: And the bright spot, Adam has been this China side. One of the things we've always been worried about is how big is the data center market relative to the total, because we've kind of been looking at it as a U.S. and maybe European phenomenon. But now we're seeing starting to see developing countries, especially China, build out data centers and because of our position in that market that had kind of the premium end of the market. We've been actually been able to develop quite good share. And our team in China has done a terrific job ensuring that as these data center markets start to build out that come in since the player that they look to. So, I think, again, that's a big reason why you're seeing continued strength in data centers is that although it's just one segment of the market, we're seeing it build globally. So, it's -- I think that's steadied out the growth and kept it robust for longer.
Tom Linebarger: Thanks, Alex. Just a couple of qualitative points and I'll let Rich add if he has more. This is the -- if you're in China, they call this the blue-plate issue, you get a blue plate if you're light duty. And if you -- and what this means is you have easier driver licensing requirements. It's closer to a car license, and you can access the very inner parts of the city, you can imagine why that would be a smaller vehicle, lighter vehicles, less congestion, et cetera. And the rules were already in place, it's just that they didn't enforce them quite as tightly in every city, and so now what they've done is they've, just picked the day and all of a sudden enforcement started. To say that it had disruption in the market would be an understatement. So, I, when I was in China recently, there wasn't a single OEM that didn't complain about this, because it just all of a sudden happened and it created absolute havoc in the market. So, my -- I'm wondering, in part, if there'll be some sort of compromise proposal to kind of rationalize this a little bit, because it really takes a lot of vehicles that were previously being sold and used in cities and brings them outside of the city. And again, it's not just the fact that you have to spend more money to get more licenses that you can't actually get into all the spots. So that there's a significant change and the ones that can get in have to be very lightly loaded. And so, you're now you're afraid moving capacity has just reduced significantly. So anyway, there that there's a bunch of that going on, I'd say there's only so much you can figure out about that in China and how fast that's going to move like you know, from your experience. But my sense is that if there's quite a bit of consternation, and there's some -- some potential outcome where things get compromised or rationalized that whether or not this demand moves to medium duty is another question. My feeling is that there's not a lot of movement there. Because really, this is the part that takes the final -- it is the final mile delivery stuff. And most of the larger cities anyway have restrictions on vehicle size, doing that final mile delivery. So, a medium a bigger medium duty truck is not really going to solve your problem. And they maybe don't need so many more of those. But, you know, could be -- there could be some substitution. I think the biggest impact for us was, we got this new JAC JV, we've got Foton going and they're both going gangbusters with great products and great -- great trucks and so it just kind of came to a screeching halt for a second while, this thing is getting rationalized. We think we still have a great line-up in either case, it's just that it, it had a pretty abrupt hit in the second quarter.
Tom Linebarger: So I -- here's the situation as you know, each of the OEMs has a number of businesses and another number of segments that they're trying to make sure that they're competitive and, and, you know, they use domestic engines and some of those segments and they use joint venture engines with us in other segments, and then a fair bit of those for export. And so, they always have to have multiple partnerships to cover themselves. Not to mention there are a number of government programs where they need to have domestic engine supply to comply with it. So we are, you know, we're now after, after many, many years there, we're now getting more used to this kind of thing where we, we think we've got the engine thing, good to go. And then all of a sudden, there's another partner in, but again, al-in-all, we still feel very good about our partnership with photon. And Rich, I know has spent some recent time with him, so I want to let Rich comment to on the photon partnership.
Tom Linebarger: I think, thanks for that. No, I do think those are just those regs. By the way, those are tough and draconian. There isn't a single OEM that is feeling nonplussed about those. But here's what I say is it they are just -- they are emblematic of what we're going to see across the world. And so, and especially now that regulators have in their sights, some of these new technologies, which look like they have lower, at least local emissions and the potential to potentially be economically viable. Things like of course, electrified power trains, or hybrids, or fuel cells, et cetera. Once they have those in their sights, and they think they can be economically viable, they are going to shove regulations harder, for obvious reasons. And Europe is, of course, one of them. But we will see them inevitably in the U.S. and elsewhere. So, we think that the content - and that's kind of linked back to my conversation, when Jerry asked me about Isuzu. I think all of our customers, and Cummins are all seeing significant investments required in power trains, power train components, and systems. And as well as in vehicles in order to be competitive and at the front end of their markets. Everybody has a good view of what those kinds of might be. But the amount of investment, the number of models that have to be covered, the different regulations that they're going to have to meet cities, countries regions, it looks daunting. So, what we're -- what we think is that that's the space where Cummins has historically been most successful. When that's kind of the technology challenge in front of us, we've made a bunch of investments, as you know, in EV, in hybrid in diesel and natural gas. And if we can complete this transaction with Hydrogenics will also have the beginnings of fuel cell offerings. So, our intent is to have the power train of choice for each of these, these providers, and including providing components in those technologies for them to integrate their own systems. So, we think, again, we will be at the forefront of technology. So, we are talking to every European manufacturer about the role they'd like us to play in their system, and everyone has a different view about that. We're clear that they are the system provider, and we're there to support them technically. And we think as you said it, whenever there is technology change, whenever regulations are challenging, that's the tail when to come in, because that's essentially what we make, that's what we differentiate on. That's where we our meals are made. So, we will invest you will lead there, we will ensure that that we're ready when they're ready to, to use us. And again, a lot of people are wringing their hands, figuring out how they're going to meet all these requirements. And we're just we show up every day and say, we're ready to help let us know what you want us to help.
Tom Linebarger: It seems to me too. Although I'm sure there'll be plenty of others that also see that. So, we'll show up with others there too. But I agree with you that it looks like an opportunity to us. We just don't want to get our cart in front of the horse. It's up to our OEMs to announce what they think. But we will be pushing hard to help those OEMs meet that standard with technology and components that we have.
Mark Smith: Okay, Jamie, so quickly the two main drivers of the lower margins for the engine business, lower top-line outlook which in part is due to a kind of leveling off of parts demand in North America, and then of course the lower outlook for joint venture, it is principally driven by China, especially driven by Canada lower outlook for the light duty market, which is really all negative impact the JV earnings which constrict off the EBITDA percent. So those are the two primary reasons otherwise everything else is pretty much in line.
Mark Smith: So, I think we will start to see a tail off certainly on a system side of our joint venture earnings towards the back half of the last year, so your method is exactly right, Steve. There is no assumption [ph], it is just kind of leveling out in aggregate and flat in the second half of the year.
Mark Smith: Yes, so I would say, I don't have exact numbers in but more than half, the channels putting split more than half going to through non-OEM channels. So, there is a wide range of customers buying inventory.
Mark Smith: Well, we will give you a more precise of that in the Analyst, Jerry, as we get a closer view on those markets, but as clear goal of improving cycle-over-cycle earnings, and you're right, yes, in the second half of this year, we will be in the kind of mid-teens, I think we've got to balance that against just some of the investment needs in the near-term on some of the new technologies. So, we'll come out and give you a clear answer, but you should be clear, that we committed to improving those earnings on the down cycle as well as the up.
Mark Smith: I think, when we look at our metrics business. There are pretty similar to where we were last year, our inventory hasn't certainly kind of leveled off in the second quarter. So, I would expect to be in that kind of the 20% of sales range for working capital overall, past dues were in pretty good shape, collections are in good shape. So yes, but to the extent we're facing some weaker outlook then would expect to bring it down. And there would be some positive cash flow impact from that earlier in the downturn.
Mark Smith: I guess, there are a number of factors that go into share repurchase in any given quarter. But we just restarted our current expectation is we'll get to around 75% of operating cash flow item. I guess there are some scenarios in which that could be a little bit different. Those are not the ones that we see right now for this year.
Mark Smith: Yeah, we're seeing a little bit of increase in our military business, and then a little bit of weakness in the all these segments in North America, which has been on a multiyear strong run. So that's feels like it's cycling down a little bit.
Mark Smith: Yes, David, it's Mark. So, I think we've just got some moving parts in some of those different comparisons. So, number one, the first a tougher compound China JV earnings partly due to adjustment in light duty, I think that comp gets a little bit easier in the second half of the year. And then we're lapping with a higher tariff run rate, remember the actual tariff expenses in the first half of the year close to zero. And so, we're just kind of lapping on those higher numbers. And then of course, we're doing relatively well on certainly on the heavy-duty market share. So, I think by and large, there is nothing heroic in the second half of the year, we've taken down our outlook for part, as Tom said, some of the actually weaker outlook are leveling off, maybe a better way to describe it already occurred in the second quarter. So, we're not expecting a significant down shift. For those, I think, are the major moving parts, not a significant amount of change in price, or material cost, first half to second half.
Mark Smith: That was just really back up to the overall company guidance, we've delivered something like 71% for the full -- for the first half of the year, we're at 16.25% to 16.75%. We've kind to maintain the margin guidance on a slightly weaker revenue outlook. So generally, things are going pretty according to plan on the cost side. So, I've got I think we would what we know today, that's our best guidance, and I don't think there's anything heroic in the numbers.
Mark Smith: I think this puts and takes around the business. But that's round about where we said at the start of the year. So yes, a little bit lower on parts. But overall, we're in that 80 basis points range for the year. Again, the pricing hasn't gone down, just a little bit a little volume gain.
Rich Freeland: Steven, its Rich. Let me give just a little background on parts, some perspective. We are parts and service business for last three years which has grown about 10% a year, since we put more and more product out there and more complex power trains, we've seen some pretty rapid growth in that. What we forecast about 4% to 5% growth again this year, including pricing and what we've seen is bit of a fall back on that. And mostly in North America as we look to truck utilization, the data is not a strong here, but our hypothesis is that older trucks are not being run as heavily and so therefore our parts and service down a bit. And when that happens, we've seen -- there will be some adjustment, kind of in dealer inventories and adjustment there. We don't think inventories are bloated at this time or excessive. I think just some prudent trimming of inventories is what I would expect to see. Again, this reduction that we put on our forecast basically says we will still be flat to last year. So, at a record levels and so it remains bullish going forward. We're putting out about 1.5 million engines a year, so over the last three years. So those engines move into the parts consuming business. So, we think a little bit of adjustment second half of the year, bullish long term.
Rich Freeland: Okay. Hey David, this is Rich. So, a few things. One, we're not seeing it in the short-term schedules, they remain strong. We see out our visibility through Q3. And what we're doing just planning for a scenario, where production begins to fall off as the backlog goes down. And so, we have no visibility to that. We've just seen it in past cycles that some OEMs don't run at this elevated rate, because people are working pretty close to capacity right now. As a backlog comes down, what we've seen in past cycles is people begin, don't run full steam all the way to the backlog is gone. They begin to moderate their production schedules. So, we haven't seen a lot of that, we built that into our guidance, but that will happen in Q4. And of course, there is a scenario where that doesn't happen. And we're prepared for that also. But that's the vision we have is more on what we've seen in past cycles, David.
Rich Freeland: That remains -- that look strong, as far out as we can see. And then the core activity is good. Our hit rate on getting market share on that. So, I mean, the general consensus is, we're not giving 2020 guidance, but that looks strong through the end of the year into next year at least.
Rich Freeland: Yes, so I would say our relationship with photon is as good as it's been in recent years. In fact, both relationship there and then the customers view of the Foton Cummins product. So, in fact, our share of Fotons so is up from 46% a year-ago, to in the mid-60s now. And so again, I think it's just as Tom says, the nature of the business there's going to be multiple options, always and so our strategy remains the same to work with the partners develop the best power train product and let customers choose, since we've kind of get used to it there will be customers will have multiple options, but right now I feel really good where we're positioned with Foton.
