Jay Craig: Thanks, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 3. As you can see from our results this quarter, we're off to a tremendous start for the year. I want to thank Meritor employees for the excellent performance. Regardless of the environment, this team exceeds expectations, as demonstrated last year, and right out of the gate, in fiscal 2021. Our Class 8 truck orders from North America, our largest market, rose to the fourth and fifth highest months in history, in November and December. We executed it exceedingly well, as you will hear from Chris and Carl. In fact, with truck volumes materially rising in almost all our end markets, we are raising our full year outlook significantly.  Since 2021 rebound provides us with increased confidence and a clear path to 2022 objectives, particularly because we believe that some of this year's headwinds, will become tailwinds next year, as we complete our current M-plans. At the same time, we're investing in the revolutionary technologies we are bringing to market. These technologies will give commercial vehicle OEMS, optimal solutions to meet regional CO2 reduction targets, and will also provide a host of other benefits.  At this point, I will turn the call over to Chris, for highlights for the quarter, and come back later for closing comments. 
Jay Craig: Thanks, Carl. Let’s turn to Slide 10. With this being my last call with you, I wanted to make a few comments before we go to questions. My first earnings call with Meritor was in the second quarter of 2008, and except for a few quarters in 2013, and ‘14, when I was running the business, I have not missed one. So, I guess that puts me somewhere close to 50 calls. While in charge and all CEOs and CFOs look forward to them, I can honestly say, I always did. Our investors and analysts, many of whom have been with us a long time, always drove us to be better, and challenged us to look at the business from different perspectives. Your insight, comments, and questions, contributed to the successful transformation of the company over the past several years. As I transition to the role of Executive Chairman, I have full confidence in Chris's ability and that of his leadership team, to maintain the trajectory of high performance that we have demonstrated for quite a long time now. Growing our base business, expanding our electrification capabilities, and maintaining excellent levels of operating performance, will continue to be the highest priority, as we remain focused on returning value to shareholders. As we near the successful completion of our third M-plan, we recognize the discipline and execution that it took to become the company we are today, and we'll proceed with the same diligence. For this, I want to thank all our employees around the globe that have helped us achieve the enormous stretch targets we have set for ourselves. I will miss working day to day with such a diverse, talented and driven team.  I also want to thank our Board of Directors for their support and guidance. We have a strong board with a diverse set of strengths, that has played an important role in the company's journey. I look forward to continuing to work with them as Executive Chairman. I wish all of you my best in the future. And with that, we will take your questions.
Jay Craig: Yes. And I’d say, Ryan - this is Jay. One last comment. There’s always been a significant difference between the commercial vehicle and the light vehicle OEs and the level of vertical integration of components. So we've obviously had a significant share of the drive train market across the EV industry, and we expect that to continue into the future, based on the discussions that we're having so far moving to electrification.
Jay Craig: Well, let me start off. And just following on Carl's comments, if you look at the three announcements today, they're all based off the 14Xe powertrain. So it's the perfect example of using the same product and making - as you called it, fungible across the three OEs. So that's one perspective that we're using. On top of that, when we - the announcement we made with PACCAR, the last one for a full EV kit, that includes the PCARs, the battery system, as well as the electric powertrain, or the 14Xe tandem. With that, I'll turn it over to Carl.
Jay Craig: Sure. Brian, I'll take that. And first of all, Brian, it's about five times in terms of content of our traditional vehicle platform. 
Jay Craig: Well, I think, the one thing is, as I look at it, and as I mentioned that competition and obviously is something that will make us all better and drive towards electrification and drive the products to be better across the whole spectrum. But specific to our products, I think the one great thing is, we're going to be first to production here in the summer of this year. We have over 100 vehicles on path.  And in that sense, if you look at our product, I think the best part about it is the fact that it's fully integrated. You have a motor integrated with an axle, integrated with the wheel end, and that’s - the sense of what we're putting together, that's only about 100 to 150 pounds heavier than a standard axle. So if you put that in perspective, you're removing an engine and a transmission and shrink - then shrinking it into that space.
Jay Craig: Well, again, I think we're focused on the product, and let's call it the weight class. So when we come in, we're looking at it as, what does the 14Xe powertrain cover? And we think about it as the Class 8 line hall space, or just down to a medium duty, the top end of a Class 7 space. And we're taking a product and positioning it where it can go across, whether it's to a new entrant, or to a company that's been well entrenched and a customer of Meritor for many, many years. So - and there's perfect examples of both ends of that spectrum, even in our announcements in the last two quarters, whether it's Autocar and PACCAR on one side, or Lion and Volta on the other side.
Chris Villavarayan: Thanks, Jake. We're obviously pleased with our results this quarter. On revenue that was essentially flat year-over -year, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 60 basis points higher than the same period last year, and free cash flow was up significantly. Carl will give you more details on the financials in just a moment, but the primary takeaway is that we're optimistic about the demand for commercial vehicles throughout the remainder of fiscal 2021.  We expect significantly higher volumes than most markets, as most economies deploy fiscal and monetary stimuli, the vaccine rollout gains momentum, and the demand for goods increases, particularly in North America. On the right half of this slide, we highlight business wins this quarter. You will remember that last November, we said we expected to exceed our M2022 new business target of 300 million. We're going to talk about some of those contracts that are driving that outperformance in our truck and industrial businesses, as well as production awards for our electric powertrain.  Moving to Slide 4, you will see a few examples of customers with whom we have recently secured new business on a variety of applications. In India, we have additional axle contracts with Ashok Leyland and Daimler India, for medium and heavy duty vehicle. We now have standard position with Terex for front and rear drive axles and brakes on concrete mixers. We will supply an existing customer with independent front suspensions for recreational vehicles, and we have entered a new three-year LTA with John Deere for 100% of its applicator axles. Transitioning to electrification, Slide 5 gives you a look at additional contracts we’ve secured for our ePowertrain. As mentioned last quarter, we believe we'll be the first supplier to manufacture electric ePowertrains for Class 8 trucks. These new contracts reflect the application flexibility we’ve designed into our electric powertrain portfolio, and the growing demand for Meritor’s solution. The ePowertrain is an integrated product, engineered to allow for a variety of subsystems, including axle, transmission, motors, wheel ends, and brakes, to function as one efficient system.  We have entered into a five-year agreement to supply Meritor’s 14Xe electric powertrains for Autocar’s refuse vehicle. With Lion Electric, a Canadian manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles, we signed a three-year agreement to supply our heavy duty tandem electric powertrain for Lion’s AT tractor. And we’ve also secured a three-year contract with Volta Trucks in London. Meritor’s 14Xe will be equipped on the Volta Zero, a full land 16-tonne commercial vehicle designed for inner city parcel and freight distribution. We expect revenues from all these contracts to ramp up in 2023. With the industry recognition we have already received for this product, the growing number of production contracts, we are highly confident that Meritor’s electric powertrain represents game-changing technology for commercial vehicles.  Carl will now provide more detail on our financial results.
Chris Villavarayan: James, it's Chris Villavarayan. I'll take that question. So what we talked about is a line of sight for $500 million, of which, with the announcements we've made today with booked business to $400 million. And we still have our line of sight for the last $100 million to the targets that we had provided earlier. And then talking about the three agreements that we announced today with Lion Electric Volta, and Autocar, that accounts for a total of $200 million of booked up business in total. We're not breaking that out by year.
Chris Villavarayan: Sure. Ryan, it’s Chris Villavarayan. I'll start the question and then maybe hand it over to Carl to just provide some of the financials. But very quickly, with the acquisition of AxleTech, obviously this has been a very important market. And so, as part of M2022, we also had a strategy to grow in this market. And so, what we're doing is exactly executing on that strategy. The new win is part of a growth strategy and is not associated with the current market growth. So we had a plan to grow this business, and that's exactly what we're doing.  Specific to electrification, we are looking at, let's call it independent suspensions with Wieland Motors, but that is something that we're exploring a little bit further. With that, I'm going to turn it to Carl.
Chris Villavarayan: Well, I'll take that question, Ryan. Just maybe first perspective, from a broad spectrum, when we look at the three customer awards that we presented today, Autocar, a nameplate that's been around for 125 - 123 years. And then if you look at Volta, it's a brand new entrant, and Lion’s been in the market for about 10 years. So it's great to see that from a broad spectrum of customers, they see the value in Meritor’s product. Now, specific to where we see this growth, we do see - the first thing that we're focused on is obviously completing our pipeline. And to that point, we’re testing with a multitude of OEs right now around the globe. So hopefully we can talk about more wins here, but right now, we're targeting - targeted on closing out on our $500 million book of business that we talk about. Specific to the GM, and let's call it the skateboard, I think when you look at - the best part about it is, in terms of whether you look at OEs integrating this, the best part of electrification is in any sense, I think what it does is, it drives competition, and it will speed us faster towards sustainable energy. And in any sense, as we look at the real estate we have, it just means more content for us, no matter what happens. And in that sense, our perspective is that as long as we're in this space, this will continue to grow for us. 
Chris Villavarayan: So, Joe, I'll take that question. And I think the perspective that we use, if we look at the Class 8, let's call it the medium and the heavy duty Class 8 market, and we look at, what is the percentage of electrification, and we aim for that, or a percentage - a fair share of that. And in essence, work with every OE that is approaching that space and provide our product. But in overall in how we capacitize, we're looking at what we believe will be the model of what roles will be there in electrification as a percentage of the overall market.
Chris Villavarayan: Yes. I think, Joe, to that point, I think it’s - for us, it’s more about the product as far as all the development, all of the testing that we have done and kind of how that stands. And I do think, as we think about how that fits in with whether a couple of the startups with existing customers and obviously the large OE customers we have today, that is kind of the focus. And we do believe our product is a differentiator, and that will - is really kind of the path to market for us across all of these potential opportunities.
Chris Villavarayan: Yes. So nothing was new. This was just - we didn't talk about this last quarter as well. So we just helped to try to frame what the impact we will see in ‘22 as a result from these optimization plans. So in total, we are expecting, as you kind of compare ‘22 to ‘21, it's probably somewhere about $13 million to $15 million of tailwind, if we think about EBITDA as we enter ’22, once we're fully are - complete these facility closures. 
Chris Villavarayan: We do, Brian. And I think, just as you have experienced with Jay, we've in essence, always done - started preparing for the release of it a year in advance. And so, we're in the process of developing our M2025 strategy. And ideally, we'd like to have it with all of you in-person, probably at the end of the year or worst case, let's call it at the beginning of next year. But that's our goal right now, is to drive for the end of this year.
Chris Villavarayan: Sure. Let me - Bruce, I'll take that question. So when - in terms of the market, obviously going back probably fall of last year, not too many of us could have predicted this return. However, as we looked at the last November, December, 40s and supplies, truck order intakes, and then with January at 42,000, in essence what we're seeing from our customers is, all of them are cautiously raising line rates up, primarily focused on three things. One is COVID. The second one is looking at the impact of the supply chains. And then the final one is also being mindful of finding folks to be able to staff up the shifts.  So - but with that, what we're seeing right now is, the backend or the mid to backend of this is, line rates are starting to come back up with most of our customers. So that's one perspective. And specific to electrification, I think it's a very fair question. I think when you think about electrification, the cyclicality should come out because of - you think about a growth that is much more muted as the growth goes through. I think we'll see far less cyclicality. So I hope that's helpful.
Carl Anderson: Good morning, James. Yes, as it relates to fiscal ’21, as I referenced, we do expect all in, to have about 19% conversion on the incremental revenue that we're seeing. We are faced with a couple of headwinds, and I referenced both steel and incentive compensation, but with - and as it relates to electrification. In the quarter, we did at $6 million of higher electrification spend compared to a year ago. We are also probably tracking closer to the $30 million of electrification expense within fiscal year ‘21 as well. So overall, as we look forward, we're very confident in our ability to continue to deliver and get close to that 20% kind of incremental margins for fiscal 21, but more importantly, it really is - as I laid out, we're definitely on track to deliver on our ‘22 target.
Carl Anderson: Ryan, that business kind of resides in our industrial segment. And if I look at what we're seeing in that, especially entering into ‘21 in total, we do now see our industrial business up on a high single digit percent on a year-over-year basis at this point.
Carl Anderson: Yes, Joe, as we look at it, we're not chasing all the various startups. We’re really just focused on what's fitting our product portfolio. So that's kind of one of the first lens that we look through. And as Chris just discussed, we are - we both have the kit side, as well as the 14Xe and the axle side, and 17Xe in the future. And as we look forward, our expectation is, when it kind of flips to profitability, it’s probably outside the ‘22 time horizon, but as we see it now, that that can come potentially as early as in 2023, depending on what we're seeing in the market at that time. 
Carl Anderson: Yes, I think, Brian, I would say, over the last six years, we've seen that margin move up, not only cost reductions, but from all the new products we've introduced, taken out the traditional side. And I would say, our expectations for the electric products are no different. We’ll be introducing products we think have more concepts and higher margin.
Carl Anderson: Okay. Good morning, Itay. As it relates to - maybe I’ll answer the free cash flow first, yes, no change in our planning assumptions for ’22. We still expect to drive and achieve the 75% free cash flow conversion. I think in the short term, in ‘21, I think every cash flow is cutting a high 50% - just about 70% as we are expanding a little bit of our CapEx spend this year by about $10 million, which is one of the drivers to that. As relating to the end market assumptions, we're not updating them today, but what we did say back in November, we were still planning for replacement demand market levels in North America and Europe, primarily in 2022. And it's something that, just based off the strength of the market that we're seeing here in ’21, we will be taking a closer look at that once again as we kind of get later out this year and provide a further update as we kind of get into ‘22. 
