Ivor J. Evans: Thanks, Kevin. Let's turn to Slide 15. When we met with you in February, we highlighted several reasons that make Meritor a sound investment. This quarter, we made solid progress with accomplishments that further validate our investment thesis. First, we said we had a clear and simple plan to improve performance in 2016. That plan is working. As I said earlier, we're aligned and focused on 9 objectives, and we're on track to achieve the 3 financial metrics we have established for EBITDA margin, net debt and incremental revenue. Also in the second quarter, we launched our new air disc brake program with Scania in Europe. This business was part of the $120 million pipeline we captured last year. We have strong partnerships that we're focused on growing. We're proud of our new 4-year agreement with DTNA, which is a year longer than the last agreement, and we're ready to begin new axle business with Daimler India. We're also working hard to build and sustain relationships with other important global players like Volvo, Navistar, MAN, DAF and Mahindra to name just a few. Our margins are improving. In the first quarter, we expanded our adjusted EBITDA margin 250 basis points year-over-year. This quarter, margins grew by 170 basis points from the same period last year. We briefly told you our liquidity was strong and we were evaluating further action to improve the balance sheet. We did that this quarter with a series of transactions. Our cash flow is improving. In the first quarter this year, we had the strongest first quarter free cash flow since fiscal year 2010. This quarter, we had the best second quarter results since that same year. Defense programs, including the Humvee Recap and the JLTV, continue to show good potential for Meritor. Meritor's ProTec High Mobility Suspension successfully completed 100,000 miles of on- and off-road testing in Lockheed Martin's JLTV. This equates to about 62% of the required test miles. The transformational change in our approach to material cost management is working. As you saw, material performance this quarter helped contribute to our favorable results. And our global operations are getting more efficient. In Europe, we achieved a 98% delivery and strong conversion during the first quarter pre-buy. We now believe we are in an up-cycle for Class 8 trucks in North America with the best 4-month period of orders from December to March since 2006. We are ready and responding as demand increases. We're managing the process carefully to ensure we convert incremental sales at normal levels, which would reflect better performance than in previous production cycles. Overall, we're showing consistent improvements in financial performance, balance sheet management, cost structure and operational excellence. We're also winning important new business with large global players. Raising guidance for the full year is further indication that the actions we're taking are sustainable. We are building momentum and looking forward to the second half of the year. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Ivor J. Evans: Patrick, I'll go ahead take a pass at it, and if Kevin can add a little more color, fine. But Aftermarket is tracking to forecast and the trailer market has picked up nicely. So we feel very encouraged about both our Aftermarket and our Trailer business as well. Kevin, I don't know if you have anything you want to further...
Ivor J. Evans: Patrick, as you know, our contract expires this fall in October. We are encouraged with our discussions, but we don't have any announcements to make at this time. I think that if you step back, the good news from both Volvo and our perspective is that we both see long-term value in our relationship. And I think it's fair to say that we see a path forward, but I don't really have any more than that at this point in time.
Ivor J. Evans: That date is still a good date, and we expect the trial to last 8 days as we've communicated before. But really don't have any more to update than that, Brian.
Ivor J. Evans: There's 2. Humvee timing, we expect 2 contractors to be selected for the EMD, or the Engineering Manufacturing Design phase. That should occur late August or September of this year, and we expect the final contract to be awarded a year from now -- a year from September 2015. And the JLTV is, we expect that selection to be late 2015. And as I mentioned in my comments, we're performing well on the test phase with Lockheed Martin.
Ivor J. Evans: No, you got it right, Robert. It was restocking. It's a replenishment of inventories at this point in time. And obviously, as I mentioned, we're coming off a weak comparison. So we're not declaring victory as far as the Chinese market, but we are seeing some increase orders to replenish inventory.
Ivor J. Evans: No, we expect to be able to, as we increase revenues, to be able to leverage our functional spend. It's something that we pay attention to, we work hard on it. And obviously as we win new businesses we may have a few incremental increases. But overall, we expect to be able to leverage our functional spend going forward.
Ivor J. Evans: There could be some incremental dollar growth. But as far as rate, we should expect to be able to see that being leveraged. And you saw that, by the way, in the sequential walk from last quarter to this quarter as well.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, sure. Patrick, it's Kevin. With respect to the sustainability, I mean, this is part of our M2016 initiative. As we look at material, labor and burden performance, we have specific objectives in that regard. In material, we're driving for 2.5% annual net material performance; in labor and burden, in the same zip code; and we're were achieving it. We achieved it last year in '13, we're on pace to achieve it in 2014. So it's 1 of those 9 key strategies we're focused on in terms of driving that type of performance as part of M2016, and we expect to sustain that and deliver that through M2016.
Kevin Nowlan: No. And I think you can see that when you look at -- it wasn't just this quarter. It was last quarter and it's been prior quarters. I mean, we continue to see that improvement in our margin, so it's not a 1 quarter phenomenon, what you're seeing. You can see it quarter-over-quarter continuing.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, we're definitely seeing, on a year-over-year basis, the Aftermarket business is up from a revenue perspective with truck production, and that's why we provide the U.S. truck freight ton-mile as kind of an indicator, a directional indicator as to what we expect in the Aftermarket performance from a revenue perspective. And then from a margin perspective, Aftermarket has historically been one of our better contributing margin businesses. So we would expect to generate pretty healthy conversion as we see revenue growth there. Now this quarter, on a year-over-year basis, that was tempered by the fact that we no longer have Suspensys helping those earnings, so that's a year-over-year headwind, and we did have some modest inventory accruals that we booked in the quarter for E&O. So -- but overall you should expect that to be one of our better converting businesses.
Kevin Nowlan: Exactly right. So on a year-over-year -- so second quarter of a year ago, we generated about $4 million, $2 million of which was in the Aftermarket & Trailer segment. The other $2 million was in the Truck segment. So Aftermarket's down $2 million year-over-year, but exactly like you said, it was EBITDA with no sales.
Kevin Nowlan: I wouldn't call it a one-time thing. I mean, every quarter, we're assessing our inventory for excess and obsolescence to see if there are any inventory adjustments we need to make. And from time to time, we make adjustments. So it was a small amount, couple of million dollars in the quarter. And it happens from time to time, particularly in businesses where you carry a lot of inventory to support that business like the Aftermarket business.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, that's exactly right. We don't have any Venezuelan exposure, so from a market perspective or an FX perspective, there is 0 exposure that we have to that market. From a Brazilian perspective, obviously, it's an important business for us. I think it was about $450 million in revenue last year and we have had some FX headwinds there. I mean, for the quarter, the Brazilian real was about 2.35. Keep in mind, a year ago it was about 2. So on a year-over-year basis, that's impacted us quarter-to-quarter, Q2 to Q2, about $22 million in revenue, the Brazil real, and about $5 million or so in EBITDA. But sequentially, it didn't have a big impact on us even though there was some depreciation, maybe about $4 million of revenue in the quarter. The good news is we're offsetting that with performance, so you're not seeing that pop as a real big bad news item that's not being offset by other things like volume, mix, pricing and performance.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I will. I mean, as you look at 2014, I mean, the primary reason why we're taking up our guidance is obviously driven by revenue but our ability to execute on converting on that revenue. And we're guiding to a range on revenue and we're guiding to approximately margin. But if you just kind of do the math on some of the midpoints, it would imply a high-teens conversion on that revenue, which is showing that the cost performance initiatives that we are executing are sticking and that we're able to convert successfully on the incremental revenue we're seeing. And we would expect that to continue.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, I think there's a couple of headwinds that we need to keep in mind as we look at the second half of the year. The first starting with kind of markets and the mix impact of that. We obviously have South America where we're taking down our guidance on the second half of the year with that market coming down quite a bit, so that's impacted the way we think about the second half versus what we were thinking before. Second is, our military business, which is another high-margin business for us, is down 50% in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. Big mix impact for us there. And finally, in the North American market, with the upturn, we have seen steel indices increase on a year-over-year basis. As you look at bar and hot-rolled, I mean, you're seeing up about 7% or 8% on a year-over-year basis, we saw the indices peak in January. And so that's going to have an impact on us in the back half of the year. And even though we have recovery mechanisms, those recovery mechanisms, as you recall, are on a lag, and so we're not likely to get the recovery on those until early in '15. So those are the things, as you think about why second half is implicitly guided to something lower than first half. Those are the headwinds that we're seeing and to keep in mind.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, those initiatives, along with a number of other initiatives, are baked into the M2016 target. But keep in mind, we have a pipeline that far exceeds the $500 million target we're driving for. We embed all of the initiatives that we're working toward and then we put a discount factor on that, kind of a macro-level discount. And there's no single award that would -- that if we didn't win, would cause us to miss that target. So while those are important programs to hitting $500 million, we're not dependent on any one program to hit the $500 million.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not giving specific guidance, obviously, on each of the last 2 quarters. You can do some of the math, though, and look at what our guidance is implying about the second half of the year, and obviously, it's implying that our margins are going to be down. So you're absolutely right when you look at Q3. Q3 is a difficult comp for us given that we generated 8.8% EBITDA margin in that quarter. But again, keep in mind we do have some headwinds heading into the second half of the year that I spoke of earlier that'll hit us over the course of the next 2 quarters. I talked about how we took down our guidance in South America, FMTV stepping down and the modest increase in steel economics that we're seeing in North America.
