Chip McClure: Thanks, Jay. Before we open the call to your questions, I’d like to reiterate that we are hopeful that the rebound we are beginning to see in many of our markets is a start of a turn around for our industry. After spending 2009, reacting to the downturn and implementing some very tough cost reductions to get the results we needed to ensure our future, I believe we are now stronger than ever. Our accomplishments in the second quarter underscore the strength of our core business and demonstrated the initiatives would be implemented our working. We have cash flexibility to grow and are well positioned to take forward advantage of a global market as they rebound.  As we look ahead we’ll continue to focus on our priorities we align to you in December and these include a continued focus on cost management. Complete the sale of our light vehicle business which we are looking towards finishing sometime this calendar year. Successful execution during the rebound in our global markets, drive innovation by accelerating new products and advance fuel efficient technologies. Maintain our focus on sustainable profitable growth and continue to strengthen our balance sheet.  As the global markets recover and we leverage the strength of our worldwide operations, we are confident that our business will continue to deliver positive results. Thank you. Now lets open up for questions.
Chip McClure: Patrick this is Chip, I would say it’s probably more the former. If you look back when they did the reduction obviously they reduced inventory significantly to some of the season inventory build but more recently are again we are kind of bifurcated between Northern Europe and Southern Europe. We are seeing some strengthening in Northern Europe and obviously we are filing some of the activities going in Southern Europe. So I think initially it was probably more the inventory build and then some pick up in the market. Then I think the third part in that really is when you look at exports and a lot of the European truck manufacturers have a strong presence primarily in South America. So I would say probably the third part of that is export where they have primarily focus in South America.
Chip McClure: Yes, we are seeing, I would call it kind of a marginal increase in that so yeah I would say marginally improving but still seeing some incremental increase that way.
Chip McClure: No, actually the temporary add backs were pretty much kind of across the board, when you look at the year-over-year comparison I think probably the big difference is there was a large slug of MRAP orders back year ago in this quarter which is often referred to this you got kind of different time that kind of peaks up and it did peak up last year this time which we are not seeing the same benefit of that at this time. But the other part of your question the temporary increases were essentially across boards through our merit.
Chip McClure: I would say on some of that Himanshu, some of that were actually as I kind of indicated when you look at sales in Europe I think that starting to come back in the aftermarket side. And again we are seeing at both because of the seasonality but also improvement here in North America.
Chip McClure: Let me go inside of LVS and then let Jay kind of talk on the pension and the transaction is continuously indicated before and we are trying to target a transaction, be completed by the close of the calendar year, this year. Books are out, initial bridge are coming in as we speak. I think there is still a great deal of interest out there for either body systems as a whole or in several pieces. So there is a great deal of interest from another potential buyers out there and as I think we said in the last couple of calls, we really got to a point that the cost deteriorate is really the minimum. So we want to make sure that our work is at the proper accordance but with the objective of achieving the best possible outcome for our shareholders, customers and employees. So, we continue to move along and there continuous to be interest out there for us.
Chip McClure: Yeah, actually because one is, for me the capacity; two is, it’s a little further in country a little bit more so obviously it gives us a better access to a number of other but both current and potential customers and; three, it gives us good access for future tactical people both on the manufacturing side and the engineering side.
Chip McClure: I don’t anticipate anything significant on that. I mean because we’re going to do this in a measured approach, we got people and the good news there is, we got the infrastructure in place that they can be people can move fairly easy that way. So, I do not anticipate a significant impact that way.
Jay Craig: The sales both in aftermarket and the trailer operations in that segment were up slightly sequentially from Q1 to Q2.
Jay Craig: And how much on the pension question, we don’t break out between what is in the truck, what’s allocated to the truck in the light vehicle operations but just to give some color, the majority of it would be associated with commercial vehicle. We do have some European plans that are directly applicable to the light vehicle operations. But the majority of the US application is associated with the truck operations.
Jay Craig: I think that’s to be expected probably after pretax. The biggest change as I mentioned in reviewing the slide this just pretax items. So they are below the line items are not expected to repeat in the third quarter. So the after tax number will be then be down because of that. 
Jay Craig: Sure. On chart 11, that would be the third and fourth line from the top. So, the reversal of the valuation allowances and the lines label is other $8 million and $12 million respectively if we do not expect to recur.
Jay Craig: As I mentioned in the presentation, we think we’ve reached the full run rate on the temporary cost reductions. We should not see any incremental amount coming in, in the future quarters. Now if you recall we did have a place for holder back in the December conference for some additional incremental investments. So, we may see some of that in the future as we go forward but I don’t think that should have a significant impact.
Jay Craig: We surely believe that’s manageable and if we do expect the rapid increases that are being seen in iron ore and scrap metal, it will have some impact on us but just a slight impact and that’s just related to the like effect in terms of us receiving those higher price goods and then passing along those higher prices through our contractual agreements with our end customers.
