Jay Craig: Well, I think as we – Himanshu, this is Jay. Good morning. I think as we guided in December, we expected – I think was $52 million annually of those add-backs. So certainly, we do expect additional add-backs as the quarters go on. It's still within that range. Remember that the $52 million that we disclosed in December was a number directed towards guidance for just our core operations and included in the amount for the quarter is also some of the add-backs of pay and variable compensation for the light vehicle operations as well.
Jay Craig: It should, but again, the $52 million was just for the CVS operations. So that net difference of $33 million maybe a bit larger, because we do have some light vehicle restoration of pay cuts and variable compensation that we expect for the remainder of the year up until the point that we get to the disposal of that business.
Jay Craig: I think we are – our thinking is still very consistent with where we were at the Analyst Day, which is our near-term focus is working on the renewal of the revolving credit facility, which we know will involve looking at our 2012 bonds applications and our need to refinance at least a portion of those.
Jay Craig: Sure. Yes – good morning, Patrick. This is Jay. Couple points to make note of there is, one, our working capital metrics are staying relatively constant. So I think you are going to look at changes in revenue and then the consistency of our working capital metrics with some improvement in inventory turns. But as far as the ability, if there was rapid increases in revenues, to offset that with off-balance sheet factoring, it depends on the mix of that revenue growth. If it's – if it predominantly comes from Europe where those programs exist for us, it would be offset by the off-balance sheet factoring programs. If it come – if the growth is more heavily weighted towards North America, that would have less of a benefit for us.
Jay Craig: I think on the production assumption side, we are not providing production assumptions into the – into our second fiscal quarter. We – part of it is also, Brian, that on the light vehicle side, which is included in our guidance. We are seeing some of the runoff of the European stimulus programs, particularly the one in Germany just ended and then France is scheduled to end shortly. And our light vehicle business body systems, the lion's share of its business is directed towards the European market. So we do expect some small decline there that maybe offset by some continued growth on the commercial vehicle side. But we are seeing – on the commercial vehicle side for example, we are expecting North American demand to be roughly flat quarter-over-quarter.
Jay Craig: Brett, we are seeing just a slight increase in commodity costs, nothing that is overly concerning to us. But again, on our – remember, if you recall on our commercial vehicle business, we do have what we believe are very effective pass-through mechanisms that do have some lags associated with them, but had worked quite effectively as those costs have increased in the past. But right now, we are expecting fairly insignificant commodity cost increases.
Jay Craig: Well, thanks for the easy question, Brett, on pondering. But the – I think as we look at our long-term goal of being to BB credit metric, we look at all of our planning assumptions within that timing horizon and try to ascertain if we will generate internally the liquidity required to meet those goals. And we take that input into consideration in looking at any capital market activities we are considering making in the future and look at that in its entirety. So that's kind of where we are in the process right now.
Jay Craig: We are still feeling that we – you are correct in restating that our goal is by this summer of this year to hopefully have completed that process. And we are still feeling comfortable that that is an achievable goal at this time.
Jay Craig: I think we – again, we have put previously some disclosures in the 10-K that were written in the context of looking at the rest of the company. But we are – I would say we are encouraged with the recent performance, but we should recall that the body systems business, which is the bulk of the remaining light vehicle business, does reside a portion of it in Western Europe. So as we are looking at alternatives there, there could be some required restructuring cost to just contract some of that production capability there. But we are working to minimize any of those obligations and again feel encouraged by recent performance.
Jay Craig: Yes, we have guidance on the cash – cash piece of the restructuring and I think it is $25 million we are expecting in cash restructuring. The amount incurred in the first quarter was $5 million.
Jay Craig: Right now, I believe, what is – what's outstanding at the end of the quarter on the off-balance sheet line [ph] was $147 million as of the end of December. And that was an increase of $54 million from the previous quarter-end.
Jay Craig: I think it's a still around breakeven. I mean, it's consistent with the overall results for the company.
Jay Craig: Okay, I'll try to – just making a note of the questions here. First question on the accrual for restructuring, you are correct; we had $2 million in the first quarter. We have not disclosed guidance on that, but I think we – I would say we expect that the run rate on that maybe a bit higher as we go on in the year. The – as far as the percentage of SG&A, certainly the step-up to 7.4% from 6.7% in Q4 was entirely due to the temporary cost reductions that were reinstated in the first quarter, primarily the pay reinstatement and some variable compensation accruals. I don't think as a percentage, you should necessarily hold that constant in the future because some of that cost is fixed at this point in time going forward. As far as letters of credit, our letters of credit at 12/31 were actually $26 million against our line of credits – line of credit. And then I think your last question was, if I recall correctly, revenues from continuing operations.Derrick Wenger – Jefferies & Co.: Yes.
Jay Craig: The line is – the availability was $605 million and the – again, the letters of credit were $26 million.Derrick Wenger – Jefferies & Co.: Okay. So total availability of your $666 million –
Jay Craig: I'm sorry, I misunderstood your question for a moment. The borrowings under the revolver were $35 million at the end of the year.Derrick Wenger – Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Chip McClure: Well, Himanshu, let me start – this is Chip. Let me first of all start by saying, yes, there is no question that we have really focused on that and actually going back to the better part of the year to make sure we can improve the cost performance on that and I see – I think you are seeing that reflected in the first quarter results on that. I'll also tell you there is a significant level of interest in body systems business by a lot of global players. So that is still clearly out there that way. And we are still committed to that process of moving forward with that. So yes, I think it is. As we look at that – and I guess the third thing as we should also say, there is some volume increase we have seen in some areas. And fourthly, as I kind of indicated in my comment, is there are some new program wins that our body team has done, all of which I think adds to the overall enterprise value of the business. So as we look at, bottom line, a lot of interest out there from a lot of global players and clearly, our focus is to go through this process through 2010 to make sure we get the best outcome for our shareholders, customers, employees, but we do feel good about the process going forward.
Chip McClure: Sure. As you look at it, we are seeing it – I think in reverse order, we are seeing some incremental increase in Europe and obviously, I think that is from the very deep bottom that they were at this past summer. So we are seeing a sequential increase in Europe. Here in North America, as I look at that, really it's kind of our order board, if you will, is booked out through the end of this quarter and into early next quarter with a lot of the 2009 engines that are now being put into vehicles. So we do see that through this quarter and into the beginning of next quarter with some improving strength of orders out into the May-June time frame. And then looking longer term, we are starting to see some 2010-compliant truck build orders being placed, but still it's very early on that. So as we see it the next several months, we do see a strong order board for the engines that were built in 2009 and we, like others, continue to see what takes place in the second half of the year as it relates to 2010 compliant engines.
Chip McClure: We are still 24/7 there. If I look at our China business in particular, it is primarily off-highway and so as you look at the infrastructure build, which about half the stimulus funds are targeted for that, that continues very strong in that way. And as I kind of indicated in my comment, we have actually made some additional increment investment with our partner there to do that. So we actually see that, because of the businesses we are in, continuing very strong even currently and kind of going forward.
Chip McClure: Well, as you know, just to kind of give you a background of that, that – the trail was bifurcated in two phases, the liability phase and the damages phase. And as you know, the courts did rule in our favor on the liability phase. So we are – and at this point, Eaton has stated kind of publicly they plan to appeal the decision. So at this point, we are kind of moving along with the court on that as they move towards the damages phase. But at this point, there is no other update than what we provided the last time and obviously, at the same time, we do recognize that Eaton has stated their public intention to appeal the process. So we are somewhat just in the process with the court right now.
Chip McClure: I don't know if there has been a date set at this point, Brian. And obviously, the rest of that kind of have to defer to the court and that's why we really deferred to the court as to the process for that. So no date has been set at this point.
Chip McClure: Yes, this is Chip. And as I look at that, what they are really talking about, I believe, is 2010-built engines. As I indicated, we are still seeing a good order book kind of going forward for the next several months because it really is being built with 2009 engines. So ours is a little different that way. We do see some uncertainty till we get to the second half of the year as it relates to 2010 engines. But as you look at the next quarter or quarter-and-a-half for us, if you will, our third fiscal quarter, because of the inventory of 2009 engines, we do see a strong order book there, but then we – like I commented and kind of saying we then have to look at the second half of the year for the ramp-up in the 2010 engines. So it's just a little different where they are in the supply chain and they are kind of upfront with engine supply and we are more down towards the end of the finished trucks. So it's the difference in timing.
Chip McClure: Yes, this is Chip McClure again. I just want to thank everybody for their time, their questions, and their attention and support. And we look forward to talking to you in the near future. I wish you all a good day. Thank you very much.
