Christopher Clulow: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins' results for the second quarter of 2022. Participating with me today are Tom Linebarger, our Executive Chairman; Jen Rumsey, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the risk factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.  During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we'll refer you to our website for the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com.  With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our Executive Chairman, Tom Linebarger one more time. Thanks.
Christopher Clulow: Yes. Steve, it's Chris. Yes, we experienced about that same level in the first half, and we expect it to hold throughout the year. I think the demand is still very high, particularly in the heavy-duty market, in North America as well as the global Power Systems markets. Mining, oil and gas have strong demands there for aftermarket parts, rebuilds and whatnot. So we expect that to hold certainly through the remainder of 2022.
Christopher Clulow: Great. Thanks, Maria. That concludes our teleconference for the day. Thank you all for participating and your continued interest. As always, the Investor Relations team will be available for questions after the call. Thanks.
Jennifer Rumsey: Great. Thanks, Jerry. Yes, we continue to experience an environment where supply chain is limiting our production in most of our markets. And as you've seen, the team here has worked really hard to navigate that and continue to deliver as much product as we can to our customers who are also experiencing issues.  Some of those issues have lessened. We continue however to experience constraints, in particular, in the electronics space, microprocessors and other electronic components. We've seen improvement in our premium freight and also are closely monitoring what's going on with the standard freight rates. So while we have some improvement off the peak, we're still running at high levels as we continue to navigate disruptions caused by a combination of supply constraints and COVID-related disruptions.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Great, great. Thanks, Tom. As Mark and Tom have said, we're in a cyclical business. We have a strong team that understands how to navigate and manage over the cycles and use the cycles to strengthen the business and emerge stronger. And this is not a typical cycle because, coming out of the COVID-19 -- early part of COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen really strong demand that has been constrained by supply chain constraints across the industry. And we have been unable to meet our collective customer demand in these markets outside of China. That have been strong now for 18 months. You see that showing up in very high aftermarket demand as well as customers have been using these products heavily and had higher parts demand as they worked to keep them running.  So despite the fact that we do see some decrease in spot rates, some reduction off of really high indicators, when I talk to customers and look at some of these backlogs and freight activity, it's still very strong. And they still would like us to supply more than we're able to. So the conversations are all focused on where are we at with supply constraints and can we ship more to them. We continue to monitor those overall indicators. At this point, end customer demand is strong. Aftermarket demand is strong. Used truck prices continue to be elevated. And also recall, with higher fuel prices, these more fuel-efficient, next-generation products are attractive to customers. And so we'll continue to stay close to it and monitor what happens. But right now, we see supply being the constraint through this year outside of China.
Jennifer Rumsey: Thank you, Jamie. Appreciate the question. And as you noted, Tom and I have developed the Destination Zero strategy together. I've been a member of the Cummins leadership team now for more than 7 years as Chief Technical Officer, leading the Components business, Chief Operating Officer, and now CEO. So the strategy, the focus of the company going forward remains the same. The commitment to all of our stakeholders to deliver strong results, to really create strategic advantage to our people will continue.  I think the big difference is just that, as we continue to operate in this evolving environment, paying attention to how markets are evolving, technologies are evolving, integration of Meritor, major new company, I'm going to be thinking a lot about strategic execution, and what does that mean for different parts of our business as our strategy evolves and paying attention to a more dynamic environment. And that's one of the reasons why I've kept the President role in addition to CEO is to stay close to the businesses as we focus not only on continuing to refine that strategy, but really driving strategic execution and delivering results.  As it relates to next year, we'll, of course, talk later more about next year. You've heard us say we see supply being the limiting factor through this year. Backlog is strong. China is down, and will improve, right? There's a lot of opportunity to improve. And Cummins is very well positioned. Our products are performing very well. The customer demand for that product is strong. We have new partnership opportunities in the core business and in New Power. And we'll continue to invest in products that will position the company for the future and manage through the cycles as they come.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Good question. So obviously, we've moved forward with our JBS acquisition and Meritor will complete this week. We're continuing to make these key investments in the future. And we are still in the process on the separation of our Filtration business as we've disclosed previously and monitoring the environment as that continues.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, yes. Great question. So we did -- we delivered the highest revenue in the second quarter to date from our New Power business at $42 million and made a lot of progress across all parts of the business. So you saw announcements of new partnerships on fuel cells, both on and off-highway, where we think long term the market will move. Continuing to make progress and having lots of conversations on the electrolyzers and demonstrating the capability of our PEM electrolyzer solutions there. And we believe, as we demonstrate some of those larger installations of PEM electrolyzer, that the market's going to increasingly move towards that solution and that we're well positioned competitively.  The market is lumpy at this point. And a lot of our focus is on building up capacity and scale to meet the demand. And so we will -- Amy and I will continue to be talking about what are those key milestones that we see in the market and in our scale-up activity and how that's evolving. We still feel very optimistic. And with this energy challenge that we see in the global world, expect that the focus and interest in green hydrogen will continue to grow.  And lastly, with the Meritor acquisition, that's another key component that we think positions us well in the electric powertrain. And we'll be building on the business that we have and very complementary to our existing New Power business and electrified powertrain. So overall, well positioned for the future with New Power.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Great. So we're hopeful that the Inflation Reduction Act will get passed. It has many key provisions that we think are important for advancing lower carbon solutions, and it fits well with our Destination Zero strategy. It's really critical that there's investment to build out infrastructure and to make these technologies more affordable as they scale in advance. So we are -- have been active and advocating for some of the key energy provisions in that act, and we'll continue to do that as our Congress considers it.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. What happens with China COVID lockdowns is one of the big questions that we debate a lot. At this point, they continue to have this dynamic lockdown strategy. And we've continued to see some smaller scale lockdowns that have been happening and operating and kind of closed loop, closed circle environments within that from a business perspective. So I don't see when and how they completely evolve out of that. We're prepared to continue to operate in that type of environment. However, we do think that, that market is going to come back. It's a large market. It's an important market for us to be a part of because of its size. And we are committed to continuing to invest in the products and joint ventures that we have there, while also ensuring from a global supply chain perspective that we have resiliency in our supply chain so that we can navigate through COVID, weather disruptions and other constraints.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. No. It's a great question. And within that, Inflation Reduction Act, as you noted, there is incentive for hydrogen production, which is significant, as well as incentives for other clean vehicles and clean fuels. It's important to note that there's also incentive for things like biodiesel and renewable natural gas within that. So a lot of things that will help drive advantage.  We have had active conversations in recent years in Europe and growing conversations in the U.S. The Bipartisan Infrastructure bill also put some significant investment in hydrogen infrastructure. And so we believe that this will continue to add to that and are really focused on scaling up our product and production to meet the demand that we think will be there. So it's hard for me to mention specifically to you right now. As I said, we'll continue to talk about what we see as the key milestones in that business, growing revenue and growing our return from the electrolyzer business over time.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So you've seen us increasing our investments, in particular in both New Power and Engine business, as we invest in the technologies and electrolyzers in New Power and also these next-generation fuel-agnostic platforms and engine business. We have the scale advantage globally to do that. Those are investments that we will continue to make. And we're also looking at driving efficiency and improvement in parts of our business that can adjust with the cycle. And so we'll continue to deliver on our financial commitments and strong returns through the ups and downs as we invest in those key areas for our future.
Mark Smith: Well, at one point, last year, we were running probably 4x the normal level of premium freight, and that's come down. It has been that we've seen sequential improvement over the last 3 or 4 quarters, but we're still running 2x to 3x kind of extra costs right now. And then you'd asked about decremental margins, Jerry, in the event there's a slowdown. What I would say to you is we have to embrace these cycles when they come. We have a very experienced team that's navigated through several of them. I'm very proud of our record of raising cycle-over-cycle performance at the peak and trough. I can't give you exact decremental margins, but know that we will adjust plan outcome to operate the wells to continue to as and when the next cycle comes. That's all I can say really at this point.
Mark Smith: I think the biggest challenge in the second half -- well, it's baked into our guidance, is that we see a drop-off in earnings in China. We typically see about a 25% to 30% lower JV income in the second half of the year, and we're projecting that again. You've heard from some of our important customers what their trajectory looks like on the top line going into the third quarter. Yes, there's still a lot of moving parts, still a lot of challenges we're working through. We've maintained our full year guidance. We're slightly behind the EBITDA percent for the full year through the first half of the year, but we're on track, not expecting extraordinary variation, at least from what we know today.
Mark Smith: I think you just described most of my work plan from Tom, we'll be working on all of those. Thank you.
Mark Smith: Yes. Q2 was a little stronger than Q1. As Tom and Jen mentioned, there have been some supply chain challenges. So these are little bit, and demand remains strong.
Mark Smith: And the other thing I'd add is, we're just -- as you'd imagine, we're not just waiting around for changing economic conditions. An important part of how we've grown the earnings over time is just like a continual focus on trying to drive efficiencies in everything that we do. Doesn't always make the headlines, but almost every aspect of our work, we're looking for efficiency, better output. So we're always looking for those types of ways to improve the underlying performance of the business.
Mark Smith: Yes. Jeff, this is Mark. So I would say, this year, if you look at our costs, the material costs have been increasing. That's been the biggest single driver on the costs side. Last year, certainly the first half of the year, it was very heavy on the freight -- premium-free costs. But then we started to see more inflation in materials play out over time. So as we talked about, the premium freight costs have come down a little bit, part of that through better coordination and management of the expenses. Material costs continue to increase at this point in time. We put the -- I would say, within a fairly predictable range quarter-to-quarter so far, yes, 1 or 2 commodity costs have come off the peak, but remain at fairly elevated levels. And of course, whatever changes there are in the market, costs of freight and metal markets, those take time to work through the supply chain.
Mark Smith: Let me put it like this. Our material cost in the second quarter increased by 1.9% of sales year-over-year, just to -- what is temporary and what's -- we're always working to make changes to products, redesign things, take costs out. But right now, that's a pretty high level over what -- certainly pre-COVID, pre this inflationary environment, that there's a high level of material cost increases. What's temporary and permanent is very hard to say. But about 1.9%, freight costs are fairly flattish year-over-year, but at a very elevated level. Material cost increase -- there are some pressure on some of the categories, but those are the biggest elements.
Mark Smith: No significant change on the costs side. We've lowered our outlook for JV earnings, which is not what you're talking about. But I'm just trying to triangulate back to the overall guidance of lower JV earnings. And we've got slightly stronger aftermarket revenues, particularly in North America, which should balance -- those balance out, but no significant changes on the other categories.
