Chris Villavarayan: Thanks, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Let's turn to slide three. We had strong results this quarter, with $983 million in sales and adjusted EBITDA margin of 11.3%. Total company sales were up 13% year-over-year, as truck demand increased in all our global markets. Free cash flow performance was excellent this quarter, coming in at $47 million. This was one of our highest second quarter cash flows since we began the implants in 2013. Once again, the Meritor team demonstrated its ability to successfully respond to markets. Even with the sharp increase in volumes and supply chain challenges, we maintain excellent delivery and quality performance for our customers, while converting increased sales to profits at expected levels. Looking at the full fiscal year, we're holding our sales, margin and cash flow guidance, despite indications that we will have one of the largest unfavorable steel impacts we have seen, in addition to higher expense in electric powertrain development, as we ramp up production capabilities to meet the increasing demand. Carl will provide more detail, but our ability to offset these headwinds reflects the consistent strong execution you expect from us. We have a brand-new electrification program to announce this quarter, in addition to an exciting new opportunity to accelerate development of our 17Xe electric powertrain in Europe. And in our core business, we have recently finalized long-term agreements with two global OE customers. Please move to slide four. In the second quarter, we extended our agreement with Navistar through 2026. We are pleased to continue our long-standing relationship with Navistar, as it becomes part of the Traton family. This agreement extends our current relationship, while providing opportunity for future growth in our major product categories of axles, brakes and drivelines. We also completed a new agreement with IVECO in Europe through 2024. This includes the supply of single reduction axles and strengthens our successful business relationship between our companies. It also provides the opportunity for future growth on other product lines. With Navistar and IVECO complete, most of our long-term agreements with major customers have been renewed well past the 2022 time frame. Moving to electrification on slide 5. We are pleased to announce a new collaboration with Hexagon Purus Systems, a global leader in zero emission e-mobility. Hexagon will integrate Meritor's 14Xe powertrain into its Class 6, Class 7 box trucks and Class 8 6x4 vehicles starting 2021. Customers, including PACCAR, AutoCar, line electric Volta trucks and Hexagon have chosen Meritor's 14Xe integrated electric powertrain. We believe this is market validation of its industry-leading performance. In early 2020, we announced an agreement with PACCAR to be the initial launch partner and supplier for the integration of the fully functional battery electric systems on the Kenworth T680 and Peterbilt 579 and 520 electric vehicles. We have begun prototype production and PACCAR is performing validation testing on its test tracks. It's very exciting for us to see these fully electric vehicles being assembled. Soon these and many others with Meritor's preferred electric powertrain solutions will be fully operational on roads and highways. Please take a minute to view a video of this truck in motion on meritor.com. This footage was shot last week, at our Escondido California facility. With market adoption growing for our 14Xe, we're now shifting the focus to the development of the 17Xe platform in Europe. Last month, we learnt we were a grant recipient of the advanced propulsion center in the United Kingdom. This grant will partially fund the development of Meritor 17Xe. After a comprehensive months-long nomination and consideration process, we were thrilled to be selected along with our consortium partners Danfoss Editron and Electra Commercial Vehicles. This grant totaling almost £16 million will rapidly accelerate development of this product, that is designed for multiple vehicle platforms and extend our ability to offer Meritor's e-powertrain solutions for the European market. We believe demand for this product will grow because of the EU 2025 CO2 reduction targets. Stricter targets will start applying in 2030 and by 2040 all new trucks sold in Europe will need to be fossil-free to reach carbon neutrality by 2050. The 17Xe is another significant step towards completing our electric powertrain portfolio. Carl, will now provide details on our financial results.
Chris Villavarayan: Thanks, Carl. Let's turn to slide 9. While it is difficult to schedule events with certainty, we're planning to hold our Analyst Day in person this year in New York. More details will be provided in the coming months. At that time we will present M2025. We will move of course -- we will of course closely monitor the situation as we move closer to this date to ensure we can meet safely. Before we close I would like to express our concern for the serious situation occurring in India as the pandemic worsens. Our team in the region has taken actions to help employees and the community through care centers, vaccination and mobile testing facilities and we plan to do more. Our thoughts are with our colleagues and their families during this crisis. Again, I want to thank you for joining us today to review Meritor's second quarter results and welcome any questions you may have at this time. 
Chris Villavarayan: For sure, James. I'll take that. So when you think about it it's beyond the last three months. If you look at it it's the last six months. Order intake has come in at 40 or above 40. And to your point, backlogs are passing I think, I believe 300,000. And for our fiscal year right now the midpoint with the recent change is -- it's 285000 for the fiscal between ACT and FTR. And if you look at the midpoint for next year for the heavy market, it's at about 340. So to your point great highs and you got to believe the Texas storms resolved, as well as the fire in Japan. So the chip shortage will get resolved here shortly or will improve shortly. We do believe there is impact through the next couple of quarters, but it eventually should improve. So again we believe there's a strong 2022 ahead of us as well. 
Chris Villavarayan: Well, I think it's -- Joe to that point, it's 15% definitely through 2022. I think once you start getting past 2022 you got to 2023 and 2024; it could begin to moderately step up. So, you're probably not too far off with that assumption.
Chris Villavarayan: Absolutely. So, let me start with the first question specific to labor. It's a red hot market out there as you could see with the first question. There's significant drive and demand for the product. And I think it's running right through the economy GDPB being strong and consumer spending. So, in essence, we were able to drive that -- some of that recovery is specific to that with some of our customers. However, on top of that, it's really about operational performance. It's driving incremental operational performance whether it's labor and burden in how we look at our lines or whether it's how we look at material opportunities. So, that's how we drive that savings to offset labor. Specific to freight, we're seeing about three times more freight in terms of cost to your point whether it's on ocean or internal as well. And for those elements what we are again doing is trying to offset a lot of that with -- sorry with material performance and operational performance. But on top of that we also look at working with our customers as well.
Chris Villavarayan: Yeah. Itay, the biggest thing we're seeing when you really boil it down is really on steel. So as I referenced that $25 million to $30 million headwind is really a second-half story for us. So while freight costs what we've talked about are -- have increased and are elevated from what they have been historically our material performance and some of our operational performance items have been able to offset that. So the true story is steel. And if you were to simply adjust for this deal of $25 million to $30 million; our margins would be very similar to what they are here in the first and second quarter.
Carl Anderson: Sure. James, it's Carl. As it relates to steel prices, which is the really primary driver for us we do expect it to be year-over-year about $25 million to $30 million headwind in fiscal 2021. So if you think about the recovery mechanisms as that begins to kind of flow through that will come through really beginning in fiscal -- the first part of fiscal 2022. And so of that we would expect to be recovering around probably $20 million of that number as we go forward. 
Carl Anderson: Yes, James, it was really just driven by a couple of factors. One was, we did see some higher freight costs in the second quarter, as well as a little bit higher cost from steel that affected the aftermarket business.
Carl Anderson: I think that's the right way to think about it Joe. If you look at the six months EBITDA margin performance to-date, we're right around 11.4%. So if you think what our guide is of 10.6% to 10.8% that does imply the second half margins will be about 10% on roughly the same type of revenue.
Carl Anderson: Absolutely Joe, but I'll start with the first question. First, I think, glad to see the backlog continuing to grow. As you remember, we talked about having this $500 million target for electrification as our revenue pipeline. We accomplished $400 million of that with the -- at the last quarter. And so with this announcement with Hexagon, we've taken a chunk of that. So we continue to see the growth. And to put it in perspective of spend, if you go back to 2019, we spent about $12 million. Last year we spent $21 million, and this year we're moving it up to $35 million to $40 million. So we're almost doubling it per year, and it's primarily because of the wins and it's essentially application and testing of our products as it wins with more customers. To your second question, the ability to attach components, absolutely, we do see a path with brakes -- as primarily with brakes with many of the customers as an opportunity to grow business as well. 
Carl Anderson: It is on, let's call it, everybody that is, let's call it, new entrants coming into the market. So when you think about the new entrants, we have a significant share of the existing traditional business. So it is on the new business, but you also have to take into account when you think about electrification always remember it's five times and up to five times content on a 14Xe, for example. So, we're already seeing that growth as well.
Carl Anderson: Yes, it is. Yes. And to add to what Chris said, as we look at just overall freight costs in our first quarter, we did experience probably higher premium costs associated with the rapid increase in production that we saw in the first quarter. But the -- what we're seeing is kind of just the basic run rate with cost today is all factored into our guidance.
Carl Anderson: Absolutely. So, the industrial specialty and off-highway markets are incredibly important for us. This is why we did the AxleTech and Fabco acquisitions two years ago. And so we are seeing the fruits of those acquisitions as we think through 2022 and our -- as we look at our revenue pipeline growth. When we think about the core business and as we have talked about exceeding our revenue targets for 2022, a lot of it is coming in our industrial Defense & Specialty business and a lot of it is driven by this. So we are seeing that growth. Again last quarter we talked about developing an independent suspension for this market. And it is going into production this year and it will be in run-rate next year. And then second is we're also developing a similar system on the electric side. So we're looking at an electric platform that requires to accomplish us the same thing as well for the RV space.
Carl Anderson: Sure. I think when we -- at this point, we are working with customers that we have agreements in certain regions. And as you could imagine, they are hard agreements and they take a while to work through. And it's a discussion that we are working through and we are seeing the benefits in some areas.
Carl Anderson: Good morning Itay. It's more timing. For the first six months, we had about $25 million of CapEx. We are planning for about $70 million of CapEx in the last six months of the year. So part of it was production came back pretty quickly as you recall in our first fiscal quarter. And I think some of the programs we are just beginning to ramp back up here this quarter as well as in the fourth quarter for us.
