Mark A. Smith: Thank you, Sheena. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins' results for the third quarter of 2013. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Ward; and President of our Engine business, Rich Freeland. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the prepared remarks. Before we start, please note that some of the information you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to our website presentation for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast are available on our website at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media. Now I’ll turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
Mark A. Smith: Thank you, Pat. We are now ready for questions. (Operator Instructions) Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Mark A. Smith: And then on the mining -- last comment, Rob, on the mining aftermarket, we said the full year we expected to be flat. We have picked it from that weak point Q4 last few years were down about 1%. So maybe just touch below our forecast. The comps get easier on aftermarket in Q4 because we saw a pretty big drawdown, so not a lot of variation.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Well, let me just talk first of all about what's happening in Power Gen and how I think that’s affecting margins and I’ll hopefully get to your question about, so what do I think the opportunity is. I mean, clearly we’re operating now at significantly below capacity. So we are especially in our high horsepower side which isn’t impacting mix. So we are seeing worst gross margins for the mix, and we’re also well below capacity, so we're having absorption challenges in our plants. Having said that we put in place a number of cost reduction efforts, I've mentioned those last time. We've been doing a lot of work in Europe where we've had very, very low demand for our large alternators. We've also done work across the whole business in terms of reducing costs, improving supply chain costs and as you heard from Mark [ph] pricing has been net positive despite the challenging environment. So I think we've been managing in a tough environment to try to hold our margins best we can but there's no question that we are disappointed with where we are. The biggest negative impact in this quarter was India where it was not doing well up until now, but it really fell off a lot in Q3 much more than we expected as it seemed like the economy just kind of hit a tipping point. All of a sudden people started to say we have to reduce orders and we have to preserve cash now and that was frankly a surprise to us how quickly that happened and so a whole bunch of orders were cut or pushed out towards the second half of the quarter and it looks like we'll extent into Q4, so that also impacted us. I do feel – I still believe, Jerry, that our opportunity in power gen to get back to double-digit margins is clear, our path is clear. Tony laid it out in our Analyst Day and we still see it as more than doable. Basically we've got to get our volumes and growth up, that's clear, so we can utilize some of our capacity. We've got to get our high horsepower business up which will definitely happen as markets return. And then we'll benefit from the cost reduction actions we're taking now and that will drive us up to double-digit margins. So I have complete confidence that that's going to occur. We do need the markets to turn back for it to happen.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Great question, Andy, and again without providing guidance let me just talk to you about some of the big things that are happening. Obviously economic conditions are uncertain, so I won't be able to give you much view about that because we just don't have a good view of it. That would be something that hopefully as we get closer to the time we give guidance, we'll be able to give you a better view of it. But right now we don't see a big win behind us on economic conditions. There's a few places getting a little bit better like the U.S. In most places it's not clear. But there's a whole bunch of stuff going on for Cummins which is not related to the economy that we think drives some level of growth next year. For example Euro 6 and Tier 4 Final both emissions regulations hit next year. That will have a positive impact on our components business significantly positive. You talked about distribution acquisitions, we'll start to see more and more of those come in which drive earnings dollar growth throughout the year. Where we launched a whole new range of low horsepower gen sets and those will be in the U.S. which is again one of the markets is doing a little bit better, it's a market where our share is not very large today and we have an opportunity to grow and it also helps our distribution business. We've got the ISF business which has been growing but pretty slowly. It's now starting to see some critical mass. Foton is now taking more engine, it's putting it in their vehicles, they are a very large vehicle supplier in China but also we have our highway applications now coming for the ISF. So that business is likely to improve and that's again new market share that we're not in today. The 10 and 12-liter we talked about the ISG before, it will be a slow start because it's a new launch. So our sales will grow, our profitability will be below – will achieve that maturity but it will grow through the year and improve through the year and that will be a nice add. And then of course we've been doing cost improvements all year. When we stay flat and we have cost improvements, we begin to absorb those. We see better margins at the same sales but also we'll be continuing of course to do more next year. But I think the effect of the cost reductions we have taken this year also helps us next year. So those are just wins that are coming our way I think separate from what happens in the economy.
N. Thomas Linebarger: You may remember we cannot envision the truck market kind of getting better each quarter. I mean there's a pretty big improvement from Q1 to Q2 and then steady improvement and in fact that started out that way and then started to level out and head down again, so that's just worst across our components and engine business for North American heavy duty truck.
N. Thomas Linebarger: You may remember, Steve, that as we set targets we're always looking at trying to understand targets in the face of market conditions we're in and they vary by market conditions. But as we stand now we still believe we can hit our 2015 targets. And when we don't think so we'll tell you that. Right now it's too early to tell what economic conditions we're going to have for 2014 and 2015 and as we understand it, we'll definitely share with you. But right now we're still headed for those targets. There's no question as you said that Q3 which is one quarter was weaker than we expected and as Pat highlighted, the parts that were weaker were India which really – I mean it was already that, so we already had a weak forecast in but it was a lot weaker than we thought. And then as we said the North American kind of crept down some. On the high horsepower side the reason we saw things weaker when we talked before is that the high horsepower markets have been to the bottom end of our ranges in nearly every market. So mining hit the bottom end of the range, high horsepower power gen is now below the bottom end of the range, so a whole bunch of those there's not really way out but everything is bad as it could be. And then you added these other two things in and we just had no room in Q3 really to make it up. So that's what happened in Q3, but we still got a lot of favorable things happened in 2014 despite the markets so we're still shooting for our 2015 targets.
N. Thomas Linebarger: No. I appreciate you asking again. No, thanks. But you probably understand the sensitivity of that in terms of market planning for them and for us and all that kind of thing but it is a good opportunity but again, it's one of many. I talked about them before but the Euro 6 and Tier 4 Final will be significant opportunities for our components business and those will be big ones and the distributor acquisitions will continue to contribute. So there's a number of good new product launches. I mean one of the things you can say about us is that over last two years or year and a half while growth has been relatively modest given the markets, we've continued to invest to make sure we've got new products available. Those will help us in 2014 and as markets return, they'll help us even more which is why I remain confident about our 2015 target. So I think those give us some tailwind even in flat markets.
N. Thomas Linebarger: So, Jamie why don’t I address SAR and Power Gen. Pat, maybe you can talk a little bit about the mix of numbers or Mark can.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yeah, and so far Jamie we have not seen deterioration in pricing. Obviously it’s something we take a good look at and if not that we don’t see competition here and there where something gets more aggressive, it does happen, but generally speaking I’d say pricing is held up pretty well in fact we’ll – we’ve put in a pricing initiative to improve pricing this year and we’ll get some pricing benefit year-over-year in Power Gen. So we’ll see how it goes, but so far that’s not been a major impact again other than individual deals we obviously see competition now. But our expectation is that it will be up a percent or something in pricing.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Okay. Let me take a first short at this. I haven't said that we’ve been wrong most of the last few times we talked about heavy-duty truck. But right now it appears and we talked to the same people you do to the fleets, I mean the bigger fleets are kind of in a replacement mode and generally folks are not expanding fleets despite some pretty positive things if you look macro at the market, used truck prices look good, the ages of fleets, freights up. But we kind of -- we see going sideways right now quite frankly with despite it appears to be some positive things that we would expect. On the medium-duty side I think it's – we’ve gotten some help from the housing market is a piece that’s helped us there in North America and so that’s the market that’s up some, and then plus we’ve gained share through the years on that. So, again it's – we have seen the impact of the natural gas has s come in too, it has filled in some of that gap as we’ve introduced ISX12. So -- and the only thing I would add, broadly speaking in the truck market I think we’re seeing the same thing we’re seeing in most business-to-business environments in the U.S. If conditions are okay and they’re growing slowly, but business confidence is not very high for major investments. Basically people are making small investments and conservative investments, they’re not hiring that much. So it's not that they’re not doing anything, but it's pretty conservative and pretty slow versus as you know we see in the consumer economy is a little bit more robust. But business-to-business is not – we just add ATA a lot of our folks were interacting with a lot of fleets and nobody thought it was a disaster but nobody was getting ahead of themselves, they’re all kind of just staying within their – within the fairway here about what they think they can afford, they’ll buy trucks when they have a new route, they’ll replace trucks that look like their past and that’s what they’re going to do.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Sure. So we rolled out the full line in August with the higher ratings and in fact the acceptance has been good where again we’re now engineered in with all the OEs in North America, in fact our sales are running a bit higher than our internal projections.
N. Thomas Linebarger: No, we haven't Andy. We’ll be delayed from the truck guys obviously, Andy so you’ll -- obviously you’ll talk to them I assume and see, but right now if you look at build rates or whatever we’re not seeing anything accelerating in build rates.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yeah, it appears that we’re seeing the bottom of that, and in fact they’re from very low comparables. But we’re seeing a bit of an uptick in the order rate oil and gas, and we talk to folks that if much of the equipment is been moved from the shale gas into the oil side and so equipment appears to be utilization rates are pretty good right now. And so that’s when we see the -- we have shaken out most inventory, and I’ve seen at least real short signs of some improvement there in order rates to us.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. I mean again as I mentioned, it doesn't mean an individual deal or an individual market. There's isn't some work on that. But generally speaking I would say in those markets because there's relatively few players, all those players are in for a long run; the products are pretty highly engineered. The customers are generally not looking for a 3% off. They either have the money to do the project or they don't, right, or they want to get the mine running or they don't. So there's a little bit less of this mentality. Well, I do it for 5% less but I wouldn't do it for that price. A little bit less in those segments of the market. Again, it's not that that doesn't happen but has not been an overwhelming trend. We did see it a decade or so ago when there was a lot of overhand in the rental business. And one of the things I mentioned in my remarks and several comments were rental demand is down a lot. And rental demand tends to be one that sort of swings more to adjust the capacity when they start to see downturn, they got to bring down capital purchases a lot to make sure they don't get too much equipment. That has happened. So some of our big customers like Aggreko have cut orders dramatically, a bunch of Middle East rental players also cut dramatically and what that will do is help prices. I mean it's really bad for demand but it helps prices because the rental inventory overhand doesn't drive down prices.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes, great. Those are both new ranges for those guides. So think in the Constellation truck example that's MAN and they're basically the power requirements of customers in those mid range or small heavy trucks is going up. So people are asking for more power to do more things. It's just the typical evolution of the truck market and the Constellation which is an incredibly popular truck has been for years is just pushing up the power and we've been working on that with them for years and it's a terrific launch, it's a great vehicle. We'll be really well accepted given the demand, so that's that one. On the Scania side, they don't offer much in this lower range of products. So they've had generally heavy trucks and heavy buses. This mid range engine that we're providing for them just gives them a little bit smaller, shorter bus to compete in more markets. So for them it's an opportunity to expand their product range.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes, I appreciate the question. I mean this is the bright spot I was trying to cover. I mean it's a tough economy and you got to figure out where you think the opportunities are. But we are getting more positions at more OEMs than ever. Why is that? Because we've got global scale especially in our mid range business. We make more mid range engines than anybody by 10 times. I mean we are so much larger and we're in every market with every technology. Plus because we're launching all these new emission products that means when you buy one of our engines at any size range, you can launch it in Brazil, you can launch an earlier version in China, you can launch an even earlier version in Africa and you can even eventually take it to the U.S. if you want to. So you partner with us, you get a lot of choices in terms of international expansion. So every OEM – OEMs who have never talked to us before – Scania has never had an outside engine, said, okay we'll try it. It's the only way they can compete in that size engine. So I see us getting win after win in off-highway, I mean that's even more. I mean the volume numbers are lower in off-highway applications but it's even more wins. So I see us having lots of opportunities there and if we see an economic upturn and we actually see markets grow, all this stuff will turn into significant revenue and profit opportunity for Cummins.
N. Thomas Linebarger: No, it's a great question. I know you pay pretty close attention to this. Our view is it's gradually – the transition's going to gradual and because you're launching new products, we'll see gradual increase in volume and relatively modest margins to start with that would get better over time. So I was just looking at the opportunity and say, yes, it's there but there's not a bunch of dollars to counter the bottom line unless the transition goes faster than we anticipate. So it's a great opportunity for Cummins. I didn't mean to say that, just to say like if I think through how much is that going to contribute to growth and profit and based on our assumptions how gradual it's going to be, it doesn't look terrific until at least towards the end of the year. But as you said there's a lot of uncertainly about that. I mean the fact the government hasn't given guidance is remarkable. Companies are acting like they have guidance because they have no choice. There are definitely buying some few vehicles and a few engines and aftertreatment systems and figuring how they can set them up and be ready. But there's just very little volume today and very little clarity about when there will be volume.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. We'll be done with it for sure by the end of the year and that assumes again that we've kind of reached the bottom of our volume curve. We of course always relook. If things got worse, we'd have to take more action. That's kind of where we are. We're quite a bit below full capacity in our power gen business especially in our European plant, so we take another look. But for the program we're running now, we'll be done at the end of the year.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I think it's really three things, Jeff, to summarize. Again, there is a lot of changes but just get through each three big ones. Number one is that the high horsepower market trends, so the mining, power generation, the big project kind of work, all that stuff is at the bottom of its range. So it's not really a different thing, it's just worse.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Second one was – I would put in the second bucket which is we thought North American truck will get steadily better through the year and it actually turn back and started to get flat or worse.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I think it’s just a weaker situation. I think basically we are in the same condition in North American truck, we’ve been for a long time, which is that as Rich was saying there people are replacing trucks that’s fine, but they’re not really growing any fleet. And if you look at so when the truck companies kind of build their stock and anticipate what people -- they overcall by a little bit and then now they had the cut build rates and so -- and order rates are not really growing, so we ended up a little weaker Q3 and Q4 than we thought. It’s not a big change, right. But it’s bringing up in this low market to pinch us, but it’s not a gigantic change in market -- shift in market, right. What we really need is we need confidence in the U.S economy to grow, so business-to-business investment goes up and then we will see a real bounce back. And the third -- the third bucket really is India. In India I would just say to you that I think we should have seen it better than we did. The market was already bad and it just turned a lot worse in Q3 than we anticipated. I’m disappointed that we didn’t see that earlier on, one thing you step back from these kind of things and say wow, how come we didn’t know it’s going to fall so much, but it really took a turn for the worse in Q3 and we just didn’t see it. I mean we know it was bad, but it got a lot worse.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I think the comments you’re hearing from Komatsu and other people are them catching up. Each mining company had a slightly more positive, slightly less positive outlook and they’re all just trying to get back to where the outlook is really going to come out, which is its -- and it’s going to be -- we gave a pretty lousy forecast for the year and it’s going to be at the bottom end of our lousy forecast. So it’s bad. I mean there is no question that mining is bad, but different companies are just getting catching up to where the market is versus what their -- how optimistic or pessimistic their market outlook was.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I will do the Middle East first and then I will let Mark talk a little bit aftermarket. The Middle East -- the things are improving in the Middle East. I was just there, I just spent a week there, and definitely like in Dubai and Saudi, you see projects starting to ramp up, buildings going again in Dubai and again Saudi, the oil price is high enough that they are definitely building. So projects are going versus the last -- over the 12 months projects were basically on stop. They are going again. But the rental business, which is the guys who go out and do projects around the region, they have sort of cut orders in order to make sure they don’t end up with too much equipment since projects have been so weak for the last 12 months or so. So my own view is that Middle East will eventually come back up and start going again, but right now it’s just a question of settling -- letting some of the inventory drawdown as orders improve, which they are. Q3 -- even Q3, orders improved and Q4, orders will improve again, I expect. But they will drawdown inventory and then we will start to see equipment shipments into the Middle East.
Patrick J. Ward: Jerry, on the legal settlement, not related to a case in Brazil, it goes back to 2002, 2003 that we settled this quarter and that was for about $8 million.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes, Andy. Hi, this is Pat. Yes, I think India is a big factor in us taking a more prudent position in the fourth quarter than what we may have done in the past. The drop off really in the last couple of months in the third quarter did catch us by surprise and there's no signs that those markets are going to recover anytime soon. The other area I would throw into the mix here would be the North American truck market, the heavy duty truck market which we're seeing weaker demand than what we envisaged three months ago.
Patrick J. Ward: I’ll just add one more comment on Navistar. We’re on track if you look at the heavy duty for what our share would be at Navistar. So, we’re approaching 60% which is actually higher than we’ve simulated and our medium duty share with the beginnings in Navistar were now up to 62%. So if you recall we talked -- as recent as five years ago we’re at 38%. So we see more upside to grow in the medium duty share as we move forward in 2014.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. So if you look year-over-year for the Engine segment, despite sales being down, (indiscernible) business actually improved the gross margins from 20.5% to 22%. So that was terrific. Pricing was about 1.5, 2 percentage points of that. Material cost was about 1% of that and then the volume mix that went the other way was about 1.5 percentage points. Warranty was a little bit better but we’re talking 10s of a point now.
Patrick J. Ward: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks Andy, the only thing I’d say is that the Q4 looks like build rates will drop a little bit because people will take some shutdowns which – again they're saying they manage the inventory and things that gives you some cause for concern. The other thing I hear about is that FINAME [ph] rates might increase, so there's a lot of discussion about how the government's trying to manage costs and they've got their own budget challenges and things like that, so they're talking about pushing FINAME rates up which again could drive down volumes. So there's a couple of headwinds I'd say in the market but as I mentioned, things have significantly improved from last year. Truck markets' generally pretty good especially at the heavy end, the part that help support in the ag markets which are pretty robust, that part of the truck market looks quite good. The rest of the truck market looks like the rest of the economy which is some level of growth but not awesome.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. For the company, Jeff, if I compare Q3 to Q3s, the currency impact on sales was $65 million, the currency impact on the EBIT line was $6 million. So for the company overall, it wasn't such a big deal for the distribution segment. They're always more exposed given their profile to currency movements in any of the other three segments.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. It wasn’t -- the inventory drawdown was really in Power Gen in India. Mining is kind of tracking exactly where we’ve said pretty much all year Rob. So year-to-date we’re down 42% in mining, engine revenues and for the full year we will may be towards the upper end of the down 40% to 45%.
