Ike Evans: Thanks, Kevin. Let’s turn to Slide 13. Before we conclude our comments, I want to reiterate that we are on track to achieve all three of our M2016 metrics. By the end of fiscal 2014, we had already reduced net debt, including retirement benefit liabilities by close to $500 million, achieving our target two years early. Despite the revenue headwinds we referenced today, primarily in Europe and South America, we remain confident in achieving our 10% adjusted EBITDA margin target in 2016. And we remain on track to achieve incremental book revenue of $500 million per year at run rate. In fact, with the PACCAR win we announced today, we’re more than halfway to achieving our $500 million run rate revenue target. We’ll share more detail on our performance against these goals next week at Analyst Day. And with that, we’ll take your questions.
Ike Evans: If you were to walk in and talk to a fleet, you would find that the Meritor axel would be listed as the preferred axel. And the 100 - to answer your other question on the revenue, that’s a $150 million annually.
Ike Evans: You would have the - Brian you would have had the option, but our competitor would have been listed as standard.
Ike Evans: The feedback from PACCAR and you need to ask them specifically, but they view us as a long-term partner, they can support them from a product, quality, and delivery standpoint. And matter of fact, at the Analyst Day, you will see Jay Craig is with Bob Christensen, and you will see a testimonial almost from Bob Christensen talking about why they picked us.
Ike Evans: It’s all of that. We have had some capital investment. It’s been modest and it’s been within the 2% that we’ve targeted. And there is still some, a little bit of modest, it’s not much to go that will finish this year. We’ve really as far as our operational excellence, we’ve been working on quality throughput and then had some real opportunities there. And we’ve also worked with our supply place to mitigate the constraints there. So if you look at it from a standpoint of our guidance this year of 305 to 315, we will - we’ve stated we were at 300, we probably can support, because we had two 80,000 quarters that we have successfully converted that would take us to 320, but when PACCAR was fully up to speed we would be back to a 300 Class 8 market.
Ike Evans: Right, we’ve seen Detroit ramp up to support this peak market, and it has had the effect that we’re talking about. But they are a valued and important customer. They are our largest customer in North America. I mean, we just signed a long-term agreement with DTNA last year that runs through 2017. And the bottom line is that, they and we expect to remain the majority supplier of their Class 8 axles going forward.
Ike Evans: The preferred option is really focused on the 46K, which is, it’s not the majority of the business, but it’s a meaningful piece of the business.
Ike Evans: We can’t really comment on that. We did get pricing with our OEs across all regions as well as our aftermarket business as well. But really not in a position disclosed specific details about that contract I would reiterate again that, we’re really pleased that we’re able to reach the agreement with Volvo that allows us to continue to provide them with their products for the foreseeable future.
Ike Evans: Patrick, we just signed just last year a four-year agreement and with Daimler that positions us as a majority of - supplier for the majority of their axles, and we expect that to be the case going forward as well.
Ike Evans: We’ll, I think, we’ve given guidance before that we thought we could convert incremental revenue in the 15% to 20% range. And I think the answer Brett, is we’ve been doing it. We have just come out two 80,000 quarters. And we did successfully convert at the 15% to 20%. Now, some of it has been better throughput as we talked about before and we’ve expanded our supply base. There has been - it’s not a single one action, it’s probably 10 or 15, if you were to sit and list them all. But I think the proof is proof is, is in the pudding of what we’ve been doing, that we’ve successfully been doing it for the last four, five quarters.
Ike Evans: I think to add a little more to that, it’s basically our self-help. In 2016, the elegance of it is in its simplicity and the focus that we’ve done around the initiatives to support the overarching objectives.
Ike Evans: Right now, we don’t think that is probably the case, Brett, and we’re in a position where we are supporting our contractual agreements with our customers. So I mean, I don’t see the market for the foreseeable future doing that. But right now, we are not going to chase capacity around the world above and beyond what we’ve committed to.
Ike Evans: I can’t necessarily answer what DTNA was thinking at the time. I just know what we’ve agreed to in the contract. And it was just signed last year, and the contract is that, we will be the majority supplier of DTNA’s axles going forward.
Ike Evans: The way Kevin explained it, we are just missing a little bit of the upside here, that’s the bottom line.
Ike Evans: Well, the Brazilian market is - obviously has its own issues, and we don’t see much recovery this year. Hopefully we’ll start to see some recovery next year, and as Kevin implied, we like the Brazilian market. We have strong relationships with our customers. We are profitable at the levels that it is today, so I mean, we’re very much committed to the Brazilian market. The China market is anybody’s guess, and if - obviously if there is additional infrastructure spending, we’ll obviously have the opportunity to take advantage of that.
Ike Evans: Very. I mean, we don’t see - as a matter of fact the pricing opportunities we’ve got are not this is necessarily just price per say. They are value-added services that we’ve been in - product availability, 24-hour service. We are doing things that our customers put a value on and they are willing to pay for it. So the margins that we see are very sustainable.
Ike Evans: Well, the aftermarket distribution channel in Europe is very much different than it is in this country. It’s basically through the OEMs as opposed to - in the North American market, it goes through OEMs and distribution. I guess, the biggest impact to us in Europe is Russia. We have considerable revenue in Russia, and Russia obviously is uncertain at this point in time.
Ike Evans: Well, I will let Kevin to take it in a little more detail, but keep in mind that the fleets spec the products that they want, now they - DTNA offers the Detroit package, but the fleets can request a Meritor axle on that drivetrain if they choose. So it’s just not that that - that’s one of the potential offerings, but it is just one of the potential offerings.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, let me - yes, Brian, at that point, I mean, there are specific axles that we’re talking about. And in particular as we talk about the preferred option, we’re really talking about a 46K axle, and there - there’s technically not a real standard position in the data book. The standard positions are around the 40K axles. And so, as you look at the 46K axle, which is a meaningful piece of the business, the rear axle business, we are the preferred option, which means, we are lower priced in the data book this year going forward.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean one of the things to keep in mind is that, as I mentioned in my remarks on the sequential walk, there was about $3 million of, I’ll call them one-time favorable items just a few $1 million items that we don’t expect to repeat. So if you flowed that through the EPS, if you backed that out effectively on a going forward basis, your annualized run rate wouldn’t be as high as what you’re suggesting there. So I think that’s something to keep in mind.
Kevin Nowlan: Okay, Patrick, I’ll - this is Kevin, I’ll take that. Very simply the way to think about it is that we’ve taken our full-year North American truck market up - guidance up about 5%. We think that 5% increase in market is effectively being offset from a revenue perspective by DTNA ramping up its internal production to support the peak market. So I think we are seeing effectively that upset opportunity being offset by some of the ramp up the DTNA has done. In terms of the PACCAR business, the bulk of the PACCAR ramp-up is going to happen after 2015, it will happen in 2016 and 2017. We are seeing some of that ramp-up this year, but it’s already factored into the guidance. We were on the verge of executing this contract back when we first gave guidance for the full-year, so we were already contemplating that in the guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: Because effectively they are ramping up internal axle production, so they have a vertically integrated supplier. We provide the majority of the Class 8 axles and we continue to do so today, but they ramped up such that effectively our penetration on the rear axles with them has gone down as a result.
Kevin Nowlan: I don’t know that I would go that far, Patrick, other than to say, we’ve seen them clearly ramp-up their internal axle production capability to support the peak market here. And beyond that that’s probably all I would say at the moment, but we expect to continue to provide the majority of axles as we’re doing today on the Class 8 business.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, on a year-over-year basis, 2014 production was down only about 12% in 2014 versus 2013. As we look ahead to this year, we’re expecting it to be down another 20% on top of that. I mean, if you look at Q1 alone, sequentially going from Q4 to Q1 the market is down - production is down over 20%. You look on a year-over-year basis 2014 to 2015 is down little over 30%. The market we’re seeing right now in Brazil, where we are looking at about 130,000 market is approaching the levels that we saw back in 2009. The good news is, we’re still profitable in that market and we expect to play in that business longer-term. But we’re approaching levels that we haven’t seen since the recession five or six years ago.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, we can talk about that offline, but ANFAVEA we’re looking at from them that we’re seeing the exact same numbers that they are.
Kevin Nowlan: And I think as we look ahead to 2016, we are emboldened by the fact that we are already jumping out of the gate here in the first quarter of 2015 at 9% on revenue that’s not even at $900 million. So we feel pretty good about the starting point as we look ahead toward 2016. So as we look towards 2016, we are expecting a mix of continued performance like we’ve been demonstrating the last couple of years combined with some revenue help. I mean, at the end of the day, we have a mix of things that we are looking for next year. And as we said publicly, we expect that we need to be at about $4.2 billion of revenue to be able to achieve 10% target. Now jumping off of $3.7 billion, how do you get from $3.7 billion to $4.2 billion? It’s too early to call what the markets are going to look like next year. But we know that with the new business wins that we generated, including the PACCAR win that we announced here today, that’s going to contribute a couple of $100 million incrementally between 2015 and 2016, which means then end market recovery we are still looking for $300 million or so of help. That said, this company is determined on executing toward hitting its 10% margin targets, but that’s kind of the flight path there.
Kevin Nowlan: And I think when we look back to the last time we were approaching these types of levels in 2012, we saw or observed that there were constraints across the global supply base. And so seeing the market get to that type of level like you mentioned, 350,000, I don’t think we think it’s really achievable given the broader supply base in this industry. And so, as Ike mentioned, we are not going to chase that capacity by investing - installing new capacity to support that. But we don’t see the market going there. We think the order activity we are seeing, frankly, just strengthens our outlook for 2015 and probably carries us into 2016 as well a little bit.
Kevin Nowlan: So, I mean, it’s is structured in a way that it gives DTNA the incentive to keep business with us. But DTNA has had that - had their vertical capability for an extended period of time that we continue to be the majority supplier of axles for an extended period of time. So the way the agreement is structured, our expectation of that relationship is that, it will continue to be operate the way it has, which is we will be the majority supplier. But, again, I think DTNA has used this as an opportunity to invest in some capacity from the axle side to support the peak market here.
Kevin Nowlan: We don’t think so because, in fact, as we - as Ike talked about earlier, the capacity that we were installing over the last couple of years to support the PACCAR business that we were anticipating winning and ramping up. That capacity really started to come online last year. And so it happened to coincide with this type of the market, which is why we were able to actually support the 80,000 quarter that we saw back in Q4. And so, as the market hit that type of level with the types of penetrations we’ve experienced in the past with DTNA, we absolutely could have supported it. Now, once the PACCAR business comes fully up to speed over the next couple of years, our capacity will be constrained back to the levels that it was before. So I think the fact is, we could support an 80,000 market right now, because the capacity is there to support it until the PACCAR business completely ramps up.
Kevin Nowlan: This is Kevin, I’ll take that. From an aftermarket perspective over the last number of years, we’ve consistently launched or executed pricing actions generally in the second fiscal quarter of the year. And, in fact, we’ve executed pricing again in this current quarter in the aftermarket business. So that’s been a pretty consistent trend for, at least, five or six years. On the OE side, it’s been more opportunistic as opportunities arise with different markets or different OEs. And so, as we look at the commercial truck and industrial segment in the quarter, we saw a number of different geographies and a number of different customers in which we had some pricing actions that went into effect.
Kevin Nowlan: No, not - I mean, the countries in which we are under an LTA, if that LTA is still in effect and continuing, the pricing is already contractually locked in. So there aren’t - there generally aren’t mechanisms when you are in the middle of an LTA to change the pricing, unless you are launching new products or providing new features. It’s really things that happen when either an LTA comes up for renewal or when you have, you are operating on a spot basis in certain markets, those are the types of opportunities.
Kevin Nowlan: And I think we alluded to that last quarter as well. I think our Q4 margin was a little bit high. We were at a higher revenue level because we have seasonal - seasonality in the business that takes revenue down this quarter, but we also had some one-time favorability that was helping the results last quarter. And we indicated that we thought a normalized run rate at that type of revenue was a little bit north of this, and with revenue coming down a little bit in the quarter, this is right in line with our expectations. So I think, we do believe this to be sustainable as we go forward.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I think just generally with the issues that we’ve seen in the Russian market it has impacted that piece of the business. It’s not a majority of our business by any means, but it’s still a meaningful piece of that business. So that has been impacted a little bit. And I think, the softness we’ve seen overall in the European market, it’s had a similar impact on the aftermarket business as well, even putting Russia side.
Kevin Nowlan: I would say by and large, it’s the performance of the business. I don’t think, it’s necessarily anything incremental beyond our expectations from a pricing perspective. I think it’s just a lot of the cost initiatives are taking hold and sticking. We obviously, as I mentioned, had a few million dollars of one-time favorable items in the quarter about $3 million that we hadn’t necessarily planned for. So it’s a simple DOS around the top end of the guidance that we had previously given.
Kevin Nowlan: We haven’t. I think the best way to dimension that, you can look at the sequential walks that we provide every quarter, and if you add up the components and think about what that means from a material labor and burden perspective, I think you can get in the ZIP code of what we expect to say. It’s part of our M2016 initiative. We are driving for generating reduced material costs of about 2.5% of controllable spend and about 2.6% on the labor and burden side. Those are our targets, and we achieved those last year. So the combination of those things might give you a little bit of color.
Kevin Nowlan: No, it was - I would say, it’s wasn’t really related to aftermarket in particular. So there are no real discrete items. There were some accrual reversals that impacted both segments, and there were a couple discrete items more on the truck side, I would say.
Kevin Nowlan: And don’t forget, I think Detroit axle is standard for Daimler. It has been for a long time, yet we command a majority of the Class 8 rear axle supply for Daimler and continue to do so today. So it’s exactly as I described, the fleets can specify, which axles they would like on their vehicles and more often than not they select a Meritor axle on the Class 8.
Kevin Nowlan: A couple of points there, I think we’ll see the majority of the income on this new contract in our income statement by the end of next year. So we would expect to see the bulk of the ramp-up happen by the end of 2016. In terms of where that puts us from a penetration perspective, we’ll talk a little bit more about that at Analyst Day next week.
Patrick Archambault: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. I guess just - I dialed in a bit late and I might have missed the detail, but just the interplay between kind of the ramp-up for DTNA that you mentioned as well as PACCAR, and I guess the impact on margins that it’s having. Could you just get kind of get into a little bit more detail on that just because I felt we went through it fast, I wasn’t quite sure of what the impact was of all those pieces put together.
Patrick Archambault: Okay. That’s helpful, thanks. And just on Brazil, did you - did I hear you say that your - I don’t have the comps of the South American numbers you have on page 5 or Slide 5, but did I - I think you had said that was down 20%, so that’s fiscal 2015 over fiscal 2014, is that correct? And then, I guess, maybe just a little bit more on that, I get it that you have the FINAME financing rates that have gone up in the down payment and all of that fun stuff. But I mean, on a calendar basis, production was down 50% in Brazil or the high 40s% at least last year. So one would have thought it was at least an easy comp. So I guess, maybe, just help me understand a little bit better what’s going on there, if you don’t mind.
Patrick Archambault: Interesting. I guess, maybe, some of that is the fiscal conversion, and I suppose you also potentially have a different market than what ANFAVEA reports, is that the difference? Because on a calendar basis, they have production down, kind of high 40s%, but so - maybe we can take that offline, but…
