Jay Craig: Yes, good question, Ryan. We’re still expecting the market to be flat this year as compared to last year. The segments we’re involved in, such as with XCMG, in construction are holding up similar to what we saw last year as far as the infrastructure projects and their product support. And then we tend to be at the higher end of the quality spectrum on the on-highway. And so far, that’s performing very similar to what it did last year.
Jay Craig: Well, I’ll begin that. I’m actually going to ask Kevin to talk a little bit about Trailers since he’s leading that business for us. And he and the team have done an excellent job of getting our product development strategies aligned with what the customer markets are demanding, and I think that’s starting to show in that three wins we talked about today.
Jay Craig: Yes, I think – thanks, James. I think you can think about those joint ventures really seeing the benefit of the end market increases and market share gains that we talked about. So we have our Mexican joint venture, Sysmex, for example, that shared in the growth we saw in North America. We’re seeing the recovery in Brazil, and that bring Masters, our braking joint venture’s results along with that. And then we’ve talked about the strength of India as well, and so we have our significant joint venture there with the Kalyani Group. So it’s pretty widespread, just those joint ventures participating both in our market share gains and the end market increases.
Jay Craig: I think it’s really primarily strong market demand, I think, if we would expect may be late in 2019. But remember, India does have some history of pushing off those deadlines because the market at times cannot ramp up capacity to meet the demand required for those changes in regulation. And we are making some modest increases in our capacity through our joint venture to make sure we’re ready for that. But I would say it, we would expect at earliest to see the impact of those changes in late 2019.
Jay Craig: I think you should remember, Colin, as our cash flows tend to be seasonal, where we generate a meaningful portion of our free cash flow in Q3. And then we do have some other obligations, one of which Kevin spoke to, the funding of the Maremont liabilities that we think are upcoming. So we saw a great opportunity in Q1, given the price at which our shares were trading and we felt highly confident on our free cash flow projection for the year. So we decided to lean out a little in Q1 and take advantage of that market disconnect in our valuation.
Jay Craig: Well, we are seeing a pretty measurable increase year-over-year, over 20%, and what we expect in the market, 18% to 19%. And we still feel confident in that. So I think we’re feeling good about that. And the market with the new government in place, the confidence seems to be developing in the country. And I would say, we’re considerably more optimistic on that market recovering to more normalized levels.
Jay Craig: Yes, I would say, Brian, we’re spending, you could say, approximately $10 million this coming year on both our pure R&D and also prototype development where we’re not receiving reimbursement from customers. So in certain cases, we do receive reimbursement from the customer for partial reimbursement of the cost we’re incurring. But as Kevin mentioned in his remarks, we’ve seen such great opportunities there. We’ve ramped up the spending a bit from what we had initially expected because of how well the company is performing and the opportunities we’re seeing.
Jay Craig: The short answer is, yes. We continue to see – so continuing less-than-optimal efficiency in our operating plans and also some additional premiums as we expedite freight. They were within our planning assumptions. So – and we do have some expectations for the rest of the year that we are running some layered capacity as we speak to it on the margins of our supply relationships. And we have embedded in the guidance that Kevin updated the cost of those additional expedited freight and layered capacity suppliers.
Jay Craig: Well, that’s a good question. I think we, in my mind, probably would have done it anyway but would have had to allocate where different investments would have been reduced. I think with the good news we’re seeing in the business, we’re able to continue to deploy capital to all the opportunities we’re seeing and increase that investment in electrification. I think, as you know, under this leadership team through M2016, 2019 and now 2020, we take the targets that we set very seriously and try to manage all our different puts and takes within those targets. But certainly, because of the strength we’re seeing in our business, we were allowed to continue to make all the investments required.
Jay Craig: Yes, there have been developments. What I’m pleased with is, we have an excellent disc brake offering in China. So we’re starting to see opportunities there that are coming forward. In our core axle business, we continue to see opportunities on the premium side of the market. So the one caution I would give us, we will not derogate the margins of the overall company by chasing opportunities in spaces in that market that just don’t have the returns required. And that’s been our challenge over the years is that market has not had the returns for suppliers in our segment that have been acceptable to us. So we’d – that’s why our growth strategy has been more measured maybe than others.
Jay Craig: I’ll give a few brief comments and ask Kevin to provide additional detail. But as we spoke to previously, we’ve increased some capacity in North America just beginning coming online here in January. And that capacity, directed at the Class 8 market, was – the investment was primarily directed at our supply base just trying to bring on more capacity and different suppliers. So we continue to monitor very closely but have to make some incremental investments to bring on that additional capacity.
Jay Craig: Well, I think the question we ask ourselves is and the answer we provided in the rollout of the 2022 plan is we’re very pleased with the core business and our ability to grow organically. So we continue to look at opportunities and acquisitions that are more bolt-on in nature. And really, we do not believe we are interested in a transformational acquisition of the scale that would take us off track on our capital allocation strategy that we laid out in the December Analyst Day. So we have a significant number of opportunities we’re constantly evaluating, but those tend to be bolt-on in nature.
Jay Craig: Well, we do see the investment we’ve made and the development of that transfer case and also a brand-new assembly line in our Laurinburg facility that I spoke about on the call as an opportunity to look at additional market share gains in that area. So we don’t – I don’t see anything specifically that will be announcing in the near-term, but we certainly are continuing to make headway in that market. And I think it’s very unique technology that Navistar appreciated, and I think the end market will appreciate as that vehicles rolled out here over the next few months.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, as it relates to Trailer, I mean, the performance that we’re generating in terms of seeing some market share gains are being driven by our strong delivery performance as well as our high-quality product. And so we continue to be the leader in that trailer market in terms of supplying loose axle and among the market leaders in tire inflation. So strong product, strong delivery performance and strong quality have been supportive of us gaining share there.
Kevin Nowlan: On the market share gains, I have to come back to you. It’s probably in the ZIP code. I mean, we had tens of million dollars – tens of millions of dollars of revenue outperformance as I look Q1-to-Q1 on a year-over-year basis. I didn’t do the math to see is that 25% or so, but it’s probably in that ZIP code somewhere.
Kevin Nowlan: And with respect to the question on FX headwind, the bulk of that headwind is in the Commercial Truck & Trailer segment because the Aftermarket & Industrial business is predominantly in North American business. They have some European exposure, but it’s predominantly a North America-based business.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean, part of what we executed in the middle of last year, in July of last year, we did execute some pricing actions to mitigate some of the costs that we were seeing from a steel perspective and a freight perspective. And as we started this new calendar year in January, we’ve continued to execute pricing actions to reflect any market economics that we’re seeing. I’d also point out in that segment, the Industrial business is performing well as well and saw some growth and contributed to margin growth there.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think you, obviously, saw a big step-up in margin on a year-over-year basis, 80 basis points. We expect that business to operate north of 14% each quarter as we look ahead through 2019, and that’s a step-up from what we saw a year ago because we did have a couple of quarters in the middle of the year where we operated below 14% on a fully loaded basis. So we are expecting to operate north of 14% in that business for the year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean, in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis, it had a few million dollars of negative impact on us. Remember, steel indices are actually up, particularly in North America, year-over-year anywhere from about 20% to 30%. Now most of that increase happened in the latter part of 2018, so it’s really just a delay as our recovery mechanisms start to kick in. And we’ll start to see some sequential tailwind from that heading into Q2. But if you take a step back, in totality for the full year, 2019 versus 2018, we expect steel to be a headwind on a net basis high single-digit millions, and that’s embedded in our guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: It’s – this is Kevin, I’ll speak to that. It’s a mix. I mean, a couple of those are solidifying existing positions that we have, particularly with Wabash and Stoughton, although they position us to grow with certain product categories with those key customers. In the case of Great Dane, there is some conquest business there that we achieved on loose axles and slack adjustors. So important growth opportunities for that trailer business.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, for Commercial Truck, remember, we have recovery mechanisms with our OE customers that kick in generally on about a six-month lag. So as we saw steel indices increasing towards the back half of our fiscal year 2018, those mechanisms simply haven’t had a chance yet to kick in. With Aftermarket, Aftermarket updates its pricing periodically once or twice per year based on overall macroeconomic conditions inclusive of steel. And so the Aftermarket started pricing for that back in January – or back in July of last year and started to see some recovery from the mechanisms from the increase in steel indices that we were seeing last year. So they saw a little bit of an improvement sooner than the truck business.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, Collin, this relates to an accounting standard update that we had to implement this quarter. So it’s actually the reclassification of non-service cost component of our pension and retiree medical expense. So that’s about $9 million that we moved out of gross margin or cost of goods sold that’s actually income and moved down to other income. We actually recast 2018’s numbers as well. So you’ll see that went from a number that was de minimis to now it’s a positive $8 million in Q1 of a year ago. So that’s simply an accounting change that we had to make that impacted both last year and this year.
Kevin Nowlan: The $200 million authorization is open to be able to support repurchase activity through our 2022 planning horizon. And so it’s just the initial approval that we’ll execute on as we generate free cash flow and we see the opportunity to deploy cash accordingly. So at this point, we’re $50 million utilized of that full $200 million, 25% done, but we’ll continue to execute as we see opportunities to deploy cash accordingly.
Kevin Nowlan: No, I’d actually say it’s more because we’ve reacted to what we’ve seen in the market from escalating costs throughout 2018, and we executed some pricing actions in July of last year to mitigate the impact of those. So we have seen increased freight costs last year in 2018 and other economic factors, and we’ve been pricing for it.
Kevin Nowlan: Okay. Thanks, Neil. Definitely, I mean, we’re pleased with the fact that we started the first quarter strong. 11.5%, up 50 basis points year-over-year is a strong first quarter for us. As we look ahead, the first thing I would just mention is that, typically, our second and third quarter, we see a much more robust step-up from a revenue perspective than what we would expect this year because Q1 was so strong from a revenue perspective. And take last year, going from Q1 to Q3, revenue was up $200-ish-plus million from one quarter to the third quarter. This year, we expect it to be up less than $100 million. So there’s a lot less conversion opportunity as you go from one quarter to the next. But we are expecting to continue to convert on that incremental revenue. So you see a little bit of upside in margin from that, but then being offset by some of the additional electrification investment that we’ll be making over the next couple of quarters, starting in our second fiscal quarter. So net-net, we still expect to be around approximately 11.5% for the full year, but pretty pleased with the start to the year.
Kevin Nowlan: And this is Kevin, I’ll just – I don’t have much to add. I mean, it’s – I don’t anticipate seeing a significant step-up in investment beyond that. I think the modest investments we made in some supplier tooling to support the strong market that we anticipate, at least through the balance of this fiscal year, I think that’ll carry us through this year. But I’m not expecting to see more from the way of capacity investments beyond that at this point.
