Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Thanks for the question, Steven. Good morning. We've seen pretty consistent performance out of China and the economic conditions over the last 18 to 24 months, and there's been previous indications of actions the government may take, none of which has really translated into any meaningful change in our industry. So, really, we're seeing the strong performance still with natural gas product an export and a relatively weak domestic diesel market and are not anticipating that changing in the near-term.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. On the market outlook, what I would say is in the power gen market, the continued growth that we see there, in particular the data center, I don't see that letting up anytime soon, and where we have strong demand, high backlog. And as you know, we talked about in May, making some capacity investments to take advantage of the growing market there. In US on-highway, the medium-duty truck has continued to be strong. We see strong backlog and demand and don't see that letting up in the foreseeable future. and heavy duty, we do see build rates coming down, projecting about 10% down in the third quarter and 20% overall for the second half of year. And the question is what will happen next year with the broader economic environment because well stabilized spot rates and these truck prices are at a lower level than they've been historically, and that's impacted some of our customers demand. And so how that comes together with a pre-buy. The Supreme Court overturning of the Chevron deference, we don't anticipate any impacting regulations in the near-term. We believe that 2027 regulations will continue to move forward. And probably the bigger question is what we see with Phase 3 greenhouse gas in the 2030 time frame. And so we still anticipate some amount of pre-buy ahead of that emissions changeover. But the industry has also demonstrated there's capacity constraints that we've seen in the last couple of years. So how large that pre-buy will be, I think is still question, but we're preparing to have strong demand as we go into the 2027 regulation change.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, sure. So you've seen this trend and some of the announcement that we made over the last few years playing out now as regulations start to occur. So we're seeing growing medium-duty demand in the US, of course, with Daimler transitioning to us and us as well as some other customers like keno here in the US. So we're growing our position in the medium-duty market here. We've now launched the medium-duty product in India with Daimler. So we'll start to see some volume there. Their strategy is really driven by regulation change. So when you see regulation change in Europe and Brazil will continue to grow volume with Daimler. On the Isuzu business, we are building that new B6.7 and their Tohoku plant in Japan. So we're not importing that engine. We're building it in the market. First time we've been on-highway market, we've been in the off-highway market there, of course, for many years. And so we'll see some slow volume growth there in Japan. And then as I noted, they'll then launch that truck into other Asia Pacific and global markets later this year. So you're just going to see steady growth, I would say, from Cummins year-over-year in the medium-duty space as these new customer partnerships grow and emissions regulations change and ads.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Great. Thanks for the question. And as you noted, I mean, we work to create customer pull for the heavy-duty product across different segments. But generally, as you said, for the vocational segment, we have stronger customer pull compared to the truckload, and that's the portion of the market that's been stronger right now. But of course, our goal is always to have the best product and create demand for Cummins products. But as you see that shift between the different segments of market and what OEMs are doing around incentives that could -- as well as capacity that can shift around a little bit over time. On the parts, it's somewhat demand driven and also this inventory destocking was a pretty big factor. There was a focused effort last year to reduce some of the inventory levels that have been carried because of the disruptions that we were all seeing and coming back down to more normal inventory levels. It was a little bit hard to separate between destocking and demand in the market. And so now you see us settling into what we see as pretty steady and solid demand in both our on- and off-highway markets.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Great. Thanks for the question. No, we are launching that product this month. with PACCAR excited to get it out in the market and then we'll launch it next year with DTNA, so have more offering there. We've got some early demand from some of the big fleet customers that have sustainability goals in the market, and we'll see how that develops over time, really with those fleet and other customers. And so we've projected we could get up to about 8% in the market, but I think it's going to take some time for us to get up to that. that level and for that market to develop in these operating costs and sustainability goals to drive demand up.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. So in terms of the heavy-duty demand, we all wish we had a crystal ball that could project how this is going to play out. This cycle has been very different than past cycles because of the pent-up demand that we had seen and then, of course, getting into pre-buy expectations. So it's really difficult to predict at what point next year we'll start to see improvement and economic conditions will certainly play a role in that. So I'm not going to project exactly when, but I think at some point in next year, we'll see recovery. And we've taken the steps to be prepared for that softening over the next few quarters. In terms of the election, again, I'm not going to make a prediction on that one either. What I will say is, as always, we worked in the past with the Trump administration, and we worked with the Biden administration. We worked across party lines to make sure that the opportunities and the challenges in our industry are understood and that regulation and policy reflects appropriately what those are. We will continue to do that in particular with the regulations that are in front of us. and our destination strategy at its core is about recognizing the economic importance of commercial and industrial applications and a need to decarbonize that industry over time and how do you take the appropriate steps to regulation and incentives to do that. So we're going to continue advocate for that. And some of the money that has come out of the inflation production Act has been allocated and is flowing into the market and creating jobs across the United States. So we'll continue to do that [indiscernible] those points and the opportunities and challenges that we're facing and how we navigate the energy transition. I think Cummins is really well positioned, regardless of how that plays out, but the industry, of course, is making investments in preparing for that. And so we want to make sure that we have stability and regulation, most importantly.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. The only thing I'll add to Mark's comments, which are absolutely accurate is, in particular, the data center market. What you've seen happen in the first half of the year was we worked really hard on our supply base and production and the 95 liter, which is running now at capacity, and then we launched the Symptoms product, which adds -- adds additional platforms, including a 78-liter that's able to run at this 3-megawatt key data center point. And so helped us the supply chain improvement as well as the new product launches helped us increased revenue and what we're selling into the market. But we're continuing to run into capacity constraints on some of the platforms in that data center market, in particular, which is why we're making some modest investments to be able to take up capacity over the next couple of years.
Mark Smith: Okay. Good questions. We'll try and fit in our answers with the time available for us this evening. On Power Systems, there's really three elements to the margins. And to answer the last part of your question, yes, we do expect there's still more to come. So, the team there is doing a fantastic job, started with some cost reduction, reprioritizing where we're where we're investing, investing less, strong pricing environment on the Power Systems side and then yes, there's more to do on the operational efficiency. So really, it's several strings to the bow in terms of what's been driving the results and still more to come. So we're really, really excited. Hopefully, you felt the confidence from Jenny Bush and to the team from the Analyst Day and have continued to deliver here in the second quarter, and we're bullish on that segment. That's -- those are really the main drivers on Power Systems.
Mark Smith: Yes. Great questions. So on average, across the company, very, very much by segment, but 2.5% for the year, and that really hasn't changed. That's not changed in the results, but it definitely has been an important driver of the Power Systems results. And I don't think it's going to vary a lot that year-over-year increase should mostly hold across all the quarters.
Mark Smith: Yeah. So we've got a little bit of help. We've improved the parts outlook. So that certainly helps overall -- we've been taking some measured actions across the company since the second half of fourth quarter of last year into the fourth quarter -- into the first quarter of this year, those should help with some lower costs in the second half of the year. And then we've got a stronger outlook in medium-duty truck. So those are really the three key elements. We're not going to get into breaking down the profitability by us. Those are really the three things that have helped improve. Yeah, and I think the conversion on the volume and the second quarter showed us there's still more room for improvement just in general operating efficiencies. No real change in -- in pricing most of the segments.
Mark Smith: Thanks, David. Good question. So I think on Power Systems, I don't think there's any fundamental changes. So it's really a key like how much do we -- how much product do we deliver to our customers and the conversion. We've given a range of outcomes for the margin. The business is performing well. And quite frankly, we're raising capacity. So I don't think the sales will go a lot above, but yet we're leaning on the profitability strongly, the business is really doing well. So I don't think there's much to be concerned about there, and we've raised the outlook. On the engine business, I think what's helping mitigate the margins, which is, I guess, the most important part is really some of the cost reduction actions that we've taken during the year, slightly better outlook for parts. And then there's just some of the puts and takes on the revenue. But those are the reasons why the margins at those revenue levels, we expect to hold up. Next question please.
Mark Smith: So to the latter, not significantly, we've probably got about 50 basis points of cost headwind across all the different categories, varies by business and segment. And then on distribution, you're right to point out the margins. So there's really -- yes, for distribution, PowerGen is a little bit dilutive relative to the rest of the segment, even though obviously within Power Systems, its very accretive. So that's true. We've called that out. Also in the first and the second quarter, there was some modest individual charges that didn't merit to be called out in the overall results. So I don't merit a lot of commentary, but just say they've trimmed the margins a little bit. And, therefore, we're really just reflecting where we are for the year. We do believe distribution margins have still got significant potential to improve over time, so that’s what’s going on.
Mark Smith: And I just -- I know there's a lot of questions about heavy duty. But as we mentioned earlier, the demand for medium duty is getting stronger. We're actually investing to raise capacity over time, partly because of the strength of the market part because of the new business we've won. So right now, the expectation is that less volatility and a sustained high demand is what we're being told right now. Things can change based on the economy. But there's more question marks about heavy. Clearly, it's going down in the near-term and a lot less questions about medium duty for now.
Mark Smith: Well, there's a lot of there, unfortunately, in that business, there's more variation, right? There's just such a wide range of engines and applications. And so it's not a -- unfortunately, it's not a simple explanation as it would be, say, for on-highway markets where there's a narrower range of products across the market. I don't think there's going to be dramatic capacity increases this year, but we're working towards, obviously, supporting the one key global secular theme, which is the data center capacity, Jenny Bush talked about at Analyst Day. That's the one. It varies by segment, some of our more consumer-facing segments demand has dropped over the last 18 months. So there's some more capacity there. So it very much depends by end market. But the general theme is some investment in capacity, some reorganizing where we make product around the world. We feel confident about the revenue guide for this year. We feel confident we can support through our production revenue going into next year. But unfortunately, I just because of the variation in the products, the pricing, the applications that like a rule of thumb on the unit isn't quite as applicable in that segment.
