N. Linebarger: Okay. Well, let me talk about the supply chain. I'll let Pat say a little bit more about the margins in Components. In the supply chain, essentially for every 1 of our major products that we've identified who are the key suppliers in terms of especially those operations, which take longer time to build up adequate capacity. So there's a lead time to build up capacity and there's an investment to make. And so each of our purchasing groups, each have a list of the suppliers. And as I mentioned about a little over a year ago, we then said we want each of them to go and start having frequent communication with those the suppliers. Where necessary, we made commitments or investments, and we have then follow-ups, regular follow-ups with them to make sure we're adding capacity at the right rate. Lately, we've been spending a fair bit of time in the high horsepower arena making sure some of our key component suppliers can keep up. That's been an area that, as you probably noticed in our business, has ramped up very quickly and so we're making sure we have adequate capacity. But those same lists and those same activities go across the Components businesses, while there's key suppliers in Fuel Systems and turbochargers and emission solutions in exactly the same way. I made the comment I did about Japan because we set up a separate task force just for that because there, we're dealing with mostly, well really almost all Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. So these are suppliers that we normally don't have a direct relationship with in terms of making sure they have capacity. But now we are taking that process back a tier to make sure that, that's also true.
N. Linebarger: Yes. I mean high horsepower has already been capacity constrained in this up cycle already for the industry, I mean. It's already been an issue. As I mentioned lead times went out for a while. So we're now getting our lead times back into where we want them to be, and that just tells you that since we're just now doing it, its tight right -- there's no question about it. We're working hard and a lot of it is in the supply base, which is why I mentioned the efforts we've been putting in there to make sure we have enough supplier capacity to make sure we can meet customer requirements, and I do believe that in the industry, those providers who are more -- ramp up more quickly, complete lead times at reasonable levels, will do better from a market share point of view than those that get stuck from a capacity point of view. So I guess my feeling is if markets continue on their certain trend, it will stay tight. And we're going to work really hard to make sure we're the 1 that has good lead times, as well as best products and best quality. So I think it's going to be tight for some time.
N. Linebarger: It's simple, David. Business is good through the year. What we're expecting is because we think the whole goods section of business is going to grow, that's the Power Gen part and the Engine business. That from a mix point of view, we get a deterioration of margin. It's still great business so margin dollars and all that stuff looks great. It's just that if you look at the percentage EBIT, parts make a higher margin percentage than the whole goods do. So we just get a mix decrease. We just have quite a bit a pretty high mix of parts in the first quarter, and we think it will just be a little bit higher whole goods as we go the rest of the year.
N. Linebarger: Sorry, I'm just getting over a cold. The oil and gas market, not only do we think it's sustainable. We kind of think we're just starting in oil and gas. So we are definitely seeing that as an end market that Cummins is going to continue to expand in and we are putting significant effort in doing so. We are obviously far from the largest player in that market so although we are expanding, there are others who are much, much larger than we are. But we are, especially in Well Servicing, we have a good position that we are using to expand into other segments of the business. What I'd say most is the market's growing. There may be some small share gains here and there, but the biggest benefit to us has been that the market is growing and we are growing the number of relationships we have. And our product line is expanding so we have more to offer. Those are the biggest changes in the market and those are continuing.
N. Linebarger: So I think that's a question better answered in our Investor Day when we get a chance to look long-term perspective because we gave your comment, I think is about structure is the 1 that take some historical and future perspective to answer properly. There's no question that our outlook today is stronger than our outlook was then, and part of it was just understanding some of the changes that have happened and trying to figure out what's going to happen with those in the future. So I think it's a question better answered with that kind of a long-term perspective. Obviously, though we are as you've said, feeling like our outlook is stronger.
N. Linebarger: No. The answer is we have not found a final workable plan. As we mentioned before the updates not much new to say that we have several customers who are interested and committed to going forward. And we need to find another large 1 or another a combination of customers that puts the project into the enough of a good financial results that we go ahead and go forward. So we're kind of still on that position. We're having active discussions which are positive and have good potential outcomes, but not closed yet.
Patrick Ward: So, Jerry, on the question on Components I think there's 2 factors there. First of all, clearly the increased volume and more content that we're putting on engines now has been a driver for the increased profit from the segment. But more significantly, I think given the comments we've had in the last 2 calls where we expressed a little bit of disappointment with profitability of the Components segment, you'll recall they did 8% profit in Q3, they did 9% in Q4. I think part of that was around productivity in a couple of the businesses, notably the Travel business and the Filtration business. And we said that by the end of the year, we expected to be through those issues and we are. So that's why I think you see the Components margin spike up to 11% as quick as what it has.
Patrick Ward: I feel very confident that the Emission Solutions business will do very well as we ramp up the volume.
Patrick Ward: You'll see some more in the 10-Q when we file it but payments are running below the actual rates just now. 1 of the areas that we are seeing an improvement compared to 3 months ago is a full year forecast for warranty. We expect to be closer to 3.2% I think we said it was to be closer to 3.6% for the full year. So recognizes the confidence that we have that the new products are performing well, performing better than before we have anticipated, and I think that will be realizing the margin in the quarters to come.
Patrick Ward: Well, let me take that 1 Jamie and then Tom can jump in if he wants to. I think there are certainly no unusual items in the first quarter. It was a very clean quarter from the results perspective. As we said before and as I said in my earlier remarks, we do expect warranty rates to increase as we go through the year and ship more 2010 product. That's probably the most significant factor in looking at the 14% guidance for the full year versus 13.8% in Q1. Most of that will impact the Engine business more than any of the other 3 segments. With regards to the eliminations in terms of guidance for that, I expect that inventory will continue to grow as we go through the year. And therefore, the eliminations from a sales perspective we can run around 20%. And from our profit an EBIT perspective, I'd expect elimination you see in Q1. I wouldn't expect that run rate for the full year. I would expect it to be negative but still down from the first quarter number.
Patrick Ward: I'll start and then Tom can jump in. The Distribution did well. We are going to see a mix driven towards the whole good part of the business away from the aftermarket parts and service, which will dampen down the EBIT margins. At the same time, we're also going to continue to ramp up our investments in Distribution to make sure we'll grow a good platform around the world to support customers. So you should expect to see higher SCR spending Distribution as we go forward through the rest of the year than what you've seen in the first quarter. With regards to Power Gen, Power Gen first quarter was 11.2% of sales. We've given guidance in the range of 11% to 12%, so I would expect power gen if you just take the midpoint that would suggest they would be a little bit better as we go through the year and see more volumes come through. We do expect pricing to be a little bit better than material costs for the segment as we go through the year. But not significantly. I think pricing look at maybe in a range of 1.5% and material cost slightly below that.
Patrick Ward: I think at the start of the year, Joel, we said we expected India to grow around 25% and now we're seeing 30%; and China to grow 20% and now we're seeing 25% or 26%. So we did always think that the emerging markets would grow in 2011, we're just growing a little bit faster than what we thought 3 months ago.
Patrick Ward: And just to add to that, Ben, we do expect to grow volumes in all engine joint ventures in China in 2011, so just adding onto Tom's remarks.
T. Solso: And, Jerry, I think it's worth noting I mentioned the reliability of our launch being the best we've had. And I think that's what you're seeing in those numbers. We're not done yet. It's early an update. We make sure we keep focus on this. We don't count our chickens yet. But our returns so far in terms of how we've seen the numbers come in and what kind of issues we're facing look really good. So we're feeling very good about it. And of course, that helps our warranty payment but more importantly, it helps our customers. They see our product is performing better in the field. Reliability really matters to them. We think it's going to help our volumes and market share as well as warranty. So it's a really good situation for us to from the 2010 launch point of view. We feel very good about it.
T. Solso: Yes. So, Jamie, I don't really have much to add. I think Pat's got it right. We don't see anything particularly negative going the rest of the year. We're looking at increasing volumes, which accrues the margin. We are having seeing some slight negative to material cost. I think we've said about 0.3% hit as material cost continue to rise. Again, we're offsetting that in the Power Gen business with price. But we're not getting -- so that's just kind of keeping us even for the year. We're not really gaining much on price during the year. So we kind of forecasted with the warranty increasing and a slight headwind on commodity costs, some increase in margin based on the volume. But maybe again, some slight negative in terms of incremental margin, but not much. It's still a good incremental margin. We're still feeling pretty good about that forecast.
T. Solso: Yes, Tim. We have talked about being 50% or possibly even better this year in medium duty in North America. And with regards to the heavy-duty Class 8 Group II, and after we've talked about a 36% market share for the full year. So those are consistent, I think, to what we talked about last quarter. We did take our market outlook up for the Class 8 Group II and all that particular market share, our market numbers are included in the presentation that's out there. So we are now seeing a 211,000 unit market on Class 8 Group II for NAFTA.
T. Solso: Yes. So backlogs are not they're pretty middle for us, pretty normal for us now. We're not in a significant backlog situation. But we're not where we were a couple of years ago either, too, where there's normal -- our backlogs were emptied out because its demand was falling. So we're in a position of increasing demand rather than decreasing, but backlogs are kind of that normal sort of lead time levels now in most markets. There was some extended lead times on large generators sets for a period of time. We've worked most of those down to pretty normal levels again as a result of increases in capacity. So we're feeling pretty good about that. You asked also about Japan and what I'd say about Japan is there are increased opportunities. We are actively trying to help our, obviously, our suppliers and partners with any kind of emergency power we can provide. And we're, of course, generally providing power in the market. There are very strict rules in Japan that are unique to that country. So 1 of the challenges for us and other providers of power or standby power there is you have to change your equipment or modify your equipment to meet Japanese standards. There are -- so that just takes a bit more time but we are doing that. And we have several partners we're working with on that. And we are providing -- we do see that as a potential improvement in our forecast in the rest of the year.
T. Solso: So I'd say on the small ones, you might typically run something like it depends on the region but say anywhere from 4 weeks to 10 weeks, and on the large ones you might run anywhere from 10 to 16 depends on kind of which product. And again, they have been out in previous cycles where they're really sold out you'll go to 6 months or longer for a large 1. And that's why I said when we're back in our kind of 16 weeks or less kind of number is when we start to feel like we're now right at what the market demand is. Because most people since they're usually part of a construction project of some kind there's some sort of lead time, which is within the lead time of all the other things they have to do. And therefore, it isn't really the critical task.
T. Solso: We are actually, we think it's a technology that may have promise. It's a technology that we've evaluated. We spent significant effort reviewing it. We actually have met the providers and talked with them technically about the opportunities there. At this stage, it's too costly and not ready to be used in the market. Again, there may be promise to it especially in applications where finding SCR or refilling SCR's difficult or challenging. You could imagine in a case where you're maybe far from road transport or something and therefore, it's hard to keep our store. Or a situation where it's not SCR is not widely available for whatever set of reasons. But right now, it's an interesting technology that's just not ready or not cost effective.
T. Solso: Exactly. We're doing both as you've guessed. But in this period, the biggest issue was getting suppliers ramped up as opposed to assembly capacity.
T. Solso: Yes, we have not yet released information on its actual power range. We've said it's higher than our current products. We are definitely targeting power gen and large industrial markets. So you probably know those markets we serve today -- oil and gas, marine, et cetera. We'll be targeting those markets. So same end markets as we provide today and just larger power range. And expect natural gas and diesel kind of as we're doing with most of our product line today.
T. Solso: You just haven't added it up, Dave. I totally get your question and not to be glib, we are definitely seeing an increase, and we're trying to think through as I mentioned in my remarks several years ahead to make sure we've got a capacity ramp up plan across each of our businesses and regions to meet the demand. And then of course, since we do a lot of intercompany supply, a lot of it is making sure that we're aligned between our companies on how much capacity we need. So the turbocharger plant has to be aligned with the Engine plants that it serves and with the generator set plant that it's serving. So that kind of alignment in addition to trying to make sure we're hitting the end market right is what we are targeting. We have a process by which we lay out our future capacity requirements for 5 years. Of course, as you guessed the year or 2 out is a lot better than beyond that, but we look at it long run that way anyway and we line up all those. We do that process every year in June with an update in September before we put together, start put together our plan. So we'll do that for several years out here in June, and we'll be able to look for 2012 and beyond. We did that last year, of course, so we had a view about what we needed to add in 2012. I just can't say based on all the adjustments we've made what the percentage increase would be 2012 or 2011 yet.
T. Solso: Yes, I would just say from a historical standpoint, our capacity planning is much more thorough and robust right now. And the attitude in the past has been to have the capacity when we saw the demand we put the capacity in, and so we would have spikes where we were on allocation or on long lead times. And the approach now and has been really for the last year is to put in that capacity ahead of demand, and so we don't have those spikes that we've talked about and therefore, I think we have much better control. As Tom said, usually in the past we would look at our manufacturing capacity. Now we're looking to the supply chain all the way in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers.
T. Solso: Yes. So Tata Cummins, that joint venture is the primary supplier now to Tata trucks for their on-highway, on-road truck trucks that serve the Indian market. So we started that joint venture many, many years ago it started with a relatively low share. We're now running at shares between 70% and 80% of the Tata trucks we'll have 1 of our engines in there. And so what our primary driver of growth out of that joint venture has been and will be that the Indian truck market, which is expanding significantly as they add roads and infrastructure across the country. So that's the primary driver that this year looks good, the outlook is good and the long-term outlook is also very, very good as road infrastructure gets built. In addition, though we are now because we are limited on capacity for a while. As we increase capacity, we also have the opportunity to use that joint venture as a source for engines that we can supply elsewhere in the world and other markets both on-highway and off-highway. It's a very competitive cost and very good quality engine and so we're going to start, Cummins is going to start taking Engines out in joint venture to use in other markets too which will again, allow us to grow more generally as a company.
T. Solso: We haven't talked about it. We still expect overall growth in our China markets and as really our outlook hasn't changed a lot from a broad point of view, meaning that we still see while some of the end markets may be flat to slightly up, slightly down our growth is going to continue because we are adding new, we have new markets that we're going into and we're getting share in a few spots. But that's the broad. So that hasn't really changed. If you get a little bit more focused now, you may have heard the truck market, many people expect the second half to be weaker than the first half. So our first quarter was actually quite good, maybe even a little better than we thought. But there's some sentiment that it will decrease, and there's end user or end market inventory in the truck part [ph] -- that dealers are holding more truck inventory now than they've held historically, which is why people are wondering about that. It remains to be seen, right? So we've been worried about that for some time, and it still continues to grow. So we just don't know about that part, but there's some I think reasonable likelihood that the market will be weaker in the second half than the first half. That will still probably put it at about equal year-over-year or maybe slightly down or slightly up just as we originally anticipated. Construction markets have been consistently strong. We, in fact, we expected some drop off after last year given how strong construction markets were last year. But they absolutely boomed, continue to boom in the first quarter and we see them continuing at least through the first half of the year. And then we'll keep our eyes open, but nothing on the horizon that says they're going to stop insignificantly at this stage.
T. Solso: Yes, I think context-wise, Joel, of the ones that I've listed in my remarks at the capacity increases -- the ones in the emerging markets were on those were unchanged from our original plan. So some of the ones we've had to speed up like, for example, the Charleston Turbo plant, some of the Power Gen stuff has been driven less by those emerging markets than they have by other markets. So I think while we are expanding some things faster than we planned, those big emerging market ones -- the Tata Cummins and the Dongfeng Cummins were exact on the docket. They're exactly the same projects we had in place when we talked to you about our guidance for the year.
T. Solso: Yes. We're looking at, Ben, about Q4. Versus Q4 '09, yes, Q2 '11 would look like it would be at a higher per day build rate.
T. Solso: When you're a number in Foton our we were delayed about a year off our original plant. We set a target this year for volumes, and I think we'll be close. Whether we'll make it all the way or not, I'm not sure. But we were close to our target volume this year. We're still struggling hard in the light-duty segment. This is the minivan and that segment to get our Engine, which is newer, better technology and increase the uptake and the end market in China. So it's still work for us to be done. We are obviously making some progress because volumes are increasing, but we'd like to be making more. So I think our challenge remains to work with our partner Foton to build demand for higher quality, more reliable, more durable product in that low end segment. In the high end segments, the move is sort of ongoing and going fast. In a low end segments, it still a tougher sloug [ph]. So I think we'll hit our volumes it still a tough, tough deal that's probably still work in front of us.
