Jeffrey Craig: Thanks, Kevin. Let's turn to slide 13. As we wrap up fiscal year 2016 in less than two months, we are proud of what we've accomplished during the last three years. Most importantly, we have shown that when we make a commitment, we deliver. And as we go forward, we will maintain that focus. Looking ahead to 2017, we're not expecting to see a rebound in end markets. In fact, we anticipate that the global markets would likely remain under pressure particularly as inventories continue to correct in the North American Class 8 truck market. In spite of this, we will continue to drive performance in 2017. We will maintain our focus on margin, EPS and cash flow, and we will begin executing on our capital allocation priorities. 2017 will also be an important year as we have remained committed to an aggressive product life cycle that is part of our M2019 program. These important new products represents a critical element of the revenue objective we established to grow sales more than 20% above market. Also, as part of M2019, we plan to increase EPS, achieve our leverage target for net debt, and return 25% of free cash flow to shareholders. We're confident in a strong finish this year and look forward to beginning our new three-year plan that will shift the pendulum towards growth. We demonstrated with M2016 that we know how to develop and deliver on our strategy to drive shareholder value. We plan to do it again with M2019. We'll provide more details as we begin next year. Before we take your questions, I'm pleased to share with you that our board of directors recently elected Jan Bertsch as a new Director. Jan has been Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer of Owens-Illinois since November of 2015. Prior to that, she held executive financial positions with Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, BorgWarner and the Chrysler Group. We are pleased to add Jan's experience and expertise to our board as we enter the next chapter of our success through the execution of our M2019 strategy. Now, let's take your questions.
Jeffrey Craig: Thanks, Brian. This is Jay. Thanks for the question. You're right. We're happy to be part of [indiscernible] group success in Europe. We have not experienced any capacity constraints on our end. I think as you know, we've made some significant investments in all our manufacturing facilities around the world, and in particular, in our Lindesberg, Sweden plant that is the primary supporting facility for [indiscernible] Europe. And we're also pleased, I should mention as well, that IVECO is doing quite well, which is also a significant customer of ours in Europe. So, we're benefiting from both of those customers having very strong performance right now.
Jeffrey Craig: That's great question, Brian. I think overall, as I look it at 30,000 feet, what it's done is driven our relationship closer on the technical side because if the needs to meet those requirements on both sides to the Atlantic. We've made investments in new lab equipments to help our customers measure the benefits of fuel economy increases. In addition to all the new product development we're pushing forward, you mentioned that Detachable Tandem certainly have those types of products in our future product program of plans. We talk about here on this side of the Atlantic to 14X EVO which will increase fuel economy. And also, we have a similar product on the European side called 17X EVO, which is driven as having market improvement in fuel economy. But it all fits in to what I spoke about at the Analyst Day of us doubling the pace of our product introduction over the next few years. We think we are not only meeting but exceeding our customers' expectations in that regard.
Jeffrey Craig: And our exposure is primarily on the heavy side and less on the medium duty side in Brazil as you look at those markets. We particularly have exposure on the extra heavy side, which is doing slightly better in a very weak market right now with the wins with DAF most recently. Their product is focused on that extra heavy side and we have a little more exposure on that side.
Jeffrey Craig: Neil, this is Jay. Just let me give you a couple of data points. Approximately $300 million of that new revenue win we expect to be in fiscal year 2016. And then we expect the remainder to flow through over the next couple of years. So, relatively near-term improvement. Obviously, we're repositioning, focusing on M2019 objectives and starting to refocus to develop a similar pipeline as well for that period.
Jeffrey Craig: Sure. Thanks. Yeah. The medium-duty market, you even saw on some of the information coming out last night, has been more stable than the Class 8 market. Right now, down a bit but still even on last night's information, but it has been more stable. Our exposure to that market is relatively small compared to our Class 8 exposure. We have a couple of large customers who are associated with Navistar and Hino. We are in the process of launching the 13X Axle with Navistar and it's going very well. And we would expect to plan that launched with Hino here in the future as we go forward. And we continue that discussions with other OEs about that product because of our belief that it's a superior product in terms of performance in fuel economy and durability.
Jeffrey Craig: With the bulk of our OE customers we have pass-through mechanism that allows us to pass through increases or decreases as steel indices move. And those are intended to match up with our purchasing activity from our suppliers. Now, there is a lag between the cost coming through favorably or unfavorably from our supplier and the pass-through mechanism to our customer and that lag tends to be in the range of about six months. So, as we've gotten some benefit from steel over the course of the early part of this year with indices coming down we've been now giving that back to our customers through the pass-through mechanisms. And then as we look to the fourth quarter and we start to see the index tick up, we'll start to see some headwind from that, but then we would get the benefit of that from our customers back sometime during 2017, effectively on a six-month lag.
Jeffrey Craig: With our OE customers in the North America, European, Brazilian markets, really all of our OE business has done some sort of pass-through arrangement. The only businesses that aren't formally really on a pass-through mechanism would be our Africa market business with is really just more subject to the pricing pressures in that market.
Jeffrey Craig: Sure. Well, I'll start first with Brazil, Brett. I was down there just a few weeks back and I think what we're seeing as it appears to market has stabilized at this very low level that the inventory levels seem correct from what the demand is right now. So, if we see an uptick in demand, it should move relatively quickly into production. We're not seeing that at this point, but at least, the inventory levels seem to be balanced in the right direction. And if we move to North America, I think it's really an opposite issue. We still have excess inventory in the system. You could - depending on which figure you look at, it could be upwards to a month's worth of production, it's still an inventory that needs to clear the system. As the fleets are being very cautious, freight rates have become a bit unstable if you look at the release - the recent public earnings releases from Swift or on Knight. They're still seeing pressure on freight rates. And I think this is really going to take two things for us to see that market to begin to pick up back more to a replacement demand level. And that is that the fleets see stronger freight rates and we start to see that inventory get to a more normalized level. And so, what I'm looking towards is really to the ATA meeting in the first week of October that tends to be a good bellwether with a lot of the larger fleets placing their orders around that time period. And we should get a pretty clear view of where inventory stand at that point.
Jeffrey Craig: I'm not confident enough to stick my neck out on predicting the Brazilian economy yet. But, as I said, I think the good news is it appears the inventory levels have gotten to the right level of where we should see any upticks very quickly move in to production demand. So, that's the first step they needed to get to and they've gotten there.
Jeffrey Craig: I think as I've mentioned in my comments, we think the first two quarters, there remains some inventory to be cleared out of the system.
Kevin Nowlan: Okay. Hey, Ryan. It's Kevin Nowlan. There are really two things. First is material, labor and burden performance. And second is really the benefit of steel indices. And so, if you look at the $61 million, I think you've done the math right. You would expect ordinarily upwards of a $12 million headwind. We've seen a three positives. So, we're up $15 million of performance items. And it's really those two things more than anything else that are more than offsetting the lower volume.
Kevin Nowlan: There is. And so as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, I think we're going to see a little bit of a sequential headwind coming from steel indices. Over the last couple of quarters, we've seen some of the indices particularly in the North American market creeping up. And so we would expect a few million dollars of headwind, and that's reflected in our guidance for Q4.
Kevin Nowlan: And you can see what's happened in the market there. So, our revenue this year will be down about 30% in Brazil, probably in the 130s.
Kevin Nowlan: [indiscernible]. I think you characterized it the right way. If you think about $150 million debt authorization and the $100 million of common equity authorization, they are authorization. They're not specific programs. They're authorization that allow us to execute on our M2019 capital allocation priorities. And you remember what those are from Analyst Day, maintaining strong liquidity, achieving BB credit metrics, returning 25% of cash flow to shareholders and supporting our strategic growth initiatives. So, what these authorizations do is they give us the flexibility to be opportunistic in executing against those capital allocation priorities which includes a mix of both taking out some additional debts to reduce our leverage because that's important to achieve BB credit metrics, as well as meeting our commitment to returning value to shareholders. You should expect us to start commencing on execution under those programs within the next few quarters.
