Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks, Kevin. Let's turn to slide 14. The message I want to leave you with today is that our continued focus on those parts of the business that we can control has allowed us to stay on track to achieve our M2016 financial objectives. Over the past three years, we have developed the core competencies needed to help mitigate the effects of the cyclicality inherent in our business. In other words, downturns are not as dramatic (23:29) to our bottom line as they once were. Cost management, customer relationships and new product development have led to an improved financial profile. This is demonstrated by the fact that despite taking our sales outlook down by $125 million for fiscal 2016, we are still tracking to the 10% adjusted EBITDA margin, and we continue to win in the marketplace. With these competencies in place, we are well-positioned to execute on our M2019 growth focus plan which could be further fueled if our global markets strengthen over the next few years. Now, let's take your questions.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, we jumped off as (26:39) we talked about head count on – this is Jay. We jumped off as (26:42) we talked about at the Analyst Day about 50% penetration. And so, I think that we're starting to – we certainly expect year-over-year increases, because that penetration level certainly wasn't at that same level at these quarters last year.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Okay. Hey, Brian. This is Jay. Yeah, I think in answer to your first question, obviously, the one customer that has that alternative would be Daimler and we're seeing our penetrations remain stable there, consistent with the agreement that we have with them over the long-term. And then, secondly, on pricing, as you're well aware, we have long-term contracts with all our customers where the pricing remains relatively fixed other than the pass-through mechanisms for materials, which we do see. As market slowdowns occur, obviously that commodity price can decline and we can be passing a lot of those benefits to customers.
Jeffrey A. Craig: No, I think everybody in the industry appreciates that this is a highly cyclical industry, and they expect us to perform on the up-cycles when they can generate significant revenue and profitability, but that also requires that we have some fixed level of expectations of what pricing will be on the down-cycles, so we can manage our business to it. So we are not seeing them.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think at this point we do still believe it is an inventory correction from the aggressive buy last year. I mean if you look at a lot of the underlying factors that stabilized and are starting to improve, I think the manufacturing index has been positive the last two months. We're seeing the outlook for ton miles to be slowly increasing over time. What we look at is over the long term, trucking moves almost exactly on a flat line (36:44) with GDP growth. So if the overall economy holds up, this inventory should clear the system and we should go back to more normalized levels. Now, will we get back to the peak demand we saw a year ago? Probably not. But can we get back to normal replacement demand orders and production? We believe so.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. Great question. On the components piece, we are working with several potential customers responding to quotes that we had developed the business stream for. And so, we're very optimistic on that. As far as the off-highway, it's a little different approach. We are developing the products necessary to address that market. We're having discussions with potential customers and getting a very clear understanding of what they would expect from us in terms of product attributes and offerings, and we're aggressively investing in those applications. And so, we're still very optimistic about that. We think we have a lot of competitive strengths to bring to both of those marketplaces, not the least of which is just a reliability of delivery, the cost of our products and also the quality that we have. So we still feel very, very optimistic about those markets.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, I'll start with the end of (39:11) your question first. It is included in our guide, but I think it's more than Volvo. We are seeing that with Volvo, but I think what is really heartening to us is that our customer (39:25) and Renault were starting to see strengthening in that Southern European market as well which we haven't seen for several years. So I think it's across our customer portfolio base there in Europe. We're seeing a pretty broad-based recovery.
Kevin Nowlan: Hey, Colin, this is Kevin. I'll take that. Fundamentally, it's a change in the mix of our aftermarket North America portfolio that we've seen year-over-year where we really saw the increase in brake and wheel-end components which tends to be lower margin business for us, offset by a decrease in product mix of our higher margin business which tends to be our drivetrain components. So fundamentally, we saw that mix shift on a year-over-year basis.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. So far this year, aftermarket is slightly down in North America. But overall, we were expecting actually the markets to be up in aftermarket. But we haven't seen that as we were anticipating. On a full year basis, we're expecting the aftermarket to be relatively flat year-over-year, but what that means is that we're going to see our typical seasonal increase in revenue in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year, particularly as we go into this third fiscal quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: Brian, this is Kevin. You're right. Your math is roughly in the right range as you think about that $5 million line item we call volume mix performance and other, and there is volume and mix is a negative in that number. So you're in the right area. In terms of what that $10 million or something in that range looks like, what's driving the positive numbers there, a piece of it is lower steel indices. That's worth about $4 million year-over-year. The difference between the good news we get from lower steel prices from our suppliers and passing that back through to our customers on a lagged basis. And the balance of that is really material, labor and burden performance, driving cost performance not really, in this case, to the SG&A line, it's really been through the material, labor and performance lines, which goes through the gross margin.
Kevin Nowlan: It was tied to the Class 8 market. When we originally announced that, it was based effectively on about a $260 million market when we're announcing new business wins. So effectively, in our guidance, we are seeing the effects of what we had hoped to achieve in terms of the new business year-over-year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. Patrick, it's Kevin. I think your math is roughly right. I mean we're expecting to effectively average something around 10.4% for the back half of the year. Now, keep in mind, we're coming off a 9.9% quarter. But nonetheless, we're expecting the full back half of the year to be around 10.4%. To put that in perspective, what that means is we have to outperform 10% in the back half by about $6 million of EBITDA if you just do the math, so $3 million or so a quarter. And there's really two fundamental drivers of that. One is that revenue in the back half of the year is slightly stronger than the front half of the year. And so, we'd expect to contribute on that. And then second, we continue to reap the benefits from our performance initiatives, the material, labor and burden performance initiatives as they achieve full run rate for the full year.
Kevin Nowlan: Absolutely. As they have even in the second quarter, and you can see that just in response to Brian's question, volume mix performance and other were showing a plus $5 million, but that has a negative headwind from the mix we talked about in the aftermarket.
Kevin Nowlan: Plus just volume being down $19 million, yet, we're still throwing off a plus $5 million in that line item. So our performance has been pretty significant year-over-year.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean there's a number of things going on in there. You have again the steel indices, which is a tailwind, about $4 million year-over-year. We have quite a bit of material, labor and burden performance. And there's even some negative from FX on transaction. We have some transaction purchases which is part of our material cost overall that's been negatively impacted. But the net of all of that plus the volume and mix is the plus $5 million.
Kevin Nowlan: I think the answer is yes to that. I mean we got some benefit in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis and some more benefit in the second quarter. But as we look at the full year, we're not expecting to see much incremental benefit from it, because in some cases, steel prices have flatted or even in North America here in the last quarter, they've ticked up a little bit. So as we look at the full year on a year-over-year basis, we think we'll see a tailwind in total, but most of that tailwind is already in the P&L that we reported for the first half. The risk we have as we look out is if steel prices were to increase, because the cost coming through from our suppliers happens more quickly than the pass-through back to our customers. And so, our outlook right now is based on an expectation that steel prices roughly moderate at where they are, which is slightly up this past quarter in North America, although slightly down still in Europe overall.
