Jay Craig: Sure. Thanks Brian, this is Jay Craig. I will answer the questions sequentially. You are correct and as far as our expectations for revenue, I think FMTV as I mentioned in my comments, came in where we expected. I think the markets that came in a bit shorter than we expected were primarily in Europe, North American aftermarket and in India. So those markets came in weaker than we expected. I think particularly in Europe and India, those markets have been very difficult to call for us, as well as I believe everyone in our industry as I have interacted with them and read their comments publicly. So I think that’s where as we looked at it sequentially from Q4 to Q1, where the adjustments were. As far as volume and how we react to that, obviously there is a big impact from our equity earnings and JVs. Also those come through pretty heavily as we see volumes movements in North America and Brazil, and then as we look at the contractual price downs, we usually see the largest impact of those in our first quarter. Some of our contracts, particularly outside the U.S. still have some annual provisions in them, so they tend to be heaviest, the adjustments for those in our first fiscal quarter and we expect it to abate somewhat as the year goes on. As far as how we react to it, we had a very good quarter operationally in terms of the reducing material costs where we can control that. We actually are on our expectations, which were quite aggressive for that for the year. And also in our labor and burden improvements in our plants, are actually on are very, what we thought were aggressive planning assumptions. And then as both Chip and I mentioned in our comments, the actions taken on January 8 should help us significantly in reducing SG&A and fixed costs, so we do see our ability to expand margins sequentially benefiting quite significantly from those actions.
Jay Craig: Yes, the major sources of change would be as you would expect in Brazil and the U.S. So they would be our two JV’s with the Randons in the Brazilian market, one in the breaking area and one in trailers, and then obviously the Meritor Wabco JV and our Mexican JV, Sisamex. So those are the big JV’s with probably a lesser extent of an impact from our Indian JV, AAL and our Chinese JV was roughly flat.
Jay Craig: The earnings tend to move pretty well correspondently to the movement in markets. So our expectation as you can see from our guidance is that for example the Brazilian market strengthened sequentially throughout the year. So I think we expect and you should expect that the two JV’s in Brazil and performance should improve throughout the year as well. That is also our assumption in North America Truck, the strengthening in the back half of the year, so you should expect our JV’s there to perform more strongly as the year progresses.
Jay Craig: Brett, this is Jay again and good morning. I think if you recall in our fourth quarter, we showed a four-panel chart that showed for the key markets what our volume expectations were by quarter, represented by lines in those charts. We will be updating that for our Analyst Day on Tuesday and showing that to the audience on that day. But just as a preview for that, I think we expect that as we move to the second quarter, the revenue should be fairly similar to this quarter and then a recovery in the third and fourth quarter, driven primarily by three main markets, North America, South America and the aftermarket. We expect that China and India will roughly be flat for the year and I would add, that’s really the biggest change to our guidance from what we are speaking about today as compared to November. As you may recall, we expected a recovery particularly in China in the back half of our fiscal year, but we have kind of now flat-lined our expectations for the rest of the year and I think you are seeing out in the marketplace people having great difficulty forecasting how the Chinese construction market will perform for the rest of the year and so we thought it best to drive the business on the assumption that it’s just flat for the rest of the year and push the business internally based on those assumptions.
Jay Craig: Yes, I think there’s a couple of big things and we’ll walk you through in detail that next week, actually. It will be Kevin Nolan walking through that and you will see really two big impacts; the one you mentioned being the restructuring. It was very, very significant, that restructuring. As you may recall, we expect it to offset the entire margin loss for the difference between our margin on FMTV and our Commercial Truck products, so a very significant restructuring. We’ll walk through the details of that on Tuesday and the expected quarterization of that. We’ll give a rough idea of how that plays out. The other big move unrelated to volume as we have previewed earlier is we implemented fairly significant pricing actions in our aftermarket business on January 1. Those have a little bit of a lag effect, as you would expect. Our customers react to knowing that and tend to pre-buy a little and then we tend to see the benefit of that begin towards the end of January and then carry on through the year. So those are two of the biggest movers of our margin, independent of volume.
Jay Craig: We think any negative impact from that pricing will be more than offset in the traditional spring selling season we see for brake replacement. So we think that impact will overwhelm any negative impact from pricing. In addition, you should remember there’s obviously more selling days in our second fiscal quarter, the first calendar quarter, than in our first quarter, because of the Christmas holiday and those time periods. So I think those two impacts should more than over compensate for any negative reduction in volumes due to the pricing change.
Jay Craig: I’m sorry, Tim. I guess I would say this phrase, it’s better. We are driving the organization very hard and the team is working very hard at getting the inventory out. In their defense, when you get this enormous volatility of customers pulling weeks of production very late in the planning process, inventory can get backed up, particularly as you come through a holiday period, because we tend to build inventory in anticipating of ramping production backup beginning in January. And so in defense of our material handling team, it is a very challenging environment for them when it hit. Now, and there were also the two major impacts that I mentioned, that I don’t want to underestimate. We did take some defensive actions, knowing that there could have been a dock strike and a large part of our raw materials and our semi-finished materials come from overseas, with long supply lines and we wanted to make sure those weren’t disrupted if there was a dock strike, and we did purposefully build some inventory in Brazil in anticipation of the ramp-up we are seeing, so we are happy we did that. So we are very focused on that. We do expect that the inventory reduction throughout the year should become a net benefit to our working capital sequentially throughout the remainder of the year.
Jay Craig: We will walk you through in detail the purchasing and the expected material cost benefits on Tuesday as well. We continue to have some contractual price refund mechanisms in subsequent quarters, although somewhat more muted than we see in the first quarter as I mentioned earlier. But we are really making very, very good progress on our aggressive material cost reduction efforts and we’ll be walking people through that on Tuesday. So I think we could see it as a tailwind for the rest of the year.
