Ivor J. Evans: Thank you, Kevin. Let's turn to Slide 21. You're now familiar with the 3 financial measures we've established for 2016. We're confident we will achieve these targets because we believe the fundamentals of this company are strong. We've recognized globally -- we're recognized globally for our capabilities in designing, testing and manufacturing the best drivetrain products available anywhere. With efficiency and safety in mind, our global engineering team works with the supply chain and manufacturing to offer a technology-rich portfolio of drivetrain solutions, localized by region when needed. We effectively manage complexity for small volumes and aim to support our customer needs during periods of high volumes. The quality, durability and on-time delivery of our products has earned us the #1 market position in most of the markets we supply. We're growing organically, as demonstrated by the contracts we told you about today with large and growing global customers. Today, we had a recognized brand requested by the largest OEs and commercial truck fleets in the world, a global distribution network for aftermarket products and unmatched support and service from DriveForce to Drivetrain Express. M2016 represents the next step for us and provides the road map that will take us there. Our attention is focused on customers, products and process improvement. We're confident that if we remain committed to maximizing our performance in these areas, we'll be able to minimize the volatility inherent in this industry and achieve the targets we established to create greater value for our shareholders. Thank you. And now we'll take your questions.
Ivor J. Evans: Of the $110 million, we'll see some of that start in our 2014 numbers. It's obviously more hockey stick towards '16, but it will gradually increase in '15 with the full $110 million in 2016. As far as the global markets, obviously, we were concerned. They are -- our end markets are our concern. We'd like to see them stronger. But again, we've put a plan together that is not overly dependent upon end market recovery. And that's the good thing about M2016, is that we think we can do -- we can really improve our bottom line with what we're doing internally and organically without end market help.
Ivor J. Evans: The 3 motions are still before the court. Unfortunately, a trial date has not been set. And other than that, I really can't provide any further updates, but that's the status. I mean, we're waiting for the judge to set a trial date, and that hasn't happened yet.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, without giving specific -- answering that specifically, the -- we -- the customers are -- our customers are recognizing the value of our product offerings. And I tried to outline that a little bit in my comments. These are good business wins.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, it's basically, we didn't spend as much in '13. It's really at normalized level. So it's really not up versus where we've traditional been. But from a modeling standpoint, you can be in that $70 million, $80 million range.
Ivor J. Evans: We've given you our best estimate of what we think these markets will be. We've tried to be conservative. But your thoughts as to where these end markets are is as good as ours in that sense. We're at lower levels. I mean -- and the good news is that we are executing really, really well in markets that are depressed and at the lower end. So any kind of upswings that we see in any of these markets is a positive.
Ivor J. Evans: Yes, it's a combination of. We are seeing some pricing, particularly with our aftermarket. But we've also continued to perform on our net material and labor and burden areas as well. So it's a combination of all those things.
Ivor J. Evans: But the good news is we've got $110 million towards the $250 million goal, the $250 million we expect to hit in 2016. So we're 40% of the way there on that. And just to reiterate what Kevin says, we are seeing steady performance on the labor, burden and material area. Some of the pricing from aftermarket probably is a little more in '14, '15 as opposed to '16.
Ivor J. Evans: We -- you said it well. I would love for this to have moved at a faster pace. But we're dependent upon the trial judge to set a trial date, and she hasn't done it yet.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, we've been wrong at every pass so far. Initially, we thought at early fall, and then we would say maybe late fall. It hasn't happened yet. So your guess on this one is as good as ours and as good as our outside counsel who is helping with this. So we're just dependent upon Judge Robinson to set a date.
Ivor J. Evans: I might add a little bit to Jay's comment. Even though that this one does not require congressional approval, there is always an element of risk with the political process, so just as that as a caveat.
Ivor J. Evans: Well, the good news in Europe, we've seen a prebuy and we are seeing some strengthening in the European markets, particularly the Northern Europe. So -- but we can't provide specific guidance for the quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: In terms of pension contributions in '14, it's about $11 million remaining. And we didn't prefund those because those tend to be pay-as-you-go plans. In terms of the pension and OPEB breakout, I'm going to have to get that for you out of the 10-K, I think, in terms of the breakdown. I think the pension -- I'm going to have to get that detail for you.
Kevin Nowlan: We disclose it normally in the 10-K. I mean, I think if you look at our fiscal year '12, South America represented between 10% and 15% of revenue. And I think when you look at it again this year, you'll see it's probably in that same ZIP code.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, the key for us to getting the tax rate to more normalized levels over time is to generate better earnings out of our jurisdictions in which we're not a taxpayer. Because, as you'll recall, we have valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions, like in the U.S. and through our Western Europe. Which means if we generate any losses in those jurisdictions, we're not able to recognize a tax benefit. So as the earnings profiles of those geographies improve, it improves our overall effective tax rate.
Kevin Nowlan: Robert, it's Kevin. It's both. I mean, if we think about the key objectives that are really driving margin expansion in M2016, I mean, you have material -- or Meritor value proposition, which is really on both commercial truck in industrial, as well as aftermarket. I think aftermarket experienced some of the successes of that in '13, but there is more to come there. As you look at reduced material costs and better labor and burden performance, that crosses both segments as well. So I don't think you should assume that we're done in one segment or the other. There's more to come in both segments.
Kevin Nowlan: And to that point, Robert, and you'll see it on the slide where we talk about our revenue outlook and our margin expansion over the next few years, I think it's fair to assume -- I think you'd be in the right ZIP code if you assume 15% to 20% incremental conversion on new business. Some are going to be higher, some are going to be in that range, at the lower end of that range. I think, overall, when we'd look at revenue increases up towards our 2016 targets, you should expect the incremental conversion to be in that range.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, I think our guidance really contemplates what the planning is for fiscal year '14. Keep in mind, as we talked about and Ike mentioned, we've historically had a breakeven of around 7% to 7.5%. So as we're migrating toward our 10% objective over the next couple of years, which will allow it to generate meaningful cash flow, we're still at a stage -- we're at 7.5% --- we are not throwing off a lot of cash flow. But as we see the margin expansion and the recovery of the end markets, we would expect to see that free cash flow improve even more.
Kevin Nowlan: I think right now, we're really focused on those M2016 strategies that Ike talked about earlier. That's really where the focus is as we head into '14.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. The plan contribution, we had -- we expect another $11 million of pension contributions that we'll be making over the course of the year. The $54 million was -- that we funded at the end of last year was really what was mandatory to be contributed this year. The $11 million really represents primarily pay-as-you-go plans in some of our international jurisdictions. So the assumption embedded in our free cash flow is another $11 million of pension contributions.
Kevin Nowlan: It's really a mix. I mean, as you think about some of the different elements. As you look at material, labor and burden performance, for instance, we expect to see steady progression on those each year as we move forward. As we look at some of the other things on pricing actions or even on some of the new business wins, they tend to be more back-end loaded. So I think you should expect to see sequential improvement as we head into '14, '15 and '16, but it's not going to be a straight line.
Kevin Nowlan: No, you're not getting ahead. I mean, that's -- you're right on point. I mean, we are expecting to generate positive cash flow as we get through the fiscal '16, M2016 plan. And we expect to deploy that cash flow, primarily to reduce our debt and debt-like liabilities so that we can target achieving BB credit metrics.
Kevin Nowlan: 2015. I think it'd be probably a slow ramp-up in the early part of 2015, but then we -- but we would start to see production potentially in '15.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not really providing any guidance by quarter at this point. But you can imagine, the prebuy does have a benefit on the year overall as we think of the first quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Kevin Nowlan: I didn't mention pension expense. It will be de minimis in the year. I don't have the exact number in front of me, but it's virtually nothing.
Kevin Nowlan: We didn't comment one way or the other. I think it's all contemplated in the 0 to $25 million. And the same with restructuring. Historically, we've given some estimate of the restructuring bucket because it's been outside of our free cash guidance. But this year, we are giving free cash guidance in totality, inclusive of restructuring or anything else. So I think you should just assume those are all pieces or potential elements of the 0 to $25 million of guidance.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. Yes. This is Jay Craig. Yes, I've just come back from Brazil in the last couple of weeks. And certainly, the market isn't recovering entirely to the levels we would have expected in the short term. As Kevin mentioned in his comments, we're still bullish on the long term. There are some segments of the market that are quite strong, due to the strong agriculture performance out of Brazil. And that tends to favor the very-heavy-truck segment because those are the vehicles required to move those goods. So you're seeing the heavy truck segment perform quite well there. And for the customers that we're aligned with, we're performing well there. But it's really the lighter heavies that has still experienced weakness since the emissions change, which caused a large price increase, which is still being digested by the market.
Jeffrey A. Craig: We're not giving a specific guidance on the effective tax rate. But I think you can do some math that would suggest the effective tax rate is not going to be down to the normal levels we would hope to achieve over time.
Jeffrey A. Craig: This is Jay, Robert. I think we're making good progress with both customers right now. I would say the relationships we have with those customers are strong. And we're having good discussions about how we both optimize the value that we provide to those customers. And I think all of us are very pleased on both sides, both the Volvo side and Daimler North America side and our side, on the progress we're making there.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. I mean, it's really consistent with what we see in the outlook for the region. So if you look at North America, it's relatively normalized replacement demands. So we are comfortable with the capacity utilization at that level. We certainly are comfortable that we could flex to higher levels there, if required. I think in Europe, there's a pretty strong prebuy going on right now. So the capacity is not, although 100% utilized, being utilized at a fairly high level. And then as we look at South America, we are probably operating at slightly lower levels than we would expect to. And certainly in China and India, it's probably far below what our capacity is right now. And we've taken actions there to align our variable and fixed costs in line with what we're seeing right now.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Yes, we're expecting a decision out of the Marines, so sometime in the next 12 months on that product. And so we're still -- I think we are very well positioned on 2 of the 4 down-selected programs. And so I think we're very pleased with our positioning there and our -- the vehicles we're aligned with are performing very, very well.
Kirk Ludtke: Is there -- when you think about what would be a reasonable time line for -- when does -- is there any kind of way to gauge what the particular time line...
Kirk Ludtke: Okay, that's helpful. With respect to the HMMWV upgrade, you said something was going to happen in the next 12 months, and I missed it.
Kirk Ludtke: Okay, great. And back to the 2014 guidance for a second. You highlighted that the prebuy in Europe a couple of times. And is -- can you give us a sense for how much of the total annual production will be in the December quarter of the 3 60 for...
Kirk Ludtke: Okay. And then just a couple follow-ups on the other cash flow items. Did you mention pension expense in 2014? I know that funding is 11, but...
Kirk Ludtke: Okay. And restructuring and working capital? I think you mentioned working capital would be a source, but I'm sure if...
