Mark Smith: Thank you, Sienna. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins results for the first quarter of 2012. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Ward; and Vice President and President of our Engine business, Rich Freeland. We will all be available for your questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financials. Our press release with the copy of the financial statements and a copy of today's webcast presentation are available on our website at www.cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media. With that out of the way, we will begin with our Chairman and CEO, Tom Linebarger.
Mark Smith: Thanks, Pat. [Operator Instructions] I will, of course, be available right after the call for any follow-ups. Sienna, we are now ready for our first question.
Mark Smith: Yes. Steve, this is Mark, I'll start and Rich can chip in. But I mean demands remain strong, both in our customers in the U.S. and across the board. Like everybody else, we're seeing negative headlines on the U.S. coal, but that doesn't represent a significant part of our business. So right now, we continue to experience robust demand across the globe.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. So as we talked about, in India, we are seeing stronger demand now, which is good. It's a big market for Cummins. China is still doing fine. It won't be as high as it was in the second, third quarter last year, but it's still going to be doing well. As we mentioned, we expect some pick up in the Middle East versus a pretty weak quarter. Brazil and Latin America continue to be doing fine, and we see good business there. The North America point we were making is we had -- North America was coming back, and this is sort of the second time we've seen this where North American orders picked up, and then they dropped off a little bit as the economy kind of flagged a little bit. They picked up again, as we talked about in some of our previous calls. And then we have just seen, in recent weeks, it's really just been weeks, some softening in the order book. We just don't really know what it means. We're not sure how much softening we're going to see in North America. But we've heard that pretty consistently from other folks as well. So we're just keeping our eyes on that one.
N. Thomas Linebarger: We're not entirely clear, to be honest. Right? What we know in Africa is that we've got a very aggressive plan to establish distribution and build it out to grow share in markets in Africa, and we didn't meet our targets for the quarter. We know that much. All the reasons we meet -- met, that there were some market issues. In Nigeria, in particular, there was quite a bit of problem, political violence and things in Nigeria, which slowed everybody's business down. Some places we also just didn't execute as well as we'd like. So that's part of it. In the Middle East, we just saw a little bit of a dip. We don't see any economic reason why that should continue. So our view is it's going to pick up. So both of those, they're not huge numbers in the grand scheme of things. They just were disappointing relative to what we expected.
N. Thomas Linebarger: And we do have order book already for a lot of that. So it's not like we're guessing that. We do know that second quarter will be better. The North American piece is the one where we're still -- we're just watching closely to see what happens.
N. Thomas Linebarger: And we've really got several waves [ph], as you know, Jerry, in new products, if I can comment on the China regs in that light. So we've got a whole set of products that we're introducing related to Tier 4 product. We've got products related to emissions releases in other countries as in China, for example, the new NS4 regulator are expected to be July 2013. And again we've [indiscernible] others because of agencies who are battling over dates both jointly announced [indiscernible]. So there's a whole bunch of products [indiscernible] and other similar down the road and then as markets moved out, we're introducing product [indiscernible] highway. We talked about new [indiscernible] products, et cetera. So, we do have a lot more out, and I think what we're expecting is over the growth period, the period to reach our growth target, new products will make a substantial [indiscernible] sales. But they're kind of coming out [indiscernible] out a year or 2 ago or the ones that are going to impact 2013 [indiscernible] plus the ones we're announcing now.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I guess I would just like to add, I just like to highlight, even the 2 businesses that didn't see quite as strong of sales results, the Distribution business and Power Gen business, both also managed cost quite well. And the Power Gen business, as you know, we had better margins on lower sales as a comparison point, which is -- that's pretty a good performance. That's what we're looking for. And both of those business leaders and leadership teams are working hard on making sure that they're balancing their cost structure with what they're seeing. And I went through the markets and it's a mixed bag. There's a lot of volatility in our markets today. And what I think the businesses are doing well is they're capturing the opportunities that are there and they're executing and managing costs across the world, while still investing in growth. I just think that's a hard group of balls to keep in the air. And so I don't think it was a one-off. I don't think it had anything to do with the weather or anything else. I think pretty much folks have been doing what they need to do to keep margins growing while still investing for the future.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. We had a very strong Q1 and ended up at right around 45%. I think our guidance has been 35% to 40%, and so we're now projecting to the top end of 40%. Our market share is tied really to -- in the short term, to what the production rate is at our customers. So we think going forward, our market share with each of the OEs will remain very close to what it is right now. And what we will see is we'll see some short-term adjustments as our customers either increase or reduce their build rates. And so you've seen with some of the recent announcements on reduced build rates, that will have an impact on our market share in the short term. And that's why we're projecting 40% for the year, Jamie.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. Well, so we have, as you know, quite a bit of experience with spark ignited now in on-highway markets. Pretty much we're the only one with an on-highway presence today in spark-ignited engines or natural gas engines period, and we've been using that technology for some time. Our view, of course, is that the demand for spark-ignited natural gas engines is driven by the lower, much lower price of natural gas in the market today. It's still -- from a fuel point of view, there's not as much infrastructure. There's other adaptations that can be made for the truck to store the fuel that are difficult and still issues to be worked out. But the price of natural gas has come down low enough where there's a whole bunch of customers interested in trying natural gas to drive various kinds of fleets. They're already -- the ones that come back home every night are already using it. But some of the fleets that were doing regional hauls and things like that are interested in trying it. And of course, we have in our Cummins Westport joint venture, already -- we're already launching a 12-liter engine, which has got enormous interest. And the idea of the 15-liter engine is, as people continue to extend out the range with which they want to take natural gas engines, that's a natural extension to the 15 liter. So that's our logic. We have, as I mentioned in my words, people are -- customers are already telling us they're really, really interested in the product. So again, we'll see when we get there. But our view is if natural gas prices stay anywhere near where they are and infrastructure continues to build out, there will be significant interest in that technology. And we think it's the best match between simplicity, affordability, efficiency and performance for the customers. And all those things, of course, matter to our customers.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Power Gen, no difference in oil and gas. Again, the comments we've made about oil and gas are primarily related to the frac-ing markets. So we have -- our growth in oil and gas from an Engine point of view has been across several, but the biggest growth in the recent times has been the frac-ing market, which, as you know, has slowed down quite a bit as natural gas prices have gone down. So that's the part that's sort of softening. All -- the rest of the Power Gen -- oil and gas markets including the ones that need Power Generation equipment are not particularly slowing.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. Right. And the frac-ing, just in terms of how we count things, because again, everyone has to figure that out, we put frac-ing -- the engines that we use for frac-ing rigs are in the oil and gas segment of our Engine business. And that's the part that we mentioned in our remarks looks like it's slowing pretty significantly as a result of natural gas prices falling. Frac-ing units have been moved to other uses, which again they're still running. We're still servicing them and we're still doing a lot of aftermarket business there, but they're not buying new engines for more frac-ing.
N. Thomas Linebarger: I -- boy, market share in Brazil. I'm not sure I could give you market share in Brazil, Tim. Let me just comment a few pieces on SCR in Brazil, and then I'll let Mark see if he can get -- scramble to get some numbers for you. But in Brazil, our SCR systems are primarily being offered to a couple of our customers that we've been partnering with, MAN and Ford. We are trying to pursue other customers. But we're -- on a launch basis, we're primarily with them, and that includes the engines that we make but also some engines that they make we're pursuing SCR systems on. And so that's why we're seeing even -- we're seeing growth even as, for example, on MAN, we had -- they switched to one of their own engines but we're still able to sell them aftertreatment systems. So in that sense, our business, it looks like it's going to grow quite rapidly in Brazil. As I mentioned, I was just down there. I visited our aftermarket division. I also visited some customers, and the ramp up has gone very well. The transition -- it was a big deal for Brazil to go to Euro 5 because they skipped one level. So a significant increase in the complexity of their engines and aftertreatment systems. And the ramp up went very, very well, and our customers were really pleased with our performance. So I'm very -- really excited about that. In China, there's still a fair bit of room to cover. Since we're not really launching until the middle of 2013, we know that we'll be on the Cummins engines and the JV engines that we're making. We're still working on markets with other customers. We have some very good -- some very likely customers, but we really aren't in a place to announce anything with them yet, both from a confidentiality point and just a readiness point of view.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Right. And Tim, we just don't -- I mean, again, it's just not appropriate to announce new customers just because they haven't announced. When they announce, we can announce.
N. Thomas Linebarger: In India, Tim, a couple of things going on. First, unlike in China, what I mentioned, inflation is still high in India. So there's still -- while they've tried to -- they've had one rate decrease, it was a one small decrease against 11 or 12 increases previously. So they're still in this the tough balance between inflation and growth. They've also seen lower tax revenues. So they're doing a whole bunch of things to raise new taxes, all of which has kind of got the economy in -- it's not that it's not growing it's just not growing as robustly as it was previously. And there's still quite a bit of to and fro and to figure out how they're going to get back there. Again, we have confidence that they will, but I think the next couple of quarters are not going to be as strong as their previous kind of high. It'll take them a little bit longer, I think to, get back to where they're seeing robust growth. Our Power Generation business is still doing really well, and part of that is some improvement as you've mentioned in some capital purchases. But largely, what we're seeing is power shortfalls in parts of the country. And that's been the experience with our Power Generation business for many years is that we -- it's some combination of nonresidential construction spending and just power issues that drive the Power Generation business. And in this case, it's largely driven by the fact that they just have power shortages.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Eli, a couple of things. First, in Europe, we don't have any forecast for a significant improvement nor have we ever. So I think that we have not changed anything there. The only thing that happened, it was in actuals. We saw an improvement in Europe and that was just because we had a very low comparison a year ago. In China though, I would agree with your point to some degree, especially in the excavator market, where we underestimated I think the inventory that was in our customers' hands. That has, again, now dampened our views of demand. And to be honest, we should have had a better view of that than we did. But in terms of our view of China, we've sort of felt like a second half -- in terms of economic recovery, second half is when we would see it, and we still believe that. Again, timing and China recovery, to your point is -- we're not -- we can't foresee the future, but that's our view based on everything we look, and we watch it a lot. Rich was just there talking with customers and other leaders. I was -- I'll be there in June, and I was there late last year. So we're doing everything we can do to try to make our best view. And what you've seen is presented as our best view of what we think is going to happen in China. If things don't recover as quickly, we'll deal with it. Again, it's hard to give a forecasted estimate because it depends on how much and at what markets and all that kind of thing. And so I can't give you an estimate, but we'll deal with it and we'll adjust expectations as necessary. But right now, what you have is our best view.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Yes. So we -- it's about a $300 million business that we talked about growing to $1 billion over the next 4 to 5 years. And so -- and we've said that would be down 19%. So there's a piece of it. U.S. will be down more than that. The parts business remains strong. We're still adding -- we're adding frac-ing rigs still in China, in Argentina. So the net of that is the 19%.
N. Thomas Linebarger: No. If anything, our demand from client has actually increased since the last -- our last guidance, Andy. So that's strengthened, generally. Mining's actually gone up a touch. I mean, not significant. So generally no, we have not.
N. Thomas Linebarger: Our view is that addition of capacity actually has the opportunity to not only improve capacity, but also improve productivity. Because we're just too stretched there. Working 3 shifts and that many days is not the right way to do it. So adding a little capacity so we can operate closer to where we want to even at current demand will be better in terms of productivity and quality.
Patrick J. Ward: That is if you look into the second quarter, we see some significant step up in the order book across the world, but exactly what Tom spoke about in North America. So second quarter will be much more in line with what I think we were projecting for the full year [indiscernible].
Patrick J. Ward: Okay, Jerry. So the new products announcement that we've had out, we talked about our -- the QSF industrial engine that's going to be more 2014, 2015. We just announced that at the intramatual [ph]. And then we've also talked about the dual-fuel option for our -- starting with our 50-liter engine for oil and gas applications and high horsepower. So again, those are going to be building over time. They're not going to have a huge impact this year, but just some example of many of the things we're working on new product growth.
Patrick J. Ward: Thank you. Yes, I'll be delighted to start. I was -- to me, the story of the quarter was the margin performance. And not just the incrementals that we talked about year-over-year, but if you look at what happened fourth quarter, the first quarter, our sales always drop off in Q1. But all 4 businesses just did a terrific job at managing costs, continuing to improve their productivity in the manufacturing plants. And we increased our gross margin and our EBIT margin in the first quarter. So I was thrilled with the performance of all 4 segments. It's still early days I think with regards to seeing real tangible benefits from the supply chain initiative. We are seeing some. I think in the last call we gave guidance of 0.2 improvement for the year, and we're pretty confident that we're going to see that. But most of the improvements that we see in the first quarter is down to what the manufacturing plants are doing in converting demand through their facilities and doing it in a very efficient manner.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. The weakness is in North America and it tends to be on the large projects orders. So what we've seen is global softening in data centers and healthcare in particular. But outside North America, I don't think we're seeing anything in terms of softness, actually it's strengthening.
Patrick J. Ward: What I would say, Tim, is first quarter was fairly light on Euro 5 engines, but our aftertreatment revenues were approximately $20 million this quarter in Brazil, so that's all new. Previously we'd said $100 million to $130 million of revenue this year will be towards the lower end of that given the change in the market guidance. But that's going well. And we have -- we've got significant known customer wins not just in China, Russia. We're working with some in India for future products, and we've got some new customers in Japan. So clearly, working on all other new things in the aftertreatment business and to the parts and Components. And that's why we're still confident in the strong growth rates and Components going forward.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. Tim, so the government's kind of reimposed a 2% excise tax on trucks, so that -- we're seeing some near-term impacts of that. I think India we're clearly not back to full robust growth yet. So I think it's a little movement around the orders. But overall, we haven't changed our full year expectation for the market.
Patrick J. Ward: Improvements. So that gives you a sense of the 2. The former one, it was much more of a tailwind than material cost year-over-year.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. So cash flow in the first quarter is always our weakest point of the year. We've seen that last year. You see that again this year. I expect cash to be a positive inflow now for the next 3 quarters. With regards to working capital, again, I'm really pleased with the performance of the businesses here. Although working capital to dollars went up by around $200 million in the first quarter, when you look at it as a percent of sales, Adam, and compare it to the same point last year, we're 2 percentage points better. So working capital probably got a little bit more as we go through the rest of the year and the business continues to grow. But overall, cash flow will be positive. Net cash flow will be positive for the full year. And I think we talked in the last call that our target for 2012 from cash from operations is just over $2 billion again. So very strong year with regards to cash.
Patrick J. Ward: Yes. Tim, we don't give specific guidance for profitability within the segment. But what I will say is that we expect it to remain very solid all through the remainder of the year. And so we had fantastic first quarter. That caused us to increase guidance for the full year. We will incur more investment and spending research and development projects as we go through the year. But putting that aside, we are still [indiscernible] and all 4 businesses [indiscernible] are performing exceptionally well [indiscernible].
Richard J. Freeland: Andy, this is Rich Freeland. A couple of things. A couple of moving pieces here, but the fundamentals, I think, as we're all aware of haven't changed and we think remained very strong, so bullish. But what we have seen is the retail order aboard softening. So the retail sales -- so it was very high in Q4 and then has weakened here in Q1. And as we talk to people, and it appears it may have been a little overheated in Q4 as folks were concerned about delivery issues and lead time, and we're seeing some balancing. So we didn't overreact to the Q4 and didn't take our market projections up. And likewise, we're not over reacting to being a little lower than what the rate is right now. And so -- and we can look forward. Not out a long ways. As we look certainly into Q2, that tends to be playing out for us pretty well that where we're at with the 2.78. Just one other thing on North America. You may be aware of this, but we also -- we're benefiting some from export sales that we get. So production and NAFTA [ph] that shipped outside. So some of the offsets in the U.S., in fact, in Q2 have been covered by increased sales to Latin America, even into exports into Australia. So that looks -- so we think it's a pretty balanced view that we've got right now. Of course, we're monitoring close, and where we stand is pretty much in line with where our customers are and the feedback we're getting from them.
Richard J. Freeland: Yes. On truck, kind of unlike excavator where we really don't have as good a data on what inventory looks like, we're developing pretty good information on this. I just returned from there 2 weeks ago and looked at all the data especially around inventory, both at our OEs and dealer. And that's been cleaned out of the system now. So it's back where it should be. So the increase we've got in Q4, which is not a significant increase, but the increase we've got built in is tied more, again, to macroeconomic. And there is a growing consensus on this, as I circled around and talked, that we'll see that recovery in Q2. And so I think unlike excavator we've got it a little bit more into the back end of the second half of the year. I'd look on the truck side kind of mid-year that we'll start to see that recovery.
Richard J. Freeland: Yes. This is one where we have pretty long lead times and pretty -- so we look at the order board and just back from our biggest customer. And again, we're looking at double digits, kind of the 10%, and that order board's pretty full, and so it's really sold out almost through the end of the year right now on the mining side.
Richard J. Freeland: We'll follow through with that. We've -- quite frankly, over the last 1.5 years, we've been busting at the seams with what we had and working 7 days a week, almost 24 hours a day. So with the adding of about 50,000 capacity, we'll follow through with that, and that'll get -- be in play later this year, be available later this year.
