Mark Andrew Smith: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins results for the first quarter of 2018. Participating with me today are our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Linebarger; our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Ward; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Rich Freeland. We'll all be available for your questions at the end of our prepared remarks. Before we start, please note that some of the information you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in our slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly report on 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures and we refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financials. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and today's materials are available on our website at cummins.com under the heading of Investors and Media. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Tom.
Mark Andrew Smith: Hey, Jerry, it's Mark. So we've seen an improvement in most parts of the world, except the Middle East which remains patchy. I would say the common theme across the regions is strong demand from data centers and then it varies by segment. But generally, a steady increase across those markets, and that's the third straight quarter of year-over-year increase. So, not – you know, it's not extraordinary acceleration, but it feels like we've got some momentum. Typically, we have an order board that runs multiple quarters, but, obviously, high confidence in the next 90 days.
Mark Andrew Smith: No, just Q1 probably was the easiest comp of the year. We were up about 48%, (40:22) good, and we're seeing good growth in new engines and parts, that strengthened a little bit since the start of the year.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Okay. Hey, Jerry, this is Rich. Let me – couple of things here. You've got a few questions in there. So first, the piece we're looking at is a component on the aftertreatment system that we used only in North America. It was for engines 2010 through 2015, predominantly 2010 through 2012, okay, as we phased that product out beginning in 2013. What we've done is we've looked at the entire population over that, so it's a fixed amount of what the population is. And what we proposed here to the agencies and what we've recorded in $187 million is a combination of, in some cases, no action that these products are going to be fine; in some cases, a software fix; and, in some cases, a hardware fix, okay. So, that's what the charge is related to. Of course, we'll have to get approval from the agencies on this. The discussions are collaborative and good with the agencies. It does not affect any other products anywhere else in North America or any other part of the world. This is a very specific component that was used that is under evaluation right now.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Okay, yes. So as far as performance either what the customer feels on productivity of the vehicle or fuel economy, there's no impact there. So it's purely an emissions issue, kind of late life emissions beyond even the warranty of the product that as the product degrade. So the impact on customers will be, like I said, in some cases, nothing. In some cases, we'll bring it in and do a calibration. In some cases, we'll bring it in and change the hardware out, and it'll be a voluntary recall.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Yes. I mean, what we know is what we're saying right now is the population that we've got today. So anything else, I'd be really speculating on. What I will say is we're driven to resolve this thing over the next two quarters and so we'll work with agencies and we'll get a final answer to this and kind of get this thing behind us.
Richard Joseph Freeland: And Jamie, this is Rich. Then, on the constraints, we're certainly seeing all the constraints that you read about and everyone else sees. But what we are – I think we're positioned right now, we talked about over sometime our supply base is pretty flexible. And we're actually seeing, we're seeing some evidence of it today that if things have ramped up, we are ramping up a little better than other folks. It's actually an opportunity to pick up share. So, we're seeing some small bits of this. We are paying some incremental premium freight; those type of things, like everyone else is paying there. But so far so good. So nothing has caused us to increase lead times, put product on allocation, et cetera.
Richard Joseph Freeland: To be determined. I'd say the nice thing that we are seeing is we get the ramp up and we're seeing the back orders go up, we look particularly in North America. The underlying fundamentals are pretty good though, as to what freight – how freight is doing, what rates are doing, which we're all seeing, and we're seeing in some of those, but the underlying fundamentals look pretty good right now kind of supporting that increase in demand.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Yeah. So on the Eaton joint venture, just a couple of numbers. So the AMT you asked about the transition, we're up to 73% now. So, that's coming along as we thought potentially little higher. Our market share is where we thought it would be. So the Cummins/Eaton joint venture market share is good. The transition has gone quite well. So the cultures anytime you're merging two things together, there's some risk. You just come together really well. The culture has been good, the team work is good and so really so far so good. The sales forecast, so last year $163 million will be over $450 million this year in revenues out of the joint venture.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Yes. Alex, so I'm not sure we know the answer to that. But it does appear, it has been less cyclical, it has been steadily growing, okay? And so our view is all the underlying cases I wouldn't want to speak – I wouldn't be able to speak to. But I do think it feels pretty sustained and it's tied to more than just the on-highways, it's tied to the construction market, infrastructure being invested in around the world. And so it does seem to have a more staying power and we're kind of reflecting that now, plus cyclicality more staying power. Has there been a fundamental step up I guess is still to be determined.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Okay. Yeah. Thanks for the question. As you could imagine, while this is – there's a specific cause here. We're using this as a call to action. So how do we make some incremental improvements on where we are now or even step function improvements where we are? So we are investing heavier in analytics, in modeling, in looking at all of our processes to drive improvement. We've been in the kind of the low-2% range for some time, okay. With warranty periods being extended, more expectations, we've maintained kind of that 2% to 2.5%. And so, we're doing a couple of things. One is, we're putting actions in place to how this would never ever, ever happen again, okay, the modeling. And so, we've got those in place, but we're also saying, let's bring an outside look in and say use this as a call to action to how do we drive this down over the next five years to a much lower number. And I think you know our track record and when we put our resources and put our efforts towards achieving (52:01) our track record and delivering, that's pretty darn good. And so, this one's getting a lot of attention as you can imagine, even though the one case is somewhat isolated.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Just to put a number on that. So, on the off-highway, we're projecting an 8% increase. We're now saying 20% to 25%, which is what we said first quarter because that felt more sustained and less cyclical than what was going on in the truck market. And both of those seem to be playing out a little bit.
Richard Joseph Freeland: Joel, thanks for that question. Not delicate, it's fine. We're pretty small in the rail market overall. If you just kind of think about rail globally, we're pretty small player and we have participated essentially in the diesel part of the rail rather than the diesel electric side, which was driving from much larger engines and again that trend has continued. So we have had a segment that we participate in. Now the introduction of the Hedgehog engines got us into more of that. But still we're really just getting into it. And I think what's helped us get a little bit of a toehold there has been the fact that we were ready with our tier four engines before other people and I think our solution is better. It's a better long-term total cost of ownership and so we have a bit of an advantage. We don't have the same advantage of being a large player already in the market. Everybody knows our product, and, therefore, a long history. So I still think – while we're excited about it because it's incrementally larger for us, it's still a small piece of the market. And I think if we don't add more products to our portfolio, that's kind of where we'll play sort of on the edge of the market, trying to grow our position with the business we have, but not a big player in the overall scheme of things globally.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: I think, Andy, just from my point of view too – this is Tom talking by the way – we wanted to make sure that the investors could at least put a box around what we think the total size could be. We have taken – as we have to, we had taken the accrual for what we think is the best estimate for what it will cost us across all this work. But because the agencies have the right to ask us to do other things, we have to be and we will have to respond to that. We want to make sure that investors could – after some quarters of uncertainty which is not terrific, we want to make sure these people could put a box around it. Again, we are very – we think our plan is a good one. That's why we're proposing it and we intend to take care of customers as well as take care of the environment. That's kind of our commitment to both. So, we're acting proactively on that both. Again, just to try to make sure everyone had a box to put it in, and again we are working really aggressively and we expect to be through these discussions relatively quickly in the six months or less. So hopefully, we'll have it – we'll have all of it behind us. But again, it's not – we are now at a spot where we are confident we can address this problem proactively, it will have minimal impact on customers and our products are performing well in the field. It's not going to impact the company's future or our ability to carry out our strategy plans, so, that's – we're feeling good about that.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: No, the $400 million is not trying to sum up everything in the past, it's trying to say here is the maximum exposure that we could see in a worst case for what our actions going forward.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: So the $187 million is what we've already booked and the old ones we've already booked. And we're saying this is the maximum future exposure in addition to what we booked in this quarter and previous quarters.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Thanks, Jamie. I'll let Rich take the second one. I'll take the first one. So this charge along with all similar charges related to quality of our products, we take directly against our variable comp. So our view is our management and our people are responsible for producing quality products. When we have to take a charge against our quality, we take the hit in our bonus and other plans. So we will take this – this accrual we took this quarter and previous ones all account against us in both our one-year compensation plans as well as our three-year compensation plans.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Noah, this is Tom. It's a great question. As you said, price cost is really the struggle for industrial companies, but I think we're in really good position on that. We are now as we showed in this forecast, we're expecting quite significant improvement in incremental margins. So, again, we think we're doing well there. We mentioned as we came into this year that we're going to have – we have benefits on warranty. The warranty rates this year relative to last year are improving. We've got strong incremental margins in our plants in both the Power Systems business and the Engine business. And you saw a very strong in the Components already. So we feel like we're not only doing well in incremental margins, but they're getting better as the year goes on both because we're able to get some pricing and we're moving costs down. So that – so we're feeling pretty good about that. Again, one way you might want to think about our incremental margins is to again even taking out the product campaign, if you also look at the costs associated with the Eaton Cummins joint venture and the new electrification view which are sort of long-term investments, if you take those out, you get a like-for-like comparison on an incremental margins across the years. And I think, again, you'll find not only was Q1 good, but the rest of the year looks very strong relative to Q1.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Sure. I'll comment a little bit on electrification and let maybe Rich talk about Eaton Cummins and AMT. So on electrification, as you said, we did touchdown revenue a little bit. That just reflects basically the rate of new product introduction acceptance as very low level. Our programs are still going well. We're just very early days. And really the big launch has come sort at the end of next year. We'll see some – that's where our new electrified powertrain gets launched in the buses. And so – but we're feeling really good about where we stand. We've got small products going into forklifts. We've got these bigger powertrains going into buses. We're clearly – we're talking to nearly every customer out there about Electrified Power in some way. So our position from a few years ago where we have a lot of work in the lab and a lot of really good ideas to where we've got a pretty significant position now on the market in terms of what we're planning to offer and we're working with I think has been a really good change and really good transition. Now, of course, we've got to launch the products and see success in them. So, that's our big focus over the next two years or 1 1/2 years. So Rich, let me – this is to you.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: I think primarily in the high end of the range, we bounced back pretty well. In fact, we've seen some share gains in surface mining whether it's only attributable to the ramp up. Again, we're keeping our lead times low in all of our high-horsepower markets. We're down in the eight-week range, which is good, which is better than the competition at this time.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Yeah, thanks, Steve. Yeah, it hasn't really changed our strategic thinking. As you say, the cash flow and balance sheet is manageable. That's a little bit why we wanted to make sure we put a box around even the worst case. And again, we have a clear view about what we want to do, but we want to make sure everyone saw the worst case, it goes out over two or three years. We feel very, very good about where our strategic position is. But again, the way that we've been thinking about this, we talked about in previous quarters that the complexity of the systems that we're offering is pretty high and the quality tools that we're using have – needed to get more sophisticated as a result. So we've been making significant investments using analytics and other things to get a better system view of the quality of our products which we think is reflected in the products we're launching today and we'll continue to enhance those quality tools as we go forward. And again from the strategy point of view, it's difficult. We feel frustrated and disappointed, obviously, with the cost of this quality campaign. But again, we are pushing on the cutting edge of offering systems that meet emissions – very, very stringent emissions targets, have very, very good – strong fuel economy and high levels of performance at the very edge of technology. And I think part of what we're trying to do is make sure that we stay at the edge there while improving our quality costs. And that's the tough deal, I mean, that's not going to be easy and that's why a lot of people aren't going to make the journey. And we think by getting better in those capabilities, we can stay in it and make good returns for our shareholders by getting better at the sort of executions, small details of being there at that edge of technology. So, that's the way we're thinking about it strategically. And the harder the challenge, the less people want to do it. And so from a strategy point of view, that's a good thing as long as we can make – continue to improve how our system quality goes out the door and how customers experience our products.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Yeah. As you guess, there is still competition for M&A today. There's some players in the market, valuations are still relatively high. Money, while getting a little bit more expensive, it's still pretty cheap. So there's no question that the cost of acquisitions still, especially if we were going to maintain the ROIC discipline that we intend to, that's going to play into it. We're going to have to be thoughtful about how that goes and that remains a challenge. But again, we continue to think about our strategy first. Where do we think Cummins can bring our capabilities into a new market and adjacent market and using capabilities we already have and leveraging them so that we can – whatever we acquire or joint venture with, we can add value to it, so that we can pay for the acquisition price as well as trying to get an attractive one. And that of course limits the field, right? That means there's only so many things that are going to work and we are making sure that we maintain patience with that. We are looking a lot of things, though. There are things to look at that are pretty interesting. And so, we're just trying to put those together. I feel better about it now than I have in the past. I mean, it was – the prices, while still high, are not nearly as bad as when we started looking at them. So I'm optimistic that they're beginning to come into the range where we think we could make it work.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Thanks for that question, Alex. So I would say that, we do believe that kind of to fall into Steve's question that indeed many of our customers are looking forward at the market and saying where do they want to place their investments strategically? Do they want – they've got a lot of challenges in front of them, autonomous vehicles, electrified vehicles, all of the investments they need to make for just the truck – making the truck work, telematics, you name it. And then, now with the challenges for diesels in some of the European cities, they are asking themselves how much investment do I want to make? In the light-duty side, it's the most challenged. It's one that have the most likely substitution from electrified powertrains. So again, each investment they make there, they're wondering how many more diesels they're going to sell. So if we have a product that's relevant to what they are trying to do, they're much more likely to buy from us than do it themselves these days than they were, say, 10 years ago. So we believe that this is a trend that will continue where OEMs will continue to wonder how many more investments, how many more platforms in the light-duty space and even in the medium-duty space, do I really want to make given I could buy this from Cummins, and I would, therefore, not have to make that investment and I can focus on my vehicle instead. So again, we'll see how it goes, but we are talking to a lot of people about that and more people than we are talking to for sure five or 10 years ago.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Yeah. Joel, I think, we would agree with that caution. I think, we just look at the truck equipment purchases versus what we perceive trucking to be – growth rates to be doing and freight rates and everything. It just doesn't seem like the same rate of growth from the previous year can hold. So, that's why we sort of forecasted it tipping over and heading down. A couple of things that have driven a little stronger truck performance in the first quarter was more construction, which, of course, we saw in the excavator numbers. So dumper sales increased a lot, which is again one of the reasons that our OEMs kind of under-produced relative to the market. That's not their big segment, the dumper market. Those tend to be bigger displacement engines and older technology. But nonetheless, those sales were really quite good in the first quarter, the dumper sales, so again, which is towards construction market. So I think what we're seeing in China is, yes, there is the equipment being purchased for just on-highway trucking is likely to level out or head down. At least that's our expectation, we'll see what happens, but that's our expectation, but this construction market is definitely buoying the market. It's better than we expected and it's great news. I mean, we're seeing much – a lot of good demand for construction engines as well and these off-highway kind of dumper sort of truck engines.
Norman Thomas Linebarger: Hi, this is Tom Linebarger. Thanks for that. I just want to make a couple concluding remarks, especially given the fact that we did finally be able to put a box around that product campaign. And obviously, we're really disappointed about the financial exposure and we know that it's not the first one we've done the last two years, it's been a series of them. And again, as you'd guessed that, we feel disappointed and personally accountable for that. And we are, as we talked about in the call, working really hard to make sure that we do not see a repeat of that, and, of course, that's what we think the core of our business is. The good news looking forward though is we do have a box around this. We do have a proposed plan. We will get the full plan resolved in the next six months or something like that. And it's not going to impact either the long-term performance of the company or our strategy so – and it's not impacting customers today. Customers today are experiencing great quality, good performing engines, and continue to see Cummins as the technology of choice. We've raised our outlook for this year. Again, it'll be a second terrific year for the company. Our sales growth forecast is now doubled. Our incremental margins are strong. Our businesses are performing well. We had -three of our four had terrific incremental margins in Q1. The DBU, while not as good, will see much improved margins in the next three quarters. So we feel like we are in a really good position to generate strong cash flows and strong earnings this year and our strategy's right on track. So I just want to make sure that everyone knew that about where we feel about where the company is as we feel like we're moving right towards strength here and we're very optimistic about this year. And we're going to get this emissions issue behind us and customers are still going to see Cummins as the technology of choice. Thanks very much.
