Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks, Kevin. Let's turn to slide 16. As Ike said in the beginning of the call, this is an exciting time for us. We are taking a disciplined approach to improving the performance of the company. M2016 is really about securing our base business by taking actions that drive excellence throughout our global operations, enhancing customer relationships and executing a robust product development cycle and improving material performance in a sustainable way. M2016, we sharpened our focus under the program and we defined the nine initiatives that we believed would create the transformation we needed at Meritor to improve our financial performance, and we made sure that every resource in the company was dedicated to it. It's now been approximately two years since we launched this program; our focus has not changed. With just over a year-and-a-half left, we are determined to deliver on our commitments. The actions we've taken since launching M2016 continue to drive solid bottom-line performance in spite of currency depreciation and volume declines. These are among the best EBITDA margin, net income and free cash flow results we have ever had. Ike and I, together with the entire management team, are fully committed to achieving the objectives of this plan. So, what does Meritor look like for shareholders in 2016 upon completion of the plan? We will have reduced the volatility associated with our industry through improved cash flow and lower debt levels. We will have a leaner fixed cost structure, improved operating footprint and a differentiated product base. We'll have built a culture of innovative thinking in all areas of the business and ultimately we will have provided a strong return on investment for our shareholders. With that, we'll take your questions.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks a lot for the question, Justin. The short answer is no. I mean, I think the execution and performance of the company has been nothing short of outstanding and we want to continue to execute the M2016 plan. As you can see from our revised guidance today that execution has been very strong, but we still have roughly 100 basis points of margin improvement that we expect to execute before the end of the plan. And it's certainly my job and with Ike's assistance to make sure that we just continue to stay focused on that.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, like I mentioned in my comments, the primary program we're focused on is JLTV. We expect that award towards the latter part of the summer, and so we are waiting for that award. But in the comments I mentioned in the Analyst Day, the one thing I'd like to make clear is our belief in hitting our objectives of M2016 is not dependent upon the award to us of that program or any other single program.
Jeffrey A. Craig: All right. I think the two are very interlinked. I mean, obviously, Brazil's economic reforms they're executing are pretty far-reaching. As I mentioned in my comments on the call, the impact to us directly through the commercial vehicle program is the FINAME program, but I think our revised outlook is really driven by just the overall macroeconomic conditions.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I appreciate your confidence in my memory skills, but obviously my CPA days are many years behind. But I think the company has done an excellent job of both hedging transaction risk, but on a limited basis, hedging some translation risk as well. But I'm going to turn your specific question over to Kevin.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, I think just to answer the question in sections, we feel very good about our capacity, I mean we've run quarters of production roughly at 80,000 units for a quarter. And if you look at our forecast, it's really stating that the production levels will remain roughly at where they are today. I mean this last quarter was close to 80,000 units and we're seeing that the – our forecast for the Q3 and Q4 is that they stay within 75,000 units to 80,000 units. So I think we're confident in where our forecast is. And so far we have not had any capacity issues in meeting our customers' demand, and in fact, have been able to fill some shortfalls elsewhere in the supply chain.
Jeffrey A. Craig: That's exactly it, Brian, is it's really, I think our outlook is very similar to what you've heard recently from some of the European OEs. There is really two impacts of fiscal year to calendar year comparison. We have obviously the negative impact of the pre-buy that occurred late in 2012 – 2013, and then missing the fourth quarter here of 2015. So if you neutralize for those two impacts, we have a very similar outlook to what you've heard from the European OEs recently.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, we are not really talking about any outlook yet for 2016, as you know, because of our – where our fiscal year falls, we end up being one of the first people to talk about that. But we're not ready yet at this point. In terms of our capacity, I think we feel very comfortable and very closely aligned with all our customers, including our growing relationship with PACCAR, that we can meet their needs based on what they're forecasting for production for the foreseeable future.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, I think the way we look at it is if the global mix remains roughly the same and if we include the wins that we have achieved and reported out previously, we believe we can hit the guidance. So, yes, it includes the PACCAR win. And so, that gives us the confidence that we can achieve that margin target.
Jeffrey A. Craig: We feel confident we can respond to a recovery. We're in constant communication with our customers in all markets and informing them of our restructuring actions and what our ability is to provide them axles and brakes as the markets recover.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Very limited other than through our primary customer, Volvo. They have some exposure in Eastern Europe.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. Well starting with PACCAR, we're very pleased, I would say overall we're seeing our penetrations increase at the pace that both us and PACCAR expected them to, and we see our relationship broadening every day, particularly with their operating units of Kenworth and Peterbilt. So. just on track, is what I would say. And I believe that's a view held by both sides, that we are very much on track. In terms of Northern Europe, certainly has been the story since the economic downturn, is that has tended to be stronger. But again, our primary customers are Volvo/Renault, and they've had a bit of a mixed market experience because of their Renault exposure, and Iveco, which tends to be more Southern Europe exposed. But, I would say overall on our European business, we are very pleased with its performance. And back to an earlier question, we have taken the restructuring actions that, where we're very pleased with the profitability of that business and are prepared to operate it at these volume levels if necessary for longer and be pleased with the performance.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. This is Kevin Nowlan. Thanks, Justin. Yeah, the steel tailwind in the quarter for us sequentially was about $2 million. So, when you look at that $5 million sequential improvement in material, labor and burden, $2 million of it came from steel. With where indices are in steel right now, we'd expect a little bit of additional tailwind into Q3, but then we would expect to start giving that back through our passthrough mechanisms to customers in Q4 and into the beginning of 2016. So, it becomes a headwind at the back half of the year and into 2016, but it's a little bit of a tailwind this quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I think it's right. I mean, I think if you cut through what our guidance is suggesting, you would expect that the back half of the year is going to be much closer to 9% and in part because generating 10.1% is based on a lot of proactive actions we took to hedge some of the exposures we have and to execute on our operating performance. But those hedges aren't going to repeat in the back half. So, when you eliminate those non-recurring items or those one-timers for the quarter, our run rate's probably right now closer to 9% than it is to 10%.
Kevin Nowlan: Hey, Brian, it's a fair question. I mean as you look at the $6 million of gains that we booked about $4 million of that $6 million relates to 2015 activity, the bulk of that being in the current quarter, and then some of that extending beyond the quarter, which means there is a couple million dollars of the hedge gains that we generated in the quarter that relate to future periods, which is really some of the rupee, euro purchasing activity that we've been hedging. So as we've been executing on our best-cost country sourcing initiative, we've been hedging out the curve two years and three years of purchasing activity to make sure that we can reap the benefits for the longer term on those programs. And so we continue to have hedges on the books to hedge against that activity going forward. So while we're not going to get that $2 million benefit anymore, we're going to continue to have a hedge position that protects against some of those currency moves.
Kevin Nowlan: Actually, we feel confident in the statement that we made at the Analyst Day back in February that this was temporary, it's been rectified, and we're comfortable that it's meeting both ours and Daimler's expectations of where our penetrations would be. And more importantly, Daimler has been extremely pleased with our deliveries and that we've been part of their, helping them drive their sales success.
Kevin Nowlan: The bulk of it is Commercial Truck & Industrial, but there is a little bit more than $1 million in the Aftermarket & Trailer segment as well.
Kevin Nowlan: We're certainly seeing growth in India as well. I think you're seeing people talk about a 10% market increase, and we're roughly seeing that as well, but the impact on our overall forecast is not significant. So, and a lot of that increase will start to come towards the end of the calendar year, given our fiscal year-end of September 30. But definitely the Indian market is strengthening. I think people can clearly say it's found bottom and it's recovering. And it's recovering well for our customer Ashok Leyland as well.
Kevin Nowlan: This is Kevin, I'll take that. I mean with Brazil, I think we got out ahead of it, to be honest. We took some restructuring actions, you'll recall, back in August 2014, so at the tail end of last fiscal year, when we saw this, the headwinds really starting to mount in Brazil. And you can imagine as we look forward, we'll continue to monitor that market and see if there are additional actions that we need to take in light of where the market currently is. So, we'll keep an eye on that and keep looking at that as we go forward. And then, as you can imagine, as we did in Europe, we look at other markets as well just to see if there are other areas where we should be focused to improve our cost structure. So, always something that we're looking at as we go through these difficult international markets.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, and on the Aftermarket side, I think we talked that in prior quarters. It's less than $20 million of revenue that goes into Russia, in the $10 million, $20 million range.
