Chris Clulow: Thank you Donna. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins’ results for the first quarter of 2023. Participating with me today are Jennifer Rumsey, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statement in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we will refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today’s webcast presentations are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com. With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our President and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey, to kick us off. Thank you.
Chris Clulow: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have any additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are ready for our first question.
Chris Clulow: Thanks very much, Donna. Before we conclude, I want to turn it back over to Jennifer for a few closing comments.
Chris Clulow: Thank you. That concludes our teleconference for today, and thank you all for participating and your continued interest. As always, the Investor Relations team will be available for questions after the call. Have a good day.
Mark Smith: Yes, we've definitely been asking those questions internally as well, Jerry. Really strong results from both. I think pricing, of course, has been positive. I think in both those businesses, we haven't yet seen some of the cost increases that we anticipated for the full year. We had some beneficial moves in commodities that help power systems. So we're not assuming that they continue. And then in distribution, of course, very strong parts margins, and some lag effect before some of the cost increases take place. So we're still expecting strong full year results. Of course, we'll continue to push for improvement everywhere we can. And again, there was modest benefits from one or two corporate items that improved all of the segments. But I think the main takeaway I want you to leave with, we're really pleased with the performance in particular of those businesses. The Distribution business now has established quite a track record of improving margins over time, and we're really encouraged over the last three or four quarters by the progress in the Power Systems business. So we'll keep pushing for more. But I think one or two factors that we're not certain can continue through the subsequent quarters. And we are trying to drive down inventory a little bit, which may have some absorption impact in the Power Systems business a little.
Mark Smith: Yes. In the near term, that's the one segment where we've actually faced more pressure on the cost front, on input cost inflation. We made quite a bit of progress in some of the other areas. So that's probably the biggest single factor in there. The JV income, we're not sure we've got -- found a footing in the market yet, Tim, it was better than we expected in Q1. It wasn't exceptional. It was just better than we expected. But we're just not -- we don't have a clear sight into the improving end user demand. I mean, eventually, that will pick up and that will be an upside. We just don't have visibility to it right now. But basically, that's the one business that's still wrestling with -- I wouldn't say the other businesses don't have challenges, but that's the one that continues to have some challenges on the supply side, and that's the biggest factor.
Mark Smith: Yes. I think, Jamie, I think components continues to do well. The main factor is just really the mix in the business. The underlying businesses are performing well. Again, not such a big help from price/cost in this segment relative to power systems and components. But I think really it's really some minor changes in the mix going forward. We've obviously got strong North America. Meritor continues to improve, but it's still dilutive to that overall segment, but no fundamental .
Mark Smith: Yes. So I would say on the -- we don't really have -- we haven't given guidance, of course, for 2024. We haven't seen any weakening in the construction markets in North America similar to what we're seeing in on-highway, though we're watching this one closely. I think it's probably a very similar state as we look at construction versus on-highway, cautious probably as we move into the fourth quarter, but good visibility now that that's probably going into the -- well into the third quarter now.
Mark Smith: I think there a lot of factors go into pricing, David, included in input costs, agreements with customers, supplier available. A lot of those things, but that's not a main topic conversation right now at all. I think the thing we're most thinking about is the -- how long does this cycle run on and off-highway and right now, customers are telling us their confidence for the rest of the year is, on average, has gone up, not stayed the same. We recognize and appreciate the same questions really about demand levels for 2024. That's our radar is mostly upon any signals around demand. That's going to be the biggest driving factor of our performance.
Mark Smith: Well, first of all, we can't really -- we can't -- we're not aware of all the dynamics of the OEM pricing. That's really their business. We really have to look at the costs and the performance of our business. The other thing that's going on within our margins, of course, quite significant investment, we've got a lot of new products that we're excited about, and some of our customers are excited about. So the engineering cost of elevated. So that is the other factor that's really particularly in the engine components. I'm going to accelerate everything new and doesn't come with an enormous amount of revenue today. But in the engines and components, we have secured more business for the future, right? And we're planning to secure even more with the new technologies that we're bringing forward. We're price cost positive for this year. That's clearly a factor in our results, so where we can get pricing, we will do that. Aftermarket, there's obviously a stronger source of pricing for us generally, Rob. But I think looking at the margins, you've got to take into effect, how much are we investing? Because I think how much others are investing is also a signal about who's investing for more growth. And right now, we are putting more into the engineering across the business because we're excited about the future.
Mark Smith: I think there have been some higher fixed costs on the battery electric side. And then on electrolyzers, we are going to expect to have positive gross margins as we ramp up. And then we've stated previously that based on our current strategy, we're aiming to get at or around EBITDA neutral by 2027. So yes, as revenues go up, we're going to expect to see those losses clearly come down over time. And we've got -- we're building momentum on the sales, particularly yesterday, the Q1, most of the sales growth was on battery electric, excuse me. But as we've talked about recently, the electrolyzer backlog is really -- I won't use the word accelerate, has picked up quite a lot. And so we're bullish about that. But yes, very focused on the margins as the volumes come up. Battery is a little bit higher fixed cost rate.
Mark Smith: Yes. So what I'd say is we are making planned investments because we're -- irrespective of the economic cycle, we're expecting to pick up more business. So we're increasing capacity in parts of our business and launching new products. The nature of our business is such that we have to be prepared to ramp up and ramp down based on the economic cycle. So it's hard to predict with great certainty two or three years out. But as a general statement, yes, our CapEx is up this year because we're kind of bullish on our longer-term prospects. And then on pricing cost, of course, it's always competitive and challenging. But I think we're all aware that there's been significant inflation across the industrial space over time, and that's what's really necessitated the price increases and quite frankly, earlier on in the cycle late in 2021. It took us a while before we were able to increase prices. So to an extent, we've been kind of catching up with the trends there. Yes, so that's an ongoing…
Mark Smith: Well, in first quarter, we were about 2% net positive between price and cost. And as we said on the -- in the earlier remarks, it very much varied by business. And in fact, you can see it, since you're asking a lot of questions about the different margins in the business, you can see that. I mean, the pricing is pretty much set. Aftermarket is one area where we have the potential that were just prices more frequently. That's the nature of the aftermarket business. I don't think that's unique to Cummins. But pretty much, I think, the course is largely set for this year and then, it's really looking for efficiencies in every part of operations, working with customers, working with suppliers. We all enjoy it when the costs are lower. That's just not where we'd be. It's been an unprecedented period of supply constrains, some of which, frankly, we're not out of yet and it's been a period of unprecedented complexity and very, very robust demand. And we've continued to grow our business faster than some of the underlying markets. So that's been a positive, but that’s been a lot of work for our supply chain teams. But I think, largely, it's going to be a net positive for this year, Steve. I don't imagine dramatic changes quarter-to-quarter. The commodities can ebb and flow a little bit, and we saw some benefit copper prices in the Power Systems business. And again, we're using hedging and other techniques to try and smooth out those costs. But I don't expect fundamental changes to the reason for variation in earnings. We're really focused on this demand side. And right now, our confidence has gone up based on the confidence of our customers through the rest of this year.
Mark Smith: We do -- just like you as an observer of other parts of the economy and sometimes wonder at the rate of hiring and resources being added into new areas, and then you get retrenchment. And sometimes, that's very different from the business model that we operate in. We work with very efficient customers. A lot of efficiency is the focus, right, even when some growing are going through strong cycles in other sectors of the economy, you see some very different dynamics that just don't translate well to what we have experienced.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes. Great. Thanks for the question, Jerry. So as I commented and you saw start to come through in Q1, our pattern of leveraging emissions regulation change to drive outgrowth in market position as well as added content is playing out in China now following the launch of the NSVI. We've seen that playing out in India with BSVI regulation previously. And we do believe that there's continued opportunity both in the Engine space with future EPA regulations of the ultra-low NOx build rule to -- to some degree, increase our position in the market, although, of course, we have a strong position today in the US market. So content expansion. So that continues to be a tailwind and outgrowth opportunity slowing to some degree in North America on-highway, but there continues to be upside there. And then we are working clearly in our Accelera business to establish position in the electrified powertrain and in particular, our position in key components and as well as integrated powertrain. So batteries, power electronics and motor generators, eAxles, fuel cells. We feel like we've got the right portfolio of technologies and are forming partnerships and getting experience in the market to position ourselves over time as that market starts to electrify.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yes, I'll start and then Mark can add additional points that he'd like to. But as you -- as Mark alluded to, in the on-highway business, we're forecasting and believe we're seeing a slow recovery in the market and that there was some inventory buildup in the quarter, not significant increase in end user demand to slow recovery and opportunity outgrowth as we've already talked about. In off-highway, in construction, we have the emissions changeover that is negatively impacting the China market, less so than our previous guide, because we've seen again, some stocking up in the channel as well as higher export demand. We continue to see markets holding up in mining and oil and gas. And so, overall, a little bit of upside in on-highway kind of a mixed story and off-highway construction and power gen.
Jennifer Rumsey: And I'll just add, I mean, from a margin performance perspective, we're really focused on improving the Meritor business performance consistent with what we said when we did the acquisition, driving the incremental margin improvement across our other core businesses and then scaling up investing in a sustainable way and moving towards breakeven and Accelera business. And so we're paying attention to those -- each of those items to track that we're driving towards our targets. In terms of the broader picture, Jamie, to your question, the end market demand, order boards, our customers have, the comments that we continue to get from end customers remains fairly strong. Our confidence, as we said, is growing into the second half of the year, and we continue to watch these broader macroeconomic indicators and understand that we're in a cyclical business. And while this hasn't been a typical cycle because of the supply constraints, we are preparing and we'll take action to deliver decremental margins and outperform through the down cycle as we have in the past. So, already this year, we are making investments in key areas for our future, but also limiting investment in headcount growth in other areas and continue to monitor plant operations and operate at the level appropriate for the demand that we're seeing, and we'll continue to watch that closely and adjust as we need to.
Jennifer Rumsey: And I'll just add, of course, in China, you talked about the emissions changeover. So, there's a dynamic in that market and a question on does China do any action in the economy there that we'll pay attention to. And in Power Systems, same in terms of broader macroeconomic indicators I'm watching that, but we do have places where we're starting to take orders into 2024. And so it's a space that we're just watching closely at this point.
Jennifer Rumsey: Well, we have emissions change overcoming in some of our markets in 2024. So, of course, that's a factor. But what I would say is we have long-term agreements with some of our customers. We price more regularly with some other customers in the market. We're continuing to pay attention to what's going on with price costs. As Mark said, it's still a mixed picture. And so we're committed to continuing to deliver strong returns and stay on top of price cost as that moves. But right now, this year, we're seeing improvements in some areas, and we're still seeing inflationary pressure and other areas. So it's a little bit difficult in -- 2024, yeah.
Jennifer Rumsey: So, first, thanks for the question. I do want to start by saying that Cummins is fully committed to emissions compliance. We have been and we'll continue to cooperate with agencies all along and work through this matter to the best of our abilities. And our updated disclosure today is consistent with what we've done since we first announced our voluntary internal review in 2019 of disclosing transparently throughout this process. So, as Mark said, we think that we are nearing the end. It's premature to speculate though exact timing or exact amount at this point. We feel like the business is well positioned in a strong financial position and continuing to generate strong returns.
Jennifer Rumsey: And just to keep in mind as context here. Over the last couple of years, as we saw that rapid increase in demand, there's really been two factors at play with the inflationary pressure and supply challenges. So one is cost versus our ability to pass that on a price, and we made a lot of progress through 2022, and you see that continue in 2023 to offset the inflationary pressure and then it's operating leverage. And because of all the supply disruptions we didn't see in those early quarters, the normal operating leverage that we would, and that has also improved and is reflected in some of the numbers that you see in Q1. So just to give you a sense of what that's like for us now in our Rocky Mount Engine Plant, which produces midrange engines. Last year, our on-time delivery from our suppliers was at 60%. In Q1, it was at 70%. And historically, we would expect something closer to 80%. And so that plays out in operating efficiency for us in our plant. So, it's improved. There's still a little bit of opportunity. But running at the rate that we are, we are continuing to be constrained by a couple of our supplier components. I'm shocked we've made it this far into the call without asking -- anybody asking me about supply chain. Yes, chips and electronics have improved, but they're still operating at capacity, which means small disruption hasn't impacted. But overall, underlying operating leverage has improved.
Jennifer Rumsey: It's still early for me to add a lot of response here. We, of course, now are in the passenger rail business with our 95-liter engine. We have a Tier 4 compliant product, and then we've also entered the rail market with certain customers with fuel cells. And so we'll continue to explore opportunities with the product offerings that we have in that market.
Jennifer Rumsey: Well, there is -- I mean, definitely, what you said is a factor, limitations in supply and high use, right, at high use and then new products are more fuel efficient. So, there's still a lot of factors that are causing customers to -- in commercial trucking to continue to want to buy. There's investments in infrastructure that's driving demand and construction and there's growing investments in the cloud, it's driving data center demand. And so there are some specific indicators for our business that maybe are decoupled from the broader economy. That said, the broader economy does have some influence, which is why we continue to be cautious about where we're making investments and increasing headcount.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Just to wrap up today, I want to again recognize the strong performance of the company in the first quarter, delivering record revenue, EBITDA, net income and earnings per share. We're in a strong financial position and are confident in our strategy and our leaders in the future of the company and look forward to continuing to update you on our progress in future calls.
