Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks, Kevin. We're very pleased with our performance this quarter and in the first half of the year. We're particularly happy to be in a position to raise our guidance for fiscal 2017. On slide 14, we wanted to highlight for you a couple of important events coming up later this year. The new NACV Truck Show in Atlanta will be a great venue for us to showcase our products currently in production and those we will offer our customers in the future including electrified drivetrains. We hope to see you there. Then in December, we'll host our Analyst Day event in New York. We look forward to giving you a detailed M2019 update at that time. Now, we'll take your questions.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. Yeah, I still have a high degree of confidence of achieving targets we set out for M2019. I think there are some areas where we seem to be overperforming to-date, and that's on the cost improvement side. I think we're seeing a little higher cost reductions than we anticipated and our planning cycles on material and labor and burden. I think we're very pleased particularly this quarter with the new business wins of $70 million. So, we're starting to see our initiatives take hold in almost all markets around the world, as I mentioned significant new business wins not only here in North America but in Japan and in India and in Europe. So, I think we're starting to see the fruits from the investments we're making in new products that are targeted at specific markets. And also, the global market recoveries are falling right in line I think with what our market expectations are for the end of that planning cycle. So, overall, I think we still remain very confident of achieving the targets, and everything so far has fallen within what we expected when we set the plan up.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, I think it's probably premature, Colin, for us to speculate what the benefits could be until we get a final mandate from the courts that allows us to start to consider what the adjustments to the benefits could be. Just for your recollection, at the end of the year, we sat with a total liability of $447 million, and the annual cash and expense charge for that is about $30 million a year. Now, how much of potential benefit we could achieve from the ruling, again, it's too premature for us to speculate on that until we get the final ruling. As far as timing, the current appeal process could be resolved in any wide range of timeframes, anywhere from a couple of weeks to many months, upwards of six to seven months, depending on how the appeals court wants to proceed with an appeal from the UAW. And we'll obviously keep people updated as the issues transpire out of the courts.
Jeffrey A. Craig: We should (31:05) to UAW's intention here most likely before the end of the week. But they're asking for an en banc appeal, but that's the first step in the process.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, great question, Brian. This area I'm spending quite a bit of time on having our electrification team, in fact, is reported directly to me. And so, I think on the Class 8 linehaul, what we're seeing is much of the industry is looking at solutions that are prior to the drive axle, probably with the exception of Nikola and Tesla, which are looking at wheel-end applications. Where there is wheel-end applications, we've been deeply involved in many of those, as you know, with Nikola in developing independent suspension solutions really out of our military applications derived from those applications to help them with those designs. Where it is prior to the drive axle, so many of them are a series or parallel hybrid applications coming through the transmission and replacing that transmission. It still uses a traditional drive axle, but in fact, as you may recall a number of years ago, we've been updating this product ever since. We had a series in parallel hybrid solution that Walmart was running on a Navistar vehicle. So, a lot of the OEs are looking to us for some design expertise there as well.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think the timing is still unclear. But obviously, the next one appears to be on the road map is the recapitalization of the FMTV fleet, which we are involved with some customers on and looking at providing certain products and either varying levels of content. And then we expect shortly after that the HMMWV recap will be revisited, which we, again, have potential for significant content.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Very difficult for us to speculate on that. I think we obviously asked that question, and as a client of our firm, we've remained – for our legal firm we've remained bullish on that but very difficult for us to speculate. As you know, this is a highly politicized issue. So, I think there are a lot of puts and takes in the courts that we can't always control. So, we'll just have to wait and see and continue to perform on our current plan and just hope that the ruling is upheld.
Jeffrey A. Craig: I think the primary issue is like how we dealt with the last upturn in North America that we experienced, we preemptively built inventory banks (35:42) to make certain that we responded to (35:46) uptakes and order demand. And so, we've taken that same strategic approach this time because we think it builds enormous long-term franchise value for Meritor in the last upturn. And so, we are beginning to build some targeted strategic inventory bank (36:07) so that's why we're not expecting the cash flow performance to near term mirror the uptick in earnings and revenue.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, we're having many meetings with potential customers and integrators. In fact, earlier this week, I was out in Silicon Valley meeting with a few electrification integrators who were very interested in the product because of the packaging it allows the vehicle manufacturers to put more battery capacity compared to some of the current designs that they're looking at deploying. We will have a prototype at the NACV Show here in September, and we are in preliminary discussions, I would say, with most of our OE customers and some new partners about potentially launching that axle.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure. What we've done is we've looked for categories where we believe we have a stronger right to play, for example, some gearing and drivetrain categories, for example, and looked at filling out our portfolio in those areas and launching new products and also looking at improving our delivery and distribution network. So, we're evaluating whether we – and are beginning to launch the execution of some new warehouse and delivery sites so we can shorten the speed to market in terms of delivery of product. We also, as I mentioned on the call, updated our website and our online capabilities to be much more user friendly. And as I mentioned on the call, we're starting to see these very focused efforts begin to generate revenue in line with our M2019 objectives.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, frankly, I think it's been sustained longer than our initial expectation, so we're seeing the housing construction market remain strong, for example, which is driving XCMG's revenues and also pulling demand on our axle products. What we're also very encouraged long term is that the market seems to be moving up to that mid-tier more rapidly than we may have expected on the on-highway products, which is, if you recall, in our M2019 strategy, is a significant component bringing our on-highway drive axles to that market. So, we're also very encouraged with the long-term prospects in that market for us.
Kevin Nowlan - Meritor, Inc.: Okay. Starting with your first point about the legal contingency, I mean, you're right, our results would have been considerably stronger if we didn't have the $10 million item in the quarter, and that would have impacted the truck segment. Now, keep in mind, if we didn't have that $10 million item, we probably would have been trending quite a bit higher relative to our internal target. So, we probably would have had some sort of an offset in our incentive compensation accruals that would have mitigated that a little bit. But directionally, you're right. We would have had a considerably stronger quarter both on an overall basis as well as in the Commercial Truck & Industrial segment. As it relates to looking forward, steel prices have escalated even in the quarter. If you look at scrap, for instance, it's up almost 50% sequentially from last quarter to this quarter. And if you look at a lot of the other indices around the globe, they're up anywhere from 10% to 30%. So, we have seen sequential step-ups in the indices, which is higher than what we were anticipating a quarter ago. So, we are looking now at the back half having a bigger headwind from steel in the range of $10 million to $15 million incremental to what we are previously expecting. But we are expecting to overcome that with a stronger revenue and a stronger performance. And so, if you cut through the math of what we're saying from a guidance perspective, through six months, we're at 9.7%. In the back half of the year, we're effectively guiding to something in that 10.2%, 10.3% range even with that steel headwind coming into the P&L.
Kevin Nowlan - Meritor, Inc.: Of the $447 million, about 95% or maybe about $430 million is U.S.-related. And I'd say the bulk of that, almost the entirety of that is really related to UAW. Now, the portion of that that's subject to the actual litigation itself is less than half of that number at the moment. We're hopeful that once the court resolves the issues and hopefully rules in our favor that it will give us the opportunity to reassess all of those retiree healthcare benefits in the U.S.
Kevin Nowlan - Meritor, Inc.: We do. It's on a lag in terms of our recovery from customers. So, as we're seeing an increase right now in steel prices, that increase is starting to come through from the supply base to us. And then we have pass-through mechanisms with our OE customers around the globe that allow us to pass those back to them, generally on about a six month or so lag. So, some of the potential offset to that, we won't see in the current fiscal year. It will slide into next year.
Kevin Nowlan - Meritor, Inc.: I mean, the overwhelming bulk of our OE contracts and relationships are governed in practice by contract with these recovery mechanisms, so yes.
Kevin Nowlan - Meritor, Inc.: Well, consistent with some of our recent practice, we've been absorbing the positives and minuses in our P&L. So, even last year, just two quarters ago, we had a $10 million favorable legal litigation settlement related to asbestos, for instance, and we didn't adjust that out. And so, as we look at it, in terms of maintaining consistency with recent practice, what we saw even in the last year, we thought it appropriate to just keep that in the baseline results and just absorb it and outperform and hit our results even with that headwind.
Kevin Nowlan - Meritor, Inc.: I think we're expecting – I mean, what we're seeing right now is production levels in the current quarter are ramping up, and we're expecting to see that through at least the balance of our fiscal year. So, we're seeing a strong uptick here in the third quarter that we're now sitting in.
