Jay Craig: As I mentioned in my comments, the production of the Paccar work begins next year. So we're wrapping up our capabilities on the manufacturing side particularly at TransPower to deliver those vehicles beginning in 2021 and then we see them reach what we would call full production rate during 2022.
Jay Craig: We're not disclosing specifics on that right now but the way you could think about it is this is somewhere between prototype and low-volume production. So the prices are quite a bit higher than we would expect when it reaches full production. So even though the range we gave at our last Analyst Day of 5 to 10 times the content when we got to full production mode these particular content levels are quite a bit higher than that because we're still somewhat at the prototype stage of these volumes.
Jay Craig: Absolutely. As I mentioned in the comments, really twofold, we're thrilled with our purchase of the remaining equity at TransPower. We think that integration capabilities have significant growth opportunities for us in all different types of applications, be them medium duty refuse, school buses, heavy-duty, so a lot of white space growth. But just as importantly, I discussed our intent to launch our 17Xe and 17Xe electric exile. Right now we're running with just the 14Xe and those other two actual offerings will bring us into different market segments.
Jay Craig: You would expect James company operating in deeply cyclical environments that we do. We're constantly looking at our cost structure really with the target to try and convert if we can at the lower end of that conversion guidance that we provide of 15% to 20%. Obviously we're successful in doing that this first quarter in spite of this being a quarter of our resolve rapid ramp downs in production. While we're continuously looking at actions that we could potentially take to manage that very volatile volume environment.
Jay Craig: Again we are still -- there are of the previous restructuring plan we announced that is virtually complete, but again we continue to monitor our cost structure and if we see further declines in our market expectations, we will have to take additional cost actions but I believe we've established a track record over the last half dozen years of being very good at reacting to that very, very quickly.
Jay Craig: What I'm going to do is, is like Chris, I wanted him to speak about this breaking opportunities, because we take they are significant, but obviously the biggest opportunity we have during this planning period through 2022 is the successful integration of AxleTech and making sure we garner all of those costs and revenue synergies, particularly as we focus on the off-highway military opportunities there. But I would Chris to also speak about the disc braking side.
Jay Craig: Well, I think it's just overall the statement to the employee base there of how importantly are to Meritor. I think we're the perfect home for them. And what we've found in the period that we've had an investment in TransPower is those benefits are even greater than we originally estimated. And we each bring different skill sets. Obviously Meritor has over 100 year history of production for the commercial vehicle industry. And we can assist TransPower as they're moving from this low volume prototype stage to production stage. And we actually have a Head of Production that resides in San Diego and has for many months now. That's an executive of Meritor that is running the production floor. And TransPower brings to us the development expertise in this particular area and jump starts us as a full vehicle integrator. So I think overall, it's been a perfect marriage, the employees at TransPower that I meet are just thrilled to be part of Meritor. So I think it's just a natural progression.
Jay Craig: Well, to be honest, there's always elements of succession planning whenever anybody gets promoted. But I'm not saying that in any time in the foreseeable future, I see stepping away from the company. It's really twofold. Chris has really been my partner in time on the operating side. I was reading through my prepared remarks, almost everything related to the operating side of the product side. I would say Chris has either led or we've jointly led. So I think a lot of it is recognition of Chris’s importance to the business. But secondarily also, as I've mentioned, the rate of the ramp-up of the electrification business has been much happened much more quickly than any of us anticipated. And those capital allocation decisions and other critical decisions around that business have really ended up flowing to my desk as you would expect, and I think it's the right time just for me to get more directly involved with that and make sure we're all aligned on those different decision points we have we encountered.
Carl Anderson: James, it's Carl. I think that's right. I think if you look at the guidance, the markets we did take down are what your referenced. We're still seeing North America come in relatively consistent with what we thought previously and it's really just the capabilities and ability for us to manage the cost structure to be at that lower end of our downside conversion levels of that -- around that 15% and that's what we're really managing the company to.
Carl Anderson: Yes, James, it’s Carl. If you look at the AxleTech revenue, we had about $43 million of revenue from AxleTech. I think what we're seeing, as it relates to the synergies expectations we’re actually kind of above our internal planning from an expectation what we -- that we're delivering on. I think the business itself, we're seeing some general softness just like you're seeing whether it's in the Highway, defense and aftermarket kind of areas of the business which is similar to what we're seeing with the rest of Meritor’s business. But I would say overall, we continue to be very pleased with the strategy and with the acquisition of the company. I think revenue is a little bit softer than what we’re originally planning, if we had the discussion six months ago, but overall, what we're very pleased with is really just the team's ability to execute on the synergy plan and where we stand at this point.
Carl Anderson: Okay, good question, Alex. The short answer is both. So, that's the beauty of the investment in TransPower is we truly felt that two plus two equals three or four in the Meritor products and the customer relationships we brought could be added with TransPower’s capabilities on in that they're able to provide them the full integration for an electric vehicle. So we will be working now with our wholly owned subsidiary of TransPower on providing fully integrated electric vehicles for PACCAR. And they will be composed also where we can have have Meritor components including eAxles on some of the vehicles.
Carl Anderson: No, I think as we've spoken before we couldn't agree with you more, that's fine. We've taken what we've labeled an open architecture model towards our work primarily out of TransPower, where we work very closely with our OE’s development teams and work with them on what capabilities they will eventually want to in-source. And as we've mentioned specifically, as an example, we're looking forward to them in sourcing the battery sourcing and battery management systems. We're doing that right now. But we expect that they will integrate that over time because they have actually greater scale for purchasing of those. But offsetting that decline in revenue on that end will be two different items on the other side, coming up which is one are eAxles which were developing and getting to full run rate production will begin to be placed on more vehicles with significantly more content than a traditional axle. And then secondarily, there will be a segment of the market that won't have the scale that will be able to execute all the integration services. So we will be providing those as our technology is proven.
Carl Anderson: Yes, Brian it’s Carl, I think you're right on the gross margin, what we did see is we did see some benefit from steel in the quarter, kind of similar in line what we talked about back in November as far as outlook for the full-year. So I would say steel was probably a mid single digit million tailwind for us in the quarter. We also had a pretty significant improvement in cost as it relates to labor and burden in the quarter as well as really managing kind of our freight expenses well. So it's really, it was a combination of all of those items which were all around kind of the same type of magnitude for the quarter in which we saw which helped really drive the improvement in gross margin for us.
Carl Anderson: Well, right now in terms of the market, I think we're in line with where we see, let's call it the external rating agencies coming in ACT and FTR between 240 to 250. And then on top of that, as I look at the line rates that we're seeing from our customers, I believe all those three are actually boxing in very closely. So we're quite comfortable with what we see going forward. Maybe your question on with respect to new trucks and where we see that going in the future, I think trucks are becoming far more efficient as we see. And obviously, we've seen over the last two years and with the path of electrification diesels got to get even more efficient. So I think that's one place where we've really play strongly. And so I think it's equally important because if you think about our high efficiency axles that we've launched recently as well as you know, the axles that we have coming, Jay talked about the new vocational axle, we really believe that the efficiency gain will drive it and I just want to clarify one point also on the forecast, it's 245,000 to 255,000.
Carl Anderson: Very good question, Brian. I mean, that's why the TransPower investment and now the acquisition of the remaining equity was so critical, TransPower provides supervisory controls to the software in that area, that makes the whole system run including instrumentation on the vehicle, breaking all the other supervisory controls. They also provide the battery management controls that determine the energy rate of energy flow and the utilization of energy. So we do have software and software engineers at TransPower. In addition, we've ramped up within Meritor, our software engineering capability just to manage the features in the eAxle because that eAxle obviously containing motor components, cooling components requires a lot of software system intellectual properties. So we have an entire software team here in our Troy research center that's focused on the software on the eAxle as well.
Carl Anderson: Yes, we welcome any of our investors or analysts to come visit TransPower in San Diego and you can ride on the test vehicles with me and see how they operate. We have thousands and thousands of test miles on these vehicles right now.
Carl Anderson: Correct, although I think as we heard in a previous question, it is our expectation with the large OEs that they will start to take control of management of some of that data as well. And we're very open and working with them to enable them to do that.
Carl Anderson: Good morning, Ryan. It's Carl, I think you're absolutely right, we have $100 million left to go which the board has authorized us. And we've been in the first four months pretty aggressive in the share repurchases. We did signal last quarter that we have an opportunity in front of us over the next couple of years is related to what we're generating in free cash flow to repurchase up to potentially another 400 million of shares. And so I think our approach will be we'd like to fully execute and complete the existing program. But I would believe that once we do that, we'll be in a position to seek further authorization, especially where the stock is currently trading.
Carl Anderson: Yes, I think Ryan as we look at the quarter specifically, electrification really was roughly flat on a year-over-year basis at least in the first quarter, we do expect that to continue to ramp-up for the rest of this fiscal year. And I think what we were talking about, probably up about $10 million or so from a year-ago. So overall as it relates about that line item itself, when you kind of do the math is about 13% downside conversion with all the components but as we go forward, we do see this pickup and ramp up in electrification spend especially with the success we've had with the new PACCAR win as well as with the TransPower acquisition.
Carl Anderson: Yes, I think, Joe what we are seeing, we definitely see a margin increase in kind of from the current run rate that we finished the first quarter in. The one thing to take into account is just the overall just general softness we're seeing across the segment, obviously, we talked trailers, but also with the industrial and off-highway parts of the business and aftermarket itself that we're seeing here in North America. We're just seeing some general softness, but our expectations, as you know, we don't give a number specifically for the year by this segment, but we definitely see that margin increasing progressing throughout the year.
