Chris Clulow: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our teleconference today to discuss Cummins’ results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023. Participating with me today are Jennifer Rumsey, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Smith, our Chief Financial Officer. We will all be available to answer questions at the end of the teleconference. Before we start, please note that some of the information that you will hear or be given today will consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements express our forecasts, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties. More information regarding such risks and uncertainties is available in the forward-looking disclosure statements in the slide deck and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Risk Factors section of our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. During the course of this call, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures, and we will refer you to our website for the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP financial measures. Our press release, with a copy of the financial statements and a copy of today’s webcast presentation, are available on our website within the Investor Relations section at cummins.com. With that out of the way, I will turn you over to our Chair and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey, to kick us off.
Chris Clulow: Thank you, Mark. Out of consideration to others on the call, I would ask that you limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have an additional question, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Chris Clulow: Yeah, Jerry, I think that has been, as we've progressed through 2023, continue to drive more and more efficiency. Some of the supply chain hiccups that we have experienced are beginning to iron out, we're getting better on time to delivery, and that does allow us to drive more efficiency in our plants. So I think we are continuing to see that as we progress through the latter half of the year. As we expect, as both Jen and Mark mentioned, volumes to particularly in the North America heavy duty truck space come down a bit and moderate a bit, we can continue to drive those efficiencies. So I think the cost per labor hour will continue to get better and I would say the overall costs on labor have somewhat levelled out. We went through, as you know, a long period of them rising and through the course of the last six months that has settled down and become much more of a flat.
Chris Clulow: Yeah. That really reflects low visibility, right? So we've come off a very weak base, but there just isn't clear signals yet from the market as to what's actually going to happen. So we can build a case. It's hard for me to think of a case that's a lot lower than where we are today, but just the overall pace of the economy continues to be sluggish and so that upside really leaves room for something unexpected on the stimulus side, which has happened from time to time in China, but we don't have brilliant insight at this point in time. The outlook is cloudy and the conviction from OEMs is not quite there yet. We're doing well with our customers, launching more products. We're bullish on continuing to outgrow in the market in China, both consolidated revenues and in the performance of the JVs. We're all set to outperform. We just need a little bit of help from the market overall, but it's not as tangible as we'd like at the start of the year. Of course, we'll look at the same data points and provide you with an update. Hopefully, by the end of Q1, we tend to have a stronger view of the. And my voice is done for the rest of the morning.
Chris Clulow: Thank you, everybody. That concludes our teleconference for the day. I appreciate all of you participating and your continued interest. As always, our Investor Relations team will be available for questions after the call. Take care.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, thanks for that question, Jerry. So as you've seen from us in the past, as we launch product with new emissions regulations, typically we see a content increase, of course, and then also look at creating value for our customers and have an opportunity to price accordingly with them. So we are looking to continue to do that as we launch new products, in particular, these fuel agnostic engine platforms. Of course, we also typically see a bump up in our warranty costs because we are beginning to accrue in at a high rate until we've demonstrated capability of that platform. So that's the other factor to watch as we launch those products, but what you see us doing right now is really focusing on improving operating performance of the business, as well as investing in the key platforms for the future that we believe will bring value to our customers and position the company for profitable growth.
Jennifer Rumsey: And I'll just give a little color. This has been an unusual cycle, I think, in the '21, '22 timeframe and supply constraints that prevented the industry from fully meeting customer demand and that has improved over the course of 2023. We saw the markets peak really in the second quarter and saw some slight drop off in the second half, but to the high end of our guide, it was not as much as we had forecast going into Q1. Backlogs look strong, in particular, feeling quite good about the medium duty market and continuing to watch what happens. We are still predicting a shallow cycle and further softening as we go into the second half of the year. So that, just some color behind those numbers is how I would describe that.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, David, thanks. Thanks for the question. And first, I'll say, I think you said decade long energy transition, I would just put an S on that decades long, right? It's going to take time. The reality is, if you look across our different markets and regions, it's going to take time for that transition to occur. We are in a period, though, of really peak investment in the engine business. As we invest in these fuel agnostic engine platforms, we've got a major investment in R&D and capital to do that. And we think that those engines are going to really position us well with high efficiency diesel products as customers have and continue to decide not to invest in their own platforms and to use Cummins and then also the fuel flexibility that will help customers as they begin to transition, whether its natural gas or hydrogen-based engine solutions. And so the next few years until we launch those platforms in the '26, '27 timeframe, we're seeing higher levels of R&D in those products and then, of course, we're also in a period where we've got somewhat lower revenue and higher investments in the accelerator business and we are pacing that investment based on how we see the market moving. We're looking at opportunities to share investments while having a leading solution, like you saw us do with the battery cell joint venture. As revenues grow, we improve parts of those businesses and electrified components. We've now delivered 1500 buses with Bluebird and ramping up the electrolyzer that will help improve margin performance of the business there. And then the last thing I'd say is, as Cummins has done, and we will continue to do, we're looking at how do we improve different parts of our business and so following the acquisition of the North America distribution business, we had a focused investment on improving margin there and you see that playing out in the distribution business performance and I talked about the focus last year that started in our power systems business. You see that playing out there, the Meritor integration, and we're continuing to look at places that we can improve operating performance of our business and then watch market demands and cost and so the voluntary reduction actions that we took last year help us as we see some reduction in revenue this year. So all those things come together to allow us to continue to improve our returns to investors while making sure we're investing in key products and technologies for the future. 
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, great. So, obviously, there's some lead that we have in supplying engines into truck build. So our engine build rates will slightly lead truck build rates, but as I said earlier, from a guide perspective, we think where we were running as we ended the year is going to hold pretty steady through the first part of the year and then we're forecasting some softening toward the end of second quarter and into the second half of the year.
Jennifer Rumsey: And then the last dynamic is in pickup, we've got the product changeover that'll drive Q4 volumes lower and pickup.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, so we are in a period of still pretty heavy investment in Accelera businesses are really making both R&D and manufacturing investments to scale up the product and we're fortunate we have, existing plant and data that we can invest within to do that, to begin to produce electrolyzers and we continue to see growing demand and backlog is, as I noted, at a record level for electrolyzers. So that production rate is going to begin to grow and then you'll see margin performance in the electrolyzer portion of the business improving as the revenues grow and we deliver that backlog out into the market. Same thing in our electrified components business as we see revenue growth there. You'll see margin performance improving. One thing we have now included in our 2024 investment, of course, is beginning to invest in the battery cell joint venture and we believe that, that is a key investment that we're making together to ensure we have a leading cell for commercial vehicles here in the U.S. and domestic supply, which will both allow us and our customers to take advantage of incentives that are available and ensure security of supply over time into this market.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, the data center market is an exciting growth market, has been for several years a trend with increasing cloud, data storage in the cloud and now with artificial intelligence and other investments. We continue to see very strong demand. We guided up 10% to 15%. Backlog for that market is very, very strong. We're looking at our capacity to make sure that we can meet the market demand and feeling good about the product offering that we have and of course, that business and the focus on improving underlying performance of that business will help us as that market grows.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, I will just say we expect that that trend of data center market growth will continue and we are and we'll continue to look at our capacity and how we position to meet that demand.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah. There were certainly the OEMs experienced a number of supply chain constraints and continued in '23 and even into the early part of this year, frame rails in particular. So we are, as you as you saw, really expect the medium duty market to continue to hold pretty flat to where it is now. It's quite strong. We, of course, have a strong position in that market and we're seeing continued demand and pent-up demand from some of the customers in that market for our product. So less often in there than heavy duty.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, as you said, we did a kind of a low and a high scenario for adoption at our last Analyst Day and you can expect that we're going to refresh our view of that as we go into the Analyst Day in May. What I would say is that, there are regulations and incentives that are helping to start to drive that adoption, maybe more towards the lower end of those scenarios is what we would think and we are continuing to look at pacing of investment to make sure that we're managing that in line with how we see adoption actually occurring.
Jennifer Rumsey: Yeah, we're still within, it would still fall within the range that we gave in the Analyst Day, consistent with those range of scenarios that we suggested and recall that, a large portion of that revenue in 2030 for Accelera is in the growth of the electrolyzer business as well.
Mark Smith: Yeah, I would say in the near term, there's a little bit of increased anxiety about events in the Middle East and some shipping delays and some reversing of the trend we've seen in logistics costs, which have been actually going down for us, Jerry. I don't want to overstate that, it's obviously is a little bit of a concern in the near term.
Mark Smith: Yeah, on the medium duty, Tim, we had a down, down 5% to flat, and that's 140,000 to 150,000. The heavy duty market, we have it down at 10% to 15% and that's our guide for the year.
Mark Smith: Yeah, good, good question, Tim and the main thing that you didn't cover there was just our assumptions around product coverage. We're not expecting any significant change, but baked into our guidance is a little bit higher product coverage or warranty as a percent of sales in the engine business. We'll see how that plays out, but, that's the other factor that's in there that you didn't list.
Mark Smith: In a medium duty truck, there really isn't that much difference between the two, and market and hours and then heavy duty, that's where we see a little bit more vulnerability for the market and would largely expect us to move in line with the market.
Mark Smith: Yeah, I'll have a go -- first go at that question. First of all, I'll just say on aftermarket, we saw a very pronounced, I would say some element of de-stocking or lower production across our lower demand in parts in Q4, which we largely attribute to customer cash flow management. We don't expect that to be a continuing trend. We expect to recover from Q4 levels on parts and be pretty steady across the year. On the truck builds, well, of course, you've heard from most of our major customers. So we really don't have much more to say other than the backlog of trucks has been slowly edging down and then the thing that gives us the broader concern is the spot rates and the health of the truck fleet operators. That's our principal concern. It's not our OEM customers and right now that the backlog and the orders still continue at quite decent levels. It's what's happening to the underlying economics of freight activity. That's what's giving us the concern combined, which hasn't been moving in the right direction, combined with the slowly easing heavy duty backlog. So it isn't a kind of pronounced downturn we might have seen in prior cycles at this point, but those are the factors that are weighing into our consideration and I think our guidance isn't more conservative than anybody else's and we don't have any other observations beyond those really.
Mark Smith: Yeah, so morning, Noah. So we're going to start the year with the same stance as last year, invest in the business, dividend focus and some more de-levering. That's the way we start in the year. We'll continue to evaluate that with our board as we see how the cycle unfolds. At least that's our initial stance. Of course, part of our, in years where we've generated more cash than we've needed, then we've returned significantly more than the 50% in any given year, but anyway, we think this is the approach right now until we see a little bit more on the cycle.
Mark Smith: The main impacts of Atmus operation will be obviously, they'll set off on their own pursuing their growth strategy and as this final step, we will swap Cummins shares for -- investors will retire Cummins shares in exchange for Atmus shares. So our share count will go down if the exchange is successful. The reason our share count here in the past 18 months hasn't been changing or drifting up is because we stopped the share repurchase as well. We de-levered post the Meritor acquisition, which we've been telegraphing to investors. We've got a little bit more of deleveraging to go, and then we'll continue to evaluate whether we, what our opportunities are to generate the best returns for investors, either through organic growth or through more capital returns, but that's the basic way it's going to work. The share count will go down on the separation.
Mark Smith: Got it. And I will say I'm feeling better than I sound, and that's largely because of the record cash flow. So please, as I said at the start, don't read into my breaking voice. Meritor achieved the goals we had for this year. It is not a segment on its own. We provided that data for the first full year for transparency purposes to make sure investors had a read on how we were doing after a little bit of a bumpy start when we first acquired Meritor. So that's all rolled into the guidance, but it's safe to say we've got further improvement in Meritor going into 2024 and we're really pleased with how the team is doing there, Ken Hogan and his team. So we're excited about that going forward. So thank you. Thanks everybody. Appreciate it.
Rob Wertheimer: Yeah, hi. I wonder if you could give us some thoughts on what's happening in the data center and large engine market. Obviously, it's very strong. I don't know how many years of visibility you have or what that market looks like. Your primary competitor announced a capacity expansion. I don't know where your capacity and your room to grow into that market if it is, a multiyear kind of curve. So I wonder if you could kind of give us an update on dynamics there.
Rob Wertheimer: And then do you have room to grow in '25 and '26? Maybe not sure too much on your capacity, but it seems as though you're probably, you're probably being asked to quote or to think about, capacitor that far out, right.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Perfect. I'll stop there. If I can sneak one more in on medium duty, there's a bit of a narrative that as the COVID constrained production, the OEMs prioritized large class state over the medium duty and that's reflected somewhat in industry outlooks in your out. I'm just wondering if medium duty has more inherent demand than that being helped by interest rates or anything else, or if that's kind of where the market is kind of flattish? I'll stop there.
