Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks, Kevin. Let's turn to slide 13. First and foremost, I'll reiterate that we are on track to meet all three financial targets we established for M2016. As we've continued to demonstrate strong results driven by the improvements we've made across the company, we've remained confident in our ability to achieve our margin, net debt, and new business win metrics this year, and to successfully launch our M2019 growth focus plan. With the capabilities we have demonstrated since launching M2016, we have strong momentum in the commercial vehicle marketplace. We've executed on a clear set of strategic priorities that were designed and developed to increase shareholder value. We've proven our ability to execute despite the unfavorable market dynamics that have been ongoing since we launched the M2016 program. Instead of using the markets as an excuse for not achieving our objectives, we use them as a challenge to demonstrate our operating excellence, and we will continue to do so. We have growing customer relationships and a strong brand, both of which are helping us win meaningful business within important global manufacturers. We continue to add to our robust product line that is further strengthening our global market leadership positions, and we have the leadership talent to take us where we want to go. Now, let's take your questions.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks, Brian. This is Jay. Thanks for the question. Yes, in (22:25) comments I made today about the $435 million of being on track new businesses, our confidence in achieving that $175 million, we do market-adjust that number for all the wins globally. So, in North America, as I mentioned, we are seeing the aggressive ramp-up of PACCAR. But please remember, we also had a pretty significant win with Scania in Europe on the braking side. We've had a good hub reduction win with Daimler in India and several other wins throughout the world, in addition to seeing our emerging market axle in China starting to get a great reception with the bus and coach manufacturers. So, there's gives and takes on the market's impact on that, but overall, we remain very confident in the number.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Sure, Neil. This is Jay. I think you've listed off a few of them, actually. Our business, if you recall, at normalized stable market levels is highly seasonal with the first quarter and fourth quarter being our lowest revenue quarters, and the second quarter and third quarter being the strongest. There are several reasons for that. As you mentioned, the holiday shutdowns in North America and Europe in the first quarter and fourth quarter around production, and also the aftermarket business and brake replacement season is highly seasonal. And as you mentioned, we are seeing the ramp-up of our new business wins, as I mentioned on the call. My comments were above 50% penetration with PACCAR. We expect that to continue to increase throughout the year. And if you look at our estimate of the North American Class 8 market, you certainly can see we're not counting on that to be stronger in the back half of the year, certainly, than what we saw in Q1. So, I think those are the main reasons. And we do feel confident in that guidance.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, traditionally, aftermarket has been somewhat countercyclical. And so, again, as I stated earlier, it is also highly seasonal with a fairly dependable brake replacement season here in Q2, Q3. So, I think we should expect to see some pretty healthy revenue growth sequentially from Q1 to Q2.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Well, Patrick, I think, obviously, we've completed one fiscal quarter. So, we have three to go, and we're sitting almost the full month into the second quarter and our production outlook is pretty accurate for the remainder of this quarter. So you can think for six months of the year we have a pretty high degree of certainty and then we are continuing to evaluate the orders, but the backlog to build ratio remains fairly strong. We just had our Fleet Advisory Council and national meeting at most of major fleets. A week or so ago, those fleets are continuing to say business is strong and so the fundamentals still look very stable. So, although it is a pretty big step-down from last year, we think it's a fairly reasonable assumption based on what we're seeing.
Jeffrey A. Craig: Thanks for everyone joining the call today. And if you have any further questions, just give Carl a call.
Kevin Nowlan: Hi, Brian. This is Kevin. I'll take that. Yeah, I mean, from a downside liquidity planning, we update that model pretty regularly, as we talked about at Analyst Day, in terms of how we establish how much liquidity we need to manage through the cycles, especially a down cycle that could last upward of three years. And we normally think we drive toward having liquidity in the zip code of about 20% of annualized revenue. As we look at where we sit today, and with our expectation that we are on pace to generate $130 million of free cash flow over the last nine months of the year, we feel confident about our ability to execute the balance of the program which is $94 million between now and the end of the fiscal year. We will look at the market, we'll look at the opportunities that are out there across both equity and equity-linked securities and – but we are confident we can – we have the liquidity to manage to be able to support that program.
Kevin Nowlan: No, no change in factoring. We will continue to utilize those programs as operating – as part of our operating cash flow in that business.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I think this is traditionally part of our working capital arrangement with our European customer base and so...
Kevin Nowlan: There were elements of certain things we were assuming in recoveries in terms of insurance, but I won't get into the specifics how much it was in terms of our expectations. But in terms of the first quarter, I don't think we were anticipating that we were going to see that flow through our results this quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: Since quarter end, we have been in blackout. So we haven't been in the market in terms of open market repurchases.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, I think it's fair to say. As we look at the last nine months of the year, we would expect to see the margins in that segment return to more normalized levels, or what we've been experiencing in the back half of last year. And it's really driven by a couple things. One is revenue picking up, because Q1 is always the low watermark for that business; and second, it's the continued execution of material labor and burden performance initiatives as those continue to come on over the course of the year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, I mean – and I'd say a couple things. I mean, the headwinds we saw in Q1 on a year-over-year basis, obviously, we had a little bit of a revenue impact, but there's overall FX impacts that we saw, translation and transaction related. As it relates to the warehouse issue, if you look at our North American aftermarket business, the labor and burden year-over-year was about $2 million worth, primarily driven by the discrete issue in the quarter related to the implementation of the new warehouse system. We had an old legacy system, no longer supported, and the new system that we put in place helps us improve throughput and fill rate. So, we're happy with the new system. We had some inefficiencies as we went through the execution of launching that back in November, but that was discrete to the first quarter. So, we should be back on track as we go into the back half of the year.
Kevin Nowlan: It depends. I mean, as we receive the $17 million of proceeds, we determine how much is earned and it's linked to our estimate of what the probable liability is on our asbestos exposures in the Maremont entity going forward. So, if our outlook for those liabilities were to increase over time, the potential exists that we would recognize more of that – the remaining $12 million into income. If those liabilities decreased over time from our current expectations, the potential exists that we would return some of those monies back to the insurance company, which is why it's sitting on the balance sheet at the moment as opposed to being booked as income.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I mean, because it's really offsetting our ongoing asbestos costs each quarter. I mean, every quarter we have millions of dollars' worth of costs that are embedded within our cost structure, and this is simply a recovery related to those costs that we have.
Kevin Nowlan: Hi, Irina, It's Kevin. I'll take that. You have to keep in mind, when we're talking about the guidance that we provided before, we're talking in ranges and approximations. And our prior revenue guidance was a $100 million range between $3.4 billion and $3.5 billion. So, we were operating somewhere along that range. And as we looked at the changes that we expected to occur based on the North American truck market coming down, we felt that with that, plus any other of the small puts and takes we see, the appropriate guidance would be around $3.4 billion; again, an approximation. We could be a little bit above that level. We could be a little bit below that level. But we think the balanced look at this at this point is $3.4 billion. As you think about the margin, keep in mind this is at the bottom end of the prior guidance. In the prior guidance, we thought we would still be on track to achieve 10% with some of the programs we had out there, even if we trended down to $3.4 billion. And we continue to believe that's the case based on what we're looking at.
Kevin Nowlan: It's pretty much comparable to what we provided last time. I mean, it's about $1.10 to the euro, and I think about BRL3.90 or so to U.S. dollar.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I mean, you're right. The $5 million was discrete to the quarter, a one-time item. But we have lots of pluses and minuses that hit our results, just like we had the Aftermarket & Trailer discrete item in the quarter going a little bit the other way. I think, as you've seen over time, we've been trying not to adjust out any items plus or minus as a company, and really manage through those and drive to bottom-line performance in terms of margin and bottom-line earnings. And that's what we're doing right now. So we manage all those puts and takes, and we drove to this level of margin.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, again, we had negative year-over-year labor and burden in that – in the aftermarket North American business of $2 million, and it was primarily related to this particular issue.
Kevin Nowlan: It's continued in performance and executing on continued performance initiatives throughout the year. I mean, remember, our Q1 is normally our softest quarter and look back to last year even, we were 9.0% Q1, but we ended the full year at 9.5%. That's a type of performance we're expecting this year. Again, coming out of the gate, with a weaker first quarter, because it's our low revenue watermark, 9.4%, but expecting the same type of performance in the back half to drive the same type of improvement year in the full year that we saw relative to Q1 last year.
Kevin Nowlan: That's correct. And a big piece driven by revenue and continued execution of the performance initiatives. That's really the story of what drives the back half for the last nine months.
