Gerardo Norcia: Dave and Brent, before we open it up for questions, I would just like to let the community -- investment community know that we had one of our largest ice storms roll through our service territory yesterday and across the whole state of Michigan.  And we've got over 400,000 customer outages at this point in time. And I want to give a shout out to our people. Over 2,000 people were in the field today, first thing this morning, dealing with this on a safe -- and trying to restore our customers safely and as quickly as possible.  We understand certainly the inconvenience that this causes our customers, but again, our goal with several thousand people in the field this morning is to restore our customers as quickly and as safely as possible.  So with that, let's open up for the first question, Brent.
Gerardo Norcia: So as Dave mentioned when we had prepared our plans in the fall, prior to the rate case, we had adequate contingency in our plans and had anticipated some of the headwinds from interest expense and inflation.  When we received the rate order, it created an incremental approximately $120 million challenge to our plan. And so we go deep into our lean plans and started to exercise our main plans immediately, which is a practice that many of you are familiar with, that we undertake. And the areas that basically we pursued were delaying hiring, reducing contractor workforce and placing our employees into those roles, reducing over time significantly, and deferring maintenance work without sacrificing safety or quality of service.  And as you know, when we have years where we experienced favorable outcomes like last year, we start to invest heavily in our maintenance practices. And so this year, we'll be drawing on those banks, if you will.
Gerardo Norcia: At this point in time, there's no definitive plans for capital rotation, but I -- we're constantly looking at those types of opportunities. We've got a track record of rotating capital out of our non-utility businesses and helping to fund some of our utility work.  At this point, you would notice that we have very little equity needs. So we're trying to certainly match up sort of financing needs with potential rotations in the future. So we'll see more to come on that as we go, but certainly always open to anything that creates accretion opportunities for our investors.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So our intent -- we've got 2 major regulatory initiatives this year. One is the integrated resource plan that will conclude in the second half of this year and then our electric general rate case that will conclude in December. We are very interested in settling both. And I would say that in the first instance, with the integrated resource plan, many of the parties that are involved are very interested in settlement discussions. We've had our first set of discussions, which are encouraging, and we seek to settle that case, which is the integrated resource plan.  Later in this year, we will start those conversations for settlement around the electric rate case. We do have a history of settling gas cases in many of our renewable regulatory filings as well as our cost recovery factor filings and GCRs have been settled in the past. So we know how to do this and have done it, and we will pursue it in these 2 major regulatory initiatives this year.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, certainly, the contingency that we walk into the year with is exactly for these purposes, whether it's deviations in weather or -- we do carry a storm budget as part of our base plan. And then, of course, if storm costs exceed plan, and that's what contingency may be used for, or it maybe used for weather variations.  So I would say that we have adequate contingency at this point in time based on what we've seen so far in the year. And as we consume contingency, as I mentioned before, we go into deeper lean actions to try and restore contingency, especially as we head into the summer season, which is really our biggest opportunity to create value for our shareholders. That's when we really want to make sure that most of our contingency is intact.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. So let me start with vegetation management first. We've got our largest vegetation management program that we've ever had historically in our company.  Back in 2013, we were investing about $65 million a year in vegetation management. And several years ago, we came up with a creative solution with the commission to basically more than triple the investment in vegetation management. This year, for example, we will invest over $200 million in vegetation management.  And we actually agreed to amortize those costs over time in order to smooth out the impact to our customers, but still give the customers -- our customers the benefit of reliability improvements. And as I mentioned in my comments, I think the commission would agree that we've had significant impact on reliability where we have taken on a very aggressive tree trimming as well as hardening of the system by replacing poles and wires and transformers.  So very significant investments in the grid. And while we've completed that work, we've had significant improvements in the liability. So we feel good about the work that we're doing. We were always looking for opportunities to do even better. And we believe that, that's what the process that the commission has initiated is really about, is really finding joint opportunities to accelerate and improve processes to make our investments even more effective than they have been.  So I'm excited about that. In terms of cost reductions, your first question, we are undertaking many of these onetime actions in order to accommodate the challenge that we received late last year. And we feel pretty confident in executing those.  We know they are onetime, they're not sustainable. Things like not hiring people or suspending tiring. We do need to replace critical positions in our company over time. And not to say that there's not potential efficiency opportunities that we will pursue. Some of this could stick.  I mean, that's the opportunity that we're faced with. But a lot of these actions are onetime and not sustainable in nature and also deferring maintenance work. We can do that for short periods of time, but certainly cannot do that for a long period of time. Hopefully, that helps.
Gerardo Norcia: Certainly, last year, General Motors announced the battery plant and battery operation -- assembly operations in our service territory. And certainly, we're really excited about that.  In the past year, we also saw One Energy announced a new battery plant in our service territory. In addition to that, the University of Michigan announced a multibillion-dollar investment program right next door to our headquarters for an innovation center, which will drive economic growth and development in the city of Detroit.  And most recently, the Henry Ford Hospital system is rebuilding their hospital campus in downtown Detroit with a multibillion dollar investment as well, which will create new jobs, new economic development activity. And those are some of the big ones that I mentioned, but there are so many others.  In my time at DTE, this has probably been the most active economic development period that I've seen. So we're pretty excited about growth both in the industrial and commercial sector, which ultimately, as you know, will drive growth in residential investment as well and commercial investment to support those industries.
Gerardo Norcia: So let me start with the first question, how did we start on these lessons learned. We started that really early in the summer. We always get feedback from the staff through their questions and through their commentary. And we started to really sharpen our focus on improving quality of submissions going into this rate case.  So we were working on this rate case before -- months and months before. Probably 6 months before we even got the results in November. So it did start and then I think it's intensified once we got the result. And the outreach certainly intensified after the result in November because we felt the need -- great context for the fact that, hey, we've stayed out of a rate case for 4 years and we've invested $8 billion.  And we -- and the feedback we're getting is there's very strong support for that investment. And unfortunately, we had a mishap with the sales forecast in the last rate case, but I think that will get corrected.  And there will be strong support for the investments that we're making and continue to make. So -- so that would sort of summarize the rate case part of it.  In terms of the forecast, I would say, as Dave said, we are tracking right towards the midpoint at this point in time. And that's our goal. And all of the cost initiatives that we have undertaken, Dave and I review them weekly, and the rest of our team is reviewing it out daily. And we're right on top of that plan. So we feel good about where we're at. We're also looking to restore contingency as it gets consumed sometimes by weather. So that's where we're at. So we're confident in hitting our midpoint at this point in time as we look at our outlook.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, the positive side of the IRM is that we've been talking to the commission about it for years. And as you saw in the last rate case, they invited us to file one. So there's strong alignment in order -- in terms of creating the IRM.  And we think that, that, as you know, in our gas company has simplified greatly the regulatory process for capital that's not disputed, if you will, that needs to be invested. And it's going to be primarily directed -- actually not primarily, it will be directed at the grid. That's what the IRM will be used for.  And it will build over time. So it's going to take a few years before it starts to have an impact on the timing of rate cases. But to give you an example, as we built it up in the gas business, it allowed us to stay out for 2 and 3 years at a time.  And that's certainly the case this time. We've stayed out for at least several years already in the gas company. So we expect that to happen with the electric business. As we build confidence in the IRM, we'll start with modest amounts going into the IRM, as you've seen in our rate case filings, and that will build over a 3-year period.  And we'll get used to working together on that because it does take some time to build confidence in the execution as well as the management of the IRM. So we're taking a page out of the gas playbook to build up this IRM and achieve our goals of making the necessary investments as well as starting to put time between rate cases. So it will take a few years as my answer before we start to see a significant impact on timing of rate cases.
Gerardo Norcia: They're seeing it right now. As a matter of fact, I was talking to the President of the gas company the last couple of days. We're going to lower the factor by about $1 here in the next little while. So we're seeing the prices come down quite nicely from their peak.
Gerardo Norcia: I think we've already seen a year-over-year decline, and it will continue to decline. We've made a series of reductions already in the last several months in our gas prices. Our gas recovery, that's a factor. And the most significant one is coming here very shortly. It's about $1 decline in price.
Gerardo Norcia: So I'll start by saying that the expectations that we see is there'll be challenge to the timing of some of our retirements, especially the Monroe Power Plant. So I think you'll see that. We won't be surprised by that. And we will also perhaps see some desire to increase energy efficiency. I think many -- some parties will challenge natural gas as a future reliability source.  And of course, we've got strong views on that, that the natural gas enables a large build-out of renewables as technology continues to improve around providing baseload generation. So I think those are -- those will be the issues, if you will.  And -- but there's strong support for a large portion, I believe, of our IRP. At least that's our early indication that it's received favorable reviews informally, if you will. So -- we look forward to the testimony that will be filed.  In terms of timing of settlements, we expect that the IRP will be settled first just because it was filed before the rate case and just the timing of testimony and process puts the rate case a little behind the IRP in terms of the opportunity for settlement discussions. So that's how we expect the process to unfold.
Gerardo Norcia: We had built that in, Andrew, into IRP forecast. Now of course, what we do in an IRP is we provide for scenarios for demand increases, both the largest demand increase opportunity is really EV attachments and some of the economic development activity that we expect in the near term.  But we try to build an IRP that not only addresses point estimates, but also a range and scenarios and forecast. And that's something that is required by the IRP filing guidelines, and I think -- we think it's a very wise thing to do because, obviously, over a period of 20 years, there can be a significant amount of variability in demand forecast. So we provide low, medium and high type of forecast.
Gerardo Norcia: We're really proud of our people out there. They're braving these elements, and we just hope for their safety and good health, and certainly the same for our customers.
Gerardo Norcia: The last time we did it, Anthony, we requested a really large IRM amount. And this is like over a handful of years ago. And this time -- and it was -- I felt at that time the feedback we got that, maybe it was too big the request. And we were trying to make it big enough to stay out of rate cases immediately, so that there would be an immediate benefit to us and many other interested parties not having to have rate cases every year.  Well, this time, we've taken a different approach. We've made it smaller in the early years, which may have us -- may create a little more work as you're in for both rate cases and reconciliations in the early years on the IRM. But over time, it will start to put distance between rate cases as we grow it. And I think it will give the party -- all parties involved confidence that we're executing well on the IRM. So that's why we took a little different approach this time. and we feel that it will be successful. We socialized it ahead of time before we filed and got very strong positive feedback. So we feel good about it this time.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say there are, of course, the costs of sort of prosecuting a case, if you will, for us and for our interveners and for the commission. So we'll reduce that. And I think that will be significant. But I think the more significant piece, Anthony, will be the fact that once we have certainty of an investment profile, from a supply chain perspective, we can start preordering materials and working out supply arrangements that are much more efficient over the long term, over 3 to 5 years. and lining up our contractors where the bulk of the cost is and extracting value from them on behalf of our customers.  So I would say the beauty of the IRM that we saw in the gas business is you can start lining up major supply chain and initiatives and also contractors to extract efficiencies. When you can commit to somebody for 5 years, there's a huge incentive to for them to respond to our efficiency initiatives. So that's where I see millions of dollars of potential savings in capital and the ability to accelerate our work.
Gerardo Norcia: Typically, we're targeting that $15 million to $18 million, Anthony, of growth advantage to support that forecast. So that's what the team passed with each and every year and sometimes they beat it, sometimes it's lower.  But overall, it averages out to about $15 million to $18 million a year of income growth. And a lot of it is -- we can look to it coming because we've got these landfill projects that are under our current control that we can convert to RNG. And so we've got a nice line of sight at least over the next 2 or 3 years into project development.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And I'll just close by saying we had another strong year in 2022, and I'm feeling really good about 2023 and our position for the long-term future. So I hope everyone has a great morning, and stay healthy. Thank you.
David Ruud: And I'll just add to that. As soon as we knew that this rehearing was a possibility or that we saw the sales, we went into action building our plans. And now we're tracking this daily in a lot of times and weekly, and we're executing on our plans really well so far this year.
David Ruud: Yes, it is. At the highest level, we've incorporated increasing interest rates in our plans for our 5-year plan. At the holding company, right, we don't have any retirements in '23 other than this $800 million of outstanding term loan. And for that, we've entered into some floating defects to make sure we reduce any exposure to interest rate volatility in '23. And then in '24 and '25 and beyond, we've conservatively modeled rates in our plan and look for opportunities to bring that in even more favorably as we go forward.
David Ruud: I agree. I think -- all I was going to add is that the IRA has made some of these projects more attractive. So we do see some additional competition, but we also have some of our own -- our own landfill gas projects that we can work for conversions that can be very attractive for us in the future, too.
David Ruud: Yes. And as we built these plans, we were very careful to ensure that we weren't going to impact -- first of all, never impact safety. Nothing that would impact reliability or our ability to deliver for our customers. And so these plans are built with that in mind. So it should fit well even though they're unsustainable in the future should fit well with what we're trying to continue to do for our customers.
David Ruud: Sure. Yes, Jerry. Yes. As Jerry mentioned, our sales are tracking pretty well to our forecast. And I think as end-to-end to what we have in the filing. And I think what will be the benefit going into this filing is we'll have some more stability because you saw our sales and particularly our residential sales from 2022 versus 2021. They were down about 3% with people returning to work.  As we look to our forecast in our test year, it's down a little under 2% from that level. So far in the early months, we're seeing that we're tracking like right on that level. And so we think we'll come in at a forecast that will be a lot more agreeable as we go forward. And overall, from pre-pandemic levels to where we are in our test year, it's up about 1.5% to 2%, too. So I think it's all triangulating really well.
David Ruud: Yes. That's a good question. Yes. '22 ended up right around 15%. And as you mentioned, the big driver of that being a little lower was the fuel cost recovery. So we had our power supply cost recovery was a use of cash for us in '22, but will be more of a source of cash as we're recovering, the majority of that in 2023. So we'll see our FFO to debt be a little bit higher, a little bit better in 2023.
David Ruud: Yes. Our goal there will be to keep that as low as possible, obviously, and how we generate cash and how we get cash through our plan will be one of the big drivers of that and how we use it in CapEx. So we see in our plan minimal equity issuances, hopefully in that around 0, but it could be in the 0 to 100 range as we go forward.
David Ruud: It's a possibility. I would expect some internal equity issuances that we have through our internal sources, though.
