Gerard M. Anderson: Shar, this is Gerry. Link is performing very well. As I mentioned in my comments, all of our platforms are growing better-than-expected and Link would fall into that category as well. You asked about expansions, those are progressing well. So, we're really good about that asset at this point in time.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think as I mentioned in some of our prior calls, our pro forma internally was higher than that $0.10 and we're performing – we're meeting our internal performance, so we're doing better than the $0.10.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes. Yeah, we'll give you an update on both the cogeneration project queue and developments and how that feels, as well as the RNG projects at EEI and really the overall P&I earnings forecasts for 2023. So, we had that $70 million number out a couple of years ago, we told you that's obsolete, it's going to be higher. And we'll pin down a forecast for you when we're together at EEI.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes. It puts us at least on track to that. So two years in, we would have hit that number, but I think what we communicated is that that $45 million number is sort of obsolete at this point, we fully expect to go well by that.
Gerard M. Anderson: We'll give you an update on that at EEI in terms of our assumptions, I think, in terms of investment level in the business and what that would imply.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. Julien, we don't go asset by asset in our portfolios and talk returns, ROEs, for obvious reasons. We're throughout interacting with counterparties on transactions. But I think with what we've said is the pipe's got healthy actually. Volumes flowing right now before we get into any of the long-term shippers which is encouraging and we expect that to continue next year. And then next year is the year where we will transition those short-term volumes into longer term contracts. And the ultimate plan, of course, is for this to behave like Link is behaving, like Bluestone has behaved, like Millennium has behaved. The real juice in these comes from all the add-on investments and expansions and other opportunities that a platform creates and we are seeing those begin to evolve too. And we'll give you some color on that at EEI.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, the 300 megawatts that we talked about initially, I think a lot of that demand is in late-stage discussions, I'd say, and feels very good. But we have additional demand beyond that which is why we're going for 600 megawatts. And in terms of the tax credits, as you would expect, there are – both we and others have preserved the ability to use tax credits at project sites. So, those are what are coming forward. So, we've done in the past and will do in the future these build, own, transfer projects with developers whose real business is to go out and develop sites, and perhaps pin down through equipment commitments, the tax credit viability. And we then work with them to bring those sites to fruition. So, that's what we're doing. And, yeah, we've been encouraged by the level of interest from industrials and institutionals in carbon emission reduction. And so, we're going to – we'll try to knock down the 300 megawatts, work our way into the 600 megawatts, and there may be more beyond that, we'll see.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, we'll talk about – we can talk about Trading at EEI as well, I think. But one thing I would say is it's just been a very consistent performer in recent years. So, what we're essentially doing with this guidance is putting it in line with reality. And so, that's what you see in the guidance for next year.
Gerard M. Anderson: ...either with a lot of flow to meet summer weather demand that was strong, certainly stronger than we have projected since we projected normal weather. I think we told you that we had producer drilling that was more aggressive than we thought it would be. And so, we're not projecting that sort of aggressive drilling next year. It may come, but we just don't think it's prudent to build plans around repeated aggressive drilling, repeated warm weather, storage outperformance, volume outperformance on various platforms. I wouldn't say it's – we aren't pinpointing it to other pipes coming on or anything like that. It was more these conditions asset-by-asset that was better than we expected.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, we've told you. We try in every business and the company overall did come into the year with contingency. I just have a philosophy; it's hard to deliver anything that has uncertainty in the future if you don't have some room for things to go wrong. So, yes, we do. And I hope conditions emerge so that that contingency will accrue to you. That's been typical in recent years, but time will tell.
Gerard M. Anderson: If we get the right deal, we'll certainly look at those. So, yeah, I'd say the investments that we're looking at in GSP are across the board, mainline, lateral, smaller extensions out to gathering platforms and potentially the gathering itself.
Gerard M. Anderson: You know processing if need be. So, we are very familiar with those. We've done them in Michigan for many decades. It hasn't been a focus of ours, but if needed by one of the producers, we'd certainly take it out.
Gerard M. Anderson: We've been – as you know, we've got a number of these projects around for a while. So, as we get deeper into our ownership, the use of the credits goes from quite current to being pushed out, which is why it makes sense for us now to monetize and pull them forward.
Gerard M. Anderson: We anticipated that we would do these and plan to do the tax equity transaction. So, I think we have been signaling that across this year that we were working on them. And so, we're now getting very close.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. M&A is on the plate. And in fact, we have a couple of assets that we're looking at with great interest right now. So, we'll provide you with updates as soon as we can on those and what we can at EEI if we're able. I will say that on the second quarter call, I think a couple of you sensed there was something that might have been quite close. There was. We had a sizable transaction that we were well along on, kind of entering deep due diligence. But as we got deep into the due diligence on that one, we found that the geology just wasn't strong enough for us to be confident in the underlying geology. And so, I was really proud of our team. They came back and said, look, this deal is constructed, it doesn't fit our investment discipline and we ought to look at other assets, and if we could get it at a lower price great, but not at this price. And so, we did move on from that one, but there are probably more assets out there than are visible to the public. I'll just put it that way, and we're looking at a couple of interesting ones.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, we've said on prior calls – and there's really no new news on this that we expect the pipe to really fill up in significant measure with short-term flows and we're seeing that. In fact, we expect those short-term volumes will likely increase as the upstream feed to the pipe increases, as assets are put in service to deliver our long-term shippers. And then the process of transitioning those short volumes to longer-term contracts, a lot of that is expected to play out over the next year, as we said on the mid-year call. And our team and the Enbridge team will work that together.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I don't know if I'd characterize it that way. Actually, there's a very healthy spread to Michigan right now from the producing regions, which just says that it's an attractive market and given that the volumes are flowing.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think – is the basin. We talked previously the basin is projected to go short capacity in the 2020, 2021 timeframe. And it's when you approach those that both we and producers both want to line up. And so, excuse 2019 and that's why we think it's going to be an active year of discussions about those longer term contracts. I mean, some could be as long as the anchored shippers. But generally, you bring your anchor shippers into 15 to 20, you bring your other shippers in, you could get some 5s, some 7s, some might push out longer than that. And then as Jerry said you may have some that's transacting in the shorter term market on top of that so...
Gerard M. Anderson: ...but I think next year it will be an active year. And in the flows that we've seen immediately come into the pipe being transitioned to multi-year term contracts of the sort I just described.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, actually, I don't think we said that we do 15 or 20-year contracts on the balance. That's not typical. What's typical is you come in with term, but you look for your underlying anchor shippers to drive that. Now, we may get it if the basin tightens substantially but 15 to 20 would be pretty long for people who are coming in after the anchor shippers. On the other hand, we do expect to – we don't expect it to be in the very short-term market. We expect it to be in that 5 perhaps 3s, 5s, 7s, 10s, those sorts of things. That's typical for a pipe as we built out its portfolio.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. The one we passed on was very analogous to Link, but the two we're looking at now, one is smaller and one is analogous to Link.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, pull forwards, storms, and we have some called Customer 360, we're in the first year of those. And, typical, when you bring in a big new customer platform, your expenses rise some and then fall away and we've seen that as expected this year.
Gerard M. Anderson: We met extensively with both the Commissioners, but the Commission Staff in particular, our people were up there working in detail about future plans and future investment levels and the rationale for those. And so, it's really on that basis that the three-year IRM filing was made. I described it this way. I think the Commission would like to be off the, every year, rate case cycle. And the reason for that is that there's a lot of waste in that. It's driven entirely because capital expenditures and reinvestment in the system is high, but it forces a relook at everything on an annual basis. And there are a lot of things that are more sensibly looked at every two or three years. So, it is a lot of work that is really unnecessary, if you know that you're investing in this power plant or you're going to invest in your distribution system or you're going to make investments that are necessary in your nuclear plant, why drive rate cases with those known items? And so, I think there's a mutual goal to rationalize the rate case filing process and frequency. And we've done our best to work hard with the staff to get a position in front of them that makes sense to us and makes sense to them. And so, we're hopeful that we'll land in a spot that meets both needs.
Gerard M. Anderson: Thank you. With that I'm understanding it is our last question. So, I'll just reiterate, really appreciate everybody being on the call. We're on a great year this year, and I think our two guidance increases indicate that. I also feel really good about the position we're in to continue the performance that we've been able to deliver you in recent years, really over the past 11 years. And we look forward to providing you updates on our five year plan at EEI and the investments at our utilities and our non-utility businesses that will undergo that plan. So, we will see you all at San Francisco and thanks for joining the call.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've got 350 million a day approximately flowing today under short-term contracts and our long-term contracts rolling about 840 million a day start to flow in and around November 1. So, we're feeling pretty good about how the pipe is filling up.
Jerry Norcia: At the Electric Company – the gas case we completed and we got an acceleration of our gas main renewal program from a 25-year program to an 18-year program. So, that was very positive. On the Electric case, we filed for an Infrastructure Renewal Mechanism as well. It covers about $1 billion a year of CapEx, and that's connected to reliability and modernization investments in our distribution business. It also covers the build of our new combined-cycle plant and some investments in our nuclear facilities. So, we had lots of conversation with the Commission Staff about that and we filed something that we hope will help us to do two things. One is reduce rate case frequency. So, it's a three-year IRM that we filed at the Electric Company. And it will also allow us to gain a lot of efficiencies for our customers because when we can create certainty around what our investment plans will be, which usually drive a lot of costs out of our investment plans.
Jerry Norcia: Right now, we haven't really disclosed what the exact volume is going to be. But we expect the pipe to essentially fill with our long-term contracts and short-term contracts. That's what's in our forecast.
Jerry Norcia: The other thing, Julien, that I would say is a lot of these platforms like Millennium and Vector we enter the investments just north of our cost of capital. And as we expand and develop new markets and connecting markets to those pipes, we see that drive well north of our cost of capital. I mean we saw that happen with Vector, our Millennium assets, our Bluestone asset, as well as Link and we expect very much the same with our NEXUS asset.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we're working on that. I think you may hear more about that if we got some of this done when we get to EEI. But we are looking at connecting neighboring assets, laterals, and expanding our deliveries to customers along the path. So, lots of good things cooking on NEXUS. And as they evolve, we can update you.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We saw increased throughput on a discretionary basis across all our platforms. That would include like Vector which is our Chicago to Dawn pipe. Even our Storage assets performed better than expected in terms of market value and volumes. Millennium performed above target and Bluestone and our Susquehanna Gathering was a huge contributor as well. And then our Link assets performed better than we expected. So, Greg, it was across all the platforms and it was for various reasons. I think one of them you touched on people looking for other places to send their gas, use some of our platforms to do so, but we also saw market conditions evolve in different markets that drove the need for incremental throughput. So, we thought it to be what we would consider a higher than expected case.
Jerry Norcia: Right now, we're well on our way with short-term contracts. As I mentioned, we've got about 350 million a day and short-term contracts are already flowing on the pipe, as we speak. And our long-term contracts, which total about 840 million a day will start to flow in and around the 1st of November.
Jerry Norcia: Well, they'll all be firm contracts with the exception of a very small amount to our total capacity of 15 (47:46). So, whether they're short term in nature or long term in nature that will be firm contracts that we'll deliver on. And I think what it'll evolve over time is we'll do two things. One is move some of those short-term contracts into long-term contracts and also start to expand the pipe.
Jerry Norcia: I think they'll rage – our short-term contracts, Jonathan, are ranged from very short term to medium short term. So, there'll be – some of them could be months, some of them could be years. So, I think it'll be a combination of – that's what we consider short term, that's what will help fill the pipe in the near term and then we'll transition those to multi-year contracts as we move forward.
Jerry Norcia: That's a combined-cycle, natural gas-fired plant about 1,100 megawatts. It will be located where our Belle River in St. Clair existing coal units are, so it's going to be in that location. We're receiving great support from the local community. In addition to that, in terms of efficiencies, it's around at 6,000 heat rate on the latest GE turbines, so it is the GE turbine. So those are the high level details.
Peter B. Oleksiak: This is Peter. Yeah. The cash flows that we would have seen from these, if we would have kept the credits on account are probably – I'd say over probably about a decade away right in the 2020s, late 2020s. So, it really made sense for us to pull that cash forward.
Peter B. Oleksiak: About half of that $50 million pre-tax were pull-forwards in investment and our operations. And I would say the other half was due to what sometimes comes with hot weather, we had incremental storm expense as well as we continue to invest in our customers systems to improve service from that new system that we installed.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. Andrew, maybe (00:56:56) understand your question a little bit more. But our 2018 original guidance was at the year-end call, which we put in the tax reform effect on that. So, that was baked into that original guidance. So, it is comparable to 2019 early outlook to the original guidance is comparable in terms of the both reflecting tax reform. But I'm not sure if that was the nature of your question.
