Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 9 in the second quarter earnings [indiscernible]. For the quarter, DTE's operating earnings were $0.65. I'd like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the Appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.59. And MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss for the second quarter combined came in at a $0.02 loss. The Non-Utility segments combined to earn $0.18. The drivers for the Non-Utility second quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipeline at $0.09, Trading at $0.07, Power & Industrial Projects at $0.03, and Nonconventional Gas Production at a $0.01 loss. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.10 in the quarter.  Let's move to Slide 10 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. I've simplified my presentation pages this quarter due to the straightforward nature of the earnings experiences at the utilities. For those separate earnings walks on the utilities, I described the quarter-over-quarter changes with Slide 10. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are up $45 million for the quarter. Detroit Edison's operating earnings was $100 million, up $13 million from prior year. The favorability is driven by improved margin resulting from self-implemented rates in the second quarter of 2011. Even though our electric utility is decoupled, we closely monitor sales levels and the underlying economy for our region. Overall, temperature-normal electric load in the territory was relatively flat for the quarter. Last year in the second quarter, the auto companies were ramping up production and inventory levels, so it's a strong quarter for industrial sales. This is playing out as we look at the quarter-over-quarter this year. Moving to MichCon, as noted earlier, the second quarter is typically a loss for the seasonal Gas Utility business. MichCon had an operating loss of $3 million, down $2 million for the prior year. The decrease in earnings was driven by final order rates falling through this quarter versus self-implemented rates last year. We also saw lower storage revenues offset by favorable weather.  Our non-utility segments were up $26 million, primarily driven by higher earnings at Energy Trading, partially offset by lower earnings at Power & Industrial Projects. Power & Industrial Projects are down $17 million resulting from non-repeating earnings last year from the steel industry fuels tax credit and favorable transportation contracts. Energy Trading is up $38 million, following a loss of $26 million in the second quarter of 2010. The improvement is driven by favorable economic performance and favorable accounting timing-related earnings. We have provided our standard year-to-date economic and accounting earnings walks for the segment in the Appendix, and this quarter we've also included a quarter-over-quarter walk. Lastly, Corporate and Other was up $8 million from last year due to lower interest and taxes in 2011.  That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. I'll turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Peter Oleksiak: The best way to look at this is on a year-to-date basis. I know there is some quarterly noise that we're seeing, so year-to-date we're up about 1%. And if you look at our total year forecast, we think that overall it's going to be 1%, maybe 1% to 2%. We are seeing some good recovery in the residential and the commercial segments. I did mention the industrial in my speaking notes. They had a very strong first half of the year. Actually the second quarter last year, they were up close to 30% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, so we did see some of that taper off this first half but we are actually on that segment looking at around flat earnings year-over-year. So overall 1%. Industrial will probably be flat but recovery in the residential, commercial segments.
Peter Oleksiak: The last quarter, we mentioned that we thought the next 2 quarters would be relatively flat. Fourth quarter we had some positive accounting timing. Two things happened: first is that we did see some positive economic contribution in the quarter from Energy Trading. Actually, if you look at the reconciliation page, it's around $2 million of economic net income. So that actually was a little bit more than we thought and anticipated, and that allowed for the little -- and we did see some of the shift, where we thought we were going to get positive timing in the fourth quarter, some of it came in this quarter as well. But overall, we believe Energy Trading is on track and we're comfortable with the guidance for that segment.
Peter Oleksiak: We're still seeing more fourth quarter. So a lot of this is tied to releasing reserves related to either power or gas delivery, which will happen and start happening in the fourth quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, Choice, we have a 10% cap so we're at the cap. There was a little bit of increase in Choice just from some organic sales growth from those Choice customers. But essentially, year-over-year we're the same.
David Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 16. We're off to a very good start in 2011, and we are confident in our guidance range of $3.40 to $3.70 operating earnings per share and very comfortable with our midpoint guidance. All businesses are on track, as we laid out, to deliver their targets. As Nick just explained, our cash flow and balance sheet metrics are also on track for our 2011 targets. We have a very constructive regulatory environment in the state and we're looking forward to a reasonable outcome in the Detroit Edison rate case later this fall. We're making significant investments that we've laid out for you at both our Utility and our Non-Utility businesses, which will fuel our 5% to 6% long-term earnings per share growth. And on the growth front, we are excited about the opportunities that we see at both the Reduced Emission Fuels and the Gas Midstream business and we will keep you updated on that, including a deeper dive at the Fall EEI Conference. So we're pleased with our performance through the second quarter and we believe that positions us very well to achieve our goals for this year and beyond. Thank you for joining us and, Connie, we will now open it up for questions.
David Meador: What we have laid out was that, over time, we are going to prove up our properties, our remaining properties in the Barnett. There might be some small monetizations this year, with larger monetizations next year. And I still think as we play out this year, there could be some small sales that we do on the Barnett Shale as we continue to prove up those properties. We have some properties there that are more mature than others. So we are looking at the possibility of some small sales this year but most of that would be in 2012 and beyond.
David Meador: No. No. When you change a law like this they restructure -- one of the several things the governor has done in his first 6 months is, they changed the business tax law in Michigan to make it more favorable for businesses and you have to revalue your deferred tax assets and liabilities. And that's just the net of that basically flows through your income statement as a onetime benefit at the parent. There's no cash immediately related to that, so it's just an accounting adjustment that is a onetime adjustment.
David Meador: Going forward, actually, the way it plays out for us is a slight tax increase. It's small, kind of $15 million, but that...
David Meador: No, that item's immaterial. The one thing that we continue to watch is LIEE heat dollars at the Federal level and concerns that LIEE heat could be reduced over time and the impact on our customers. But that's something that we continue to advocate, to look to get our customers that can't afford our product, to get them as much assistance as possible and work with them.
David Meador: There's a slide in the appendix, which is the slide we've been using for a while, but we had -- just to back up a little bit. This is an additive, it's a pre-combustion process that reduces 20% of NOx and 40% of mercury. And we have 5 machines right now and we have 2 under construction, and it's possible that we could have additional machines. And we would only build additional machines beyond the 7 to the extent that we have a host site and contracts. We're not going to speculate and build machines which -- any additional machine has to be in service by the end of the year. We would only do that if we basically had contracts lined up to be able to do that. And we're working that right now, so it's possible that there could be an additional couple machines beyond the 7 that we're talking about right now.
David Meador: It's $15 million to $20 million. Some of these might have a working capital component that comes with it. And then the 5 original machines, again, that's just -- to back up, as a reminder, those 5 had to be in-service by the end of 2009 and that tax credit runs for 10 years. And now any additional machine that we put in service this year would have a 10-year life on it also. So we're looking right now to get potentially additional machines in place. And by the end of the year, we'll know how many machines we have. And then the next question that you should have is how many tons would you be pushing through these machines. And we will be in a much better position to give you some insight into that, especially when we start talking about our early outlook for 2012. But overall, when we got into this, we gave you a wide range and you can see on Slide 20 in terms of the forward year net income, everything we're doing right now is giving us a real sense of comfort around that base-case line, which up to now, we were tentative. We had to wait and see. It's possible we could go beyond that base case over time. But that would play out over time, predominantly from the relocation of some of the original 5 machines.
David Meador: I think that's fair. I'm not sure I would assume any tonnage right now because as we get the machines in place, there's a wide range of how many tons would go through each machine. And again, I think by the time I get to EEI, I'll know, first of all how many machines I will have, and I'll have a sense of all the host sites and what the range of potential tons are. And we will be in a position then, I think, to give you a little bit more insight into the range of tonnage that will run through these machines for the next 8 to 10 years.
David Meador: EEI, I think it's going to be -- it's the next time that I think we'll be in a public position where I can talk to you about how many machines there are going to be in total because by then, they're all contracted and in construction. And some of them will actually start to be -- starting to ramp up. And then we can talk to -- the second wave of activity for this business will be activity that will play out next year, which will be focused on potential relocations of some of the original 5 as we really try to optimize this by getting things sited where we can get the most tons through them.
David Meador: They're working on it. The one time comment I would have is that the governor, the new governor in state of Michigan has been focused on other things. As we indicated, they completely restructured business taxes here. They were also working on a budget process that kept them pretty busy through June. And at the same time, one of the things that we've observed of this administration is their knack for selecting talent. So they really, really have been focused on getting the right people in the right jobs. So I think they're working on this right now and we would expect an appointment, hopefully, in August. And I'm not concerned about this at all. We have nothing imminent right now. The Edison rate case doesn't really play out until later in the fall and we look forward to the appointment and the new commissioner and doing what we have always done, which is building a constructive relationship, not only with the new commissioner but continuing that with the current staff and commissioners.
David Meador: The PFT data's August 12 and then the MPSC order has to happen by the end of October, the 28th. And what we've seen in the past is the pattern where it's -- usually the rate cases are being finalized several weeks before that, which gives us time to work through the tariffs and also do the programming for billing. So even though the order date has to be the end of October, we're expecting something, hopefully, in mid-October and we'll have to wait and see how that plays out. My other comment I just wanted to make, we've seen this in the last couple of cases where we have several moving pieces. An example would be decoupling and whether the decoupling mechanism changes, how customer Choice and the tracker around that is handled, and other trackers. So when this case comes out, it's very possible on day one, the press release from the MPSC and the economics are slightly different than how it might really play out through our income statement. So as soon as that order comes out, we will get out to you all as soon as possible, to kind of take you through the various pieces because it's a little bit more complex than just a straightforward rate case.
David Meador: So we talked before, first of all, in our properties, that we are getting wetter gas than other areas. So we get a lot of natural gas liquids. We are also pursuing basically what is known as the oil play there and we are actually drilling predominantly to focus on wet gas and oil. And we believe, with very high oil prices, that's going to help us in terms of our exit point. But I wouldn't comment or speculate on valuation right now, other than to say this is going to be very helpful to us, as we try to monetize this over time in an environment where you have low gas prices. But right now, what you see basically from producing wells is we get about a $2 in MCF lift out of a combination of NGLs and oil.
David Meador: No. We don't have any plans. I'm aware of what they're doing and it's interesting to watch this play out in terms of implied value, but we have no plans right now to exit that business.
David Meador: Right now, what we've seen is there is not a lot of appetite to look at this in the current administration or in the legislature. The view is that we're early into the new law right now. Even the Michigan business chambers come out to say we're only a couple years into this and there's really not a lot of energy in terms of exploring this. So we're aware that there are out of state marketers that come in Michigan and propose that the cap should be lifted, but there's not much energy around this issue at all. The Governor and his administration and the legislature are focused on much more important issues as a they try to drive Michigan's economy here back to a healthy state.
David Meador: As you know, we have a pilot program going on right now and the pilot was expanded because of the DOE grant. So we're doing between 600,000 and 800,000 meters. And when we are done with that DOE grant, we're going to stop and take a pause. We're seeing very positive benefits from this in terms of reductions in O&M. But at the end of the day, we need to evaluate just to say if it's the right thing for customers. So sometime next year, we'll take a pause and we'll evaluate the program and announce at a future date whether we would expand beyond the current deployment that we're doing right now.
David Meador: No, sometime in 2012, I think, we'll make a decision as to what we're going to do over the next several years.
David Meador: I just wanted to thank everybody again for joining us and we appreciate your questions. We look forward to seeing you all at the fall events. Our next public event that we'll be out speaking will be the Barclays Conference in the second week of September. And then. As we've indicated. At the fall EEI is where we'll be giving you some insights into 2012 and then the 2 projects that we talked about, the REF projects and the Bluestone project. Thank you.
