Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 10 in the first quarter earnings result. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings are $0.91 consistent with reported earnings. Detroit Edison contributed $0.56, and MichCon, which was affected by the unusually warm weather, came in at $0.31. The Non-utility segments combined earned $0.13. The drivers for the Non-utility first quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.10, Power & Industrial Projects to $0.05 and both Energy Trading and Unconventional Gas Production at a loss of $0.01 each. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.09 in the quarter.  Let's move to Slide 11 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are down $32 million for the quarter. Detroit Edison's operating earnings are $96 million, down $1 million from the prior year. I'll cover more details on Detroit Edison in a moment. MichCon, which typically has a strong first quarter, had operating earnings of $52 million, down $31 million from prior year, with 2/3 of its variance due to the warm weather in 2012 and 1/3 driven by colder-than-normal weather in the first quarter of 2011. In other words, the whole variance is due to weather. Our Non-utility segments in total are down $3 million, driven primarily by the change in our earnings at our Trading segment. Similar to our gas utility, our Trading business was also impacted by the unusually warm weather. In particular, this impacted our full requirement services transactions, which historically has produced solid earnings. In the first quarter of this year, we saw weather that was close to 3 standard deviations. We price our full requirement deals and has the physical commodity assuming some weather volatility, but not to the extreme as we experienced.  So in the first quarter, the business saw lower margins and lower volumes and with long and towering gas hedges in the low-priced markets. Page 21 of the appendix contains our standard Energy Trading Page, which show both economic and accounting performance. In addition to the lower margins on the existing deals, the level of economic margin and new deals was also down this quarter in comparison to the same period last year. Keeping on the same page and moving to the Power & Industrial projects, this segment was down $2 million. Last year, in the first quarter, there was some lumpy earnings related to the early extinguishment of an outside energy contract that shows up at the year-over-year variance. As Dave indicated earlier, our growth plans for the P&I business are on track and we are comfortable with achieving the full year guidance in the segment and are driving towards the upper end. Gas Storage & Pipeline earnings are up slightly from the prior year due to the growth in the pipeline transportation revenues. Finally, Corporate & Other was up $3 million from last year due primarily to the refinancing activity done last year at historically low interest rates.  Now, I'd like to turn to Page 12 to walk through some quarterly details for Detroit Edison. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison are $96 million, down $1 million from prior year. There are a lot of ins and outs for this segment this quarter. Margin for the quarter is up $9 million, driven primarily by the 2011 rate order, partially offset by warmer winter weather.  In the supplemental page that we provided with the earnings release, you will see that actual sales for the quarter are down 3% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. This decline represents the impact of weather on the electric-related heating load. Absent the weather impact, load was relatively flat for the quarter and we are forecasting approximately a 1% increase for the total year. Industrial sales were up 1% in the quarter, which is a continued indication of the improving economic activity for Michigan. Another item to note is O&M for the quarter impacted earnings by $8 million, primarily due to increased weather-related customer restoration activities and an increase in benefit expense, which we anticipated with lower discount rates.  That concludes an update on our earnings for the quarter. I'd like to turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Peter B. Oleksiak: There was an impact last year in the first quarter. If you recall, we did talk about it, it was with -- we had an original unit down at our Fermi site that we took a charge, really, at the retirement accounting that we took there.
Peter B. Oleksiak: When I look at that, that's the one that's kind of popped on the statement, is that retirement charge last year.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. The decoupling that was implemented at the gas utility was really a usage on base. Decoupling -- actually weather did flow through that decoupling mechanism, so it really is kind of working as designed. The weather does flow through.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Kevin, this is Peter. There may be some lumpiness in the remaining of the year by quarter, and a lot of that, it is -- we have to roll on accounting which we reserve and then release as the deals are done. And so -- but as Dave said, if you cannot take the remaining of the year, looking at historical level of activity, we're comfortable with the low end.
Peter B. Oleksiak: This is Peter. Let me take you there. The impact of the leap year for the total year is pretty immaterial. It's one extra day in the quarter, so there's probably close to 1% impact in the quarter. But by the end of the year, it's noise. So when you looked at it -- and I know you'll see in the supplemental we provide the actual sales, and I'll take it really class by class. First, the total actual sales were down 3%. Now the residential sales were down 5%, and I'll say that was predominantly weather. If you temperature normalize that, it'll be relatively flat in the quarter. And then on the full year for residential, we are looking at a relatively flat. And our energy efficiency programs really are targeted at that segment. So that's our assumption right now, it'll be flat in a temperature-normalized basis. The industrial sales -- actually, this class is pretty weather insensitive, and it was up 1% for the quarter. Now for the total year, right now our projection is there's a 2% growth for that. So that 1% actually is in line with that and maybe a little bit higher than we're anticipating from a run rate perspective. The commercial sales was down 3% in the quarter, and once again we look at that as all weather. We do see a little bit of uplift and the temperature normalized in the quarter and then the full year. It's about a 0.5% that we're going to be anticipating on a temperature-normalized basis.
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is correct. And one thing if that if you -- all in, I think I did mention that, it's about a 1% all in before energy efficiency. Then if you -- that impacts about 0.5% for us.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Well this is something that we -- in our guidance a full year forecast. And storm and restoration costs are typically lumpy throughout the year. But when you look at it on a total year basis, there's some consistency. So when we do our planning process, we look at basically recent history and averages around that. Having said that, we did see larger than traditional in the first quarter, and actually, weather-related about 3x as many customers were impacted. Some of this ties back to that warmer weather that we saw that really impacted the MichCon business. But we did see some increase storm activities that we normally don't see in the first quarter.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, from an income perspective right now, we are accounting that we do not have an RDM, so any type of load increase or margin increase would flow to the bottom line. Having said that, we did have weather impact the first quarter for Edison. So even this year, the load increase, I would look at it really just offsetting that first quarter weather.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 18. As with many in the industry, the first quarter of 2012 was a challenging one. However, we see this is as an opportunity to improve as a company. When we talk to our employees about our goals for the company and the challenges we face, we talk about working to make DTE Energy the best operated energy company in North America and a force for growth and prosperity in the communities we live and serve. So this is an opportunity for us to get better at everything that we do. And I have confidence, as we've seen in the past, that our employees will help us get there. Additionally, we continue to make investments necessary to drive our long-term growth and we look forward to sharing more details of our plans at AGA in early May. We're scheduled to deliver our presentation on Monday, May 7 at 2:15 p.m. Mountain Standard Time or 5:15 p.m. for those in the Eastern time zone that might be calling in. Now with that, we'd be happy to take questions now, Corinne.
David E. Meador: Yes, let me take these one at a time, and I might get some help from Peter and Nick as we go through this. So if you look at what's going on with low gas prices and then the impact on coal and think about DTE, actually one of the things that we've enjoyed over the years is our portfolio businesses do have different drivers, and because of the way we're contracted and so on, it's really worked out well for us. So you take the midstream businesses as an example, where we have long-term contracts with tenors of 7 to 8 years on the Pipes & Storage. And there's not only no impact there, we're actually seeing an opportunity near term on short-term storage deals. If you went over to the Power & Industrial business, there's really no impact related to coal prices and the Power & Industrial. And actually what we're seeing is some opportunity to sell some of our coke battery output that was not contracted for. In longer term this gas price environment actually is an opportunity for that business, and I think you'll hear Gerry talk more about that at AGA. But a low gas price environment would give that group an opportunity to look at some new growth opportunities down the road. And then when you go over to Barnett, I think we have to stop thinking about this as gas play. If -- right now we are drilling specifically for oil in the Marble Falls and 80% of the revenue is coming from oil and natural gas liquids. And so we are exiting that business, but we are exiting on oil and NGLs, not on gas.
David E. Meador: Correct. The -- basically, what the court said was that the 2008 law was very specific about authorizing gas decoupling, but was silent on electric. And the -- so the judge concluded that the MPSC didn't have the authority, so that -- I think the way you have to think about it is there is no decoupler right now. And again, we'll have to wait for the MPSC to take a position. Whatever happens would be a perspective issue anyways. Unless, for example, if the MPSC decided to appeal and the Supreme Court overruled the judge, then this could still be in place. But we don't know exactly what the MPSC will do. And if they did appeal, it's uncertain whether the court would hear it. And if they did hear it, ultimately what the outcome would be.
David E. Meador: No. Not at this time. As you know, we've laid out our environmental program at AGA, I think Gerry will be talking a little bit more about the ongoing testing we're doing with DSI. But right now, when we look out going forward, our environmental program as we see it is not going to change.
David E. Meador: Midrange and possibly slightly above midpoint. If you did the walk down here you'll see that MichCon were driving to the low end of the range. Gas Storage & Pipelines we -- as I indicated, we're seeing some opportunity in some near-term storage deals, and we're going to work hard to drive that to the top end there. The Power & Industrial business, we see driving to the top end also there.
David E. Meador: Well, we'll certainly talk more at AGA. But our sense right now is if you look at historical numbers for the remaining 3 quarters, we feel that we will be able to get to the low end of the range. You got to keep in mind that what we saw in trading here was specifically weather driven, something that we see it really 1/3 standard deviation of that around RFS deals. And so there would be no -- I view that as a onetime event, not a recurring event.
David E. Meador: We've said before, the counterparties that we're talking to are Midwest utilities. And we've also said, we know there's some other competing similar technology, but we are also making progress on the 4 relocations. And again, I would expect an update at AGA, but if you look at 2012, just backing up, there's 9 machines, and 5 basically are driving the earnings for this year. And then we're going to relocate the 4, and we expect to be able to give you more insights on the 4 at AGA. But think about the 4 as the driver to 2013 earnings and not 2012.
David E. Meador: Well, the upside in Power & Industrial businesses is coke sales that we hope to be lacking in soon. But we've also said to the extent we can accelerate -- there's a timing issue on the 4 relocations. If you accelerate, we'll pick up additional tonnage this year.
David E. Meador: Yes. The ball is really in their court, and I don't -- because they're taking comments right now, I don't think they've indicated what they're going to do. So if this is appealed, it's likely going to be appealed by the MPSC.
David E. Meador: Right. I think that's the right way to characterize this. We -- as we've said, we were happy with the revenue decoupling mechanism to address energy efficiency. We think going forward, you could address energy efficiency through another mechanism. For example, you could have EE tracker that works with an incentive program that gets you to the same place. I don't know if they'll consider that or not, because again, I think right now we're just in our comment period. And then if we did not have decoupling, we've also said that even though it's slightly makes the risk profile for the company is higher, we have always had the ability to file rate cases and self-implement. And because of the level of capital, we'll be in regular rate cases. So we were okay with the decoupling mechanism. And if there wasn't one, we would be okay also. But we'd be very interested in something that would specifically address energy efficiency.
David E. Meador: It's really too early right now. We do have a liability accrued on the books. And what the MPSC might do, for example, whether they would appeal, whether the Supreme Court would hear this, what the Supreme Court ultimately does -- I think we've just taken a position. It's too early to speculate on what might happen with that liability. And as we get more insights to that, certainly we will know in May what the MPSC's position is, then we can provide you more color on that.
David E. Meador: I'll start, and I'll ask Nick for help here also. I think Detroit right now and we have a great governor and mayor that are working together to work through this issue. And I am more optimistic about not only Michigan but more optimistic that Detroit is going to pull out of its issues than I have been in a long time. We're seeing real interesting economic development. We're seeing a lot of young professionals move in to the city, and there's some real positive signs. If you look at us directly, Detroit has a -- is a very, very small piece of our business. The city itself is current on its bill, so I don't see any direct dollar risk there. And it's just something that we do what we could to because it's part of our corporate aspiration here, to be part of the growth in Michigan and Detroit, to do what we can do to be helpful with both the city and the state.
David E. Meador: Well, on the coke, we just have a small portion of coke that is not contracted because those coke batteries are contracted out through 2014, '15 and '16. And so there is a small portion that was open that we're going to take advantage of current prices to lock in. And the way to think about it, it'll help drive that business to the high end of their guidance is what it will do. And then on REF, we are actively negotiating with potential host sites. And I think by the time we get to AGA, Gerry will be able to give you more insights on that. But we have objectives to have those machines relocated during this year, basically, to be in place to help drive 2013 earnings. And right now everything looks like it's on track.
David E. Meador: I don't think this requires or anyone would want to go legislative relative. That would be a lot of heavy lifting. I think it would be a lot easier -- if they choose to do it, it would be a lot easier to just to adjust a regulatory mechanism. So again, I don't know what direction the commission will take on this, but you could modify the energy efficiency incentive program that's already in place just to account for the over and under energy efficiency load. As an example site, it will be much easier path to handle this through a regulatory path and not ever go legislatively.
David E. Meador: No, we'll have to get back to you. So I suspect you're going to find it's a number of small things as we continue to press on cash and make sure that we're optimizing our cash flows.
David E. Meador: Well, thanks, again for joining us, and hopefully we've laid out the year for you. We're pretty confident with all the actions that we're going to take on the revenue and the cost side, that we'll be able to deliver on our commitment of $3.80 per share. And as a reminder, again, for those that won't be at AGA but would like to listen in on the webcast, it's on Monday, May 7 at 2:15 Mountain Standard Time or 5:15 for those of us in the Eastern time zone. And thank you. And for those of you that'll be at AGA, we look forward to seeing you there. Have a good day.
