David E. Meador: Thanks, Dana, and I apologize for that music while you were on hold there. We'll get a better selection next time. But good morning, everybody. This is Dave Meador, and welcome to our 2011 Year End Earnings Call. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you to read the Safe Harbor statement on Page 2, including the reference to the forward-looking statements. And with us this morning is Gerry Anderson, our Chairman, President and CEO; Peter Oleksiak, our Vice President and Controller; Nick Khouri, our Vice President and Treasurer; and Mark Rolling, our Director of Investor Relations. We also have members of the management team with us to call on during the Q&A session if needed. And with that opening, I'll turn the call over to Gerry.
David E. Meador: No, I'm not sure I would read that into this. We are -- have been shifting acreage at the same time as part of what happened here, so the focus is really just been on the oil in particular, so we actually have been drilling in different places. And also, these reserve numbers are a 5-year projected number under the SEC calculations. So I would not look at that as much as I would be more inclined to look at Slide 32 and just see where the revenue and reserves are by oil and NGL.
David E. Meador: We have. So as I've said, year-to-date, we're with this mild winter. We were off about $8 million, and that's baked in on our guidance, it's assumed in our guidance right now. As you saw, we took our guidance down from the EEI 5 million and we're going to work offset the remainder.
David E. Meador: Yes, there's a slight amount that you would take it down to. So it might, over time, push it down to 1%, all in, 1% to 1.5%. We also would expect as the Michigan economy continues to recover here, you're going to see it's -- just more natural low growth.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes, we are talking to a range of plant sizes, so you could be talking to plants that are in the 3 million to 4 million ton range. There are also plants that are up in the 8 million to 10 million ton range. And to your point, depending on where you end up placing them, if you ended up with a collection of them that were toward the high-end, you'd strengthen the outcome and they all end up at the low-end, it would weaken it, which we don't expect. And what we've got in our projection here is a mix of those. We end up with something in between the high and the low-end.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes, the whole premise of this monetization has been that there's an oil-rich zone at Marble Falls beneath our properties. The wells that we're drilling, the oil wells are producing very good results, really attractive returns and we're able to hedge in prices at the wellhead now at about $100. As you can see, a lot of the revenue does come from oil and the vast majority of it -- the rest is from NGL. So anybody looking at this -- in this environment in particular is going to be focused on oil and NGLs. And that's a good environment for that.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yes, we saw 5 million in January, we're projecting 3 million in February. We aren't through February yet, but it's warm, has been everywhere. So that's what we think the impact will be. And as Dave said, we're going to work some of that off and some of it shows up in a bit lower guidance.
Gerard M. Anderson: On the PTC, we have a requirement at 10% by 2015, so we will continue to invest and make that happen. We're right on track to make that happen. So what it really raises is what's the ultimate cost to the customers. And the most recent round of investments that we saw when you're able to internalize PTC, we have projected wind cost in the $0.0625 range. But if you lose a PTC, it takes us up a couple of cents. So you're going to be more like $0.08 to $0.085. So that's the real question, the investment will happen but PTC lower the cost of customers. And then on choice legislation, we had some discussions of that last year. It really played out late in the year with the review in the Senate Energy Committee, where they took a broad look at the laws that were passed in 2008 and how they felt about them. And if you go and look at the findings of that committee, what they essentially said was done a full review. We like the way they're working and we're going to stand firm. And if you go into the administration with the Governor and his key aides, I think not only is their focus elsewhere, they don't see any modification to the regulatory constructing Michigan as a priority either. So I feel good about the political climate for that.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, we're looking towards moving into that midyear and would try to wrap up by year end. Sometime this summer, we'd kick it off and try to wrap up by year end.
Gerard M. Anderson: We didn't. but I will provide a quick one. We continue to be encouraged by the DSI testing results. We are a little bit delayed. A couple of units that we were using for DSI testing ran into operational issues. We have one of the units down per period that delayed our testing. So we are a couple of months behind where we hope to be at this point with the testing. But everything we're seeing suggests that we're going to have good success with that. Were trying to. But we do need to finalize the testing on the remaining units to determine that, that, in fact, is the case. So instead of being done by early this year, we're probably going to play this out through the first quarter, early into the second quarter before we have a clear read on it.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, there still is a bond around these earnings and it's driven by the plants that you end up siting them at. So as I was saying earlier, if you'll site the plants at larger -- resite the units at larger power plants, you play into the upside and the opposite is true if you end up with a string of smaller plants. So I think we're going to -- we'll have a better feel for that as this year plays out, and we'll be able to get people clarity as we start to actually firm up where we're going to relocate these units. The other thing you saw on those charts and for earnings and cash flow is projected as they drift it up over time, and the reason for that is that the tax credits inflate over time. So that continues to be true. What we're giving you here is you can probably see is kind of the middle of that band as we enter it. But we'll know a lot more about precisely where we're going to land within the band as we get these units sited.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, no. We do have an off-ramp that's cost related for our renewable investments. That was one of the provisions of the RPS when it was put in place. If it got too expensive, you just stop spending. But we do not see that happening with the investments to date and our projected cost of future investments suggest we will be able to invest -- to hit the 10% without the production tax credits. Actually it makes it more expensive. But our experience with the production tax credits, we had a small amount of wind going into production in the state. Early on, that was about $0.11, then it went to $0.09, then it went to $0.06, and this was all due to technology evolution. The turbines went up higher, the blade profiles were changed. And so we've gone from capacity factors on these turbines that were in the low 30s now to the low to mid 40s. And so -- and that, as you may know, capacity factor is a really big impact on the -- that's for kilowatt hour delivered out of these units. So even with the production tax credit potentially going away, we think we'll be able to think we have a high degree of certainty that we will play out the investments and the technology evolution has been helpful to make that happen.
Gerard M. Anderson: We're looking at -- for one thing, we're investing $100 million a year in energy efficiency, and so that's peeling out part of the growth. It's a good thing. We're supportive of that. It's helping manage affordability for customers, but it's probably 1% to 2% a year over and above that.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, great. As we said earlier, we really appreciate you being with us this morning. Look forward to giving you updates as the year progresses on the plan, but we do feel good about what lies ahead this year. Look forward to talking to all of you soon. Thanks.
