Jerry Norcia: Sure. Great question, Shar. So at this point in time we're continuing with the full size of the economic response plan of $120 million that we talked about in Q1, and we're doing that for several reasons. One is the - how this pandemic will play out for the balance of the year still is not a certainty. So we want to hold on the contingencies to accommodate any possible eventualities there. So that's one. And two, as you mentioned we are deep into the planning process for 2021 and feeling pretty good about 2021 with the results we're seeing now, and our abilities to pull forward expenses and create contingencies in 2021 across all of our business units.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. Sure. We - let me start by the distinctive features that this business offers to us and our investors. We like the business. It's created a lot of value for us over many years. We have some high value organic growth locked in for the next three years at approximately 10% earnings growth per year. We're positioned in two basins that will experience significant supply growth. And for the 10th year in a row, this business is exceeding our expectations. So we have really top notch commercial and operations team there. In terms of selling, the market valuation is really at an all-time low, when you look back even before the shale revolution. So it really doesn't feel like the right time to sell to us, although we're always looking for ways optimize the portfolio and create value for our investors. And if another investor put significantly greater value on this business than our current investors that we would definitely consider it. In terms of ESG, Shar, we have initiatives that drive towards net zero for a lot of these businesses and they continue to add value to our investors in that way both in our gas LDC business, as well as our - our pipes business.
Jerry Norcia: It's certainly creating a positive environment, Michael for both LINK and for Nexus, if you recall the Atlantic Coast Pipeline kind of draped over our LINK assets and some of our shippers were counting on ACP to move their volumes East, while I think that LINK certainly becomes a fundamental outlet for some of those customers in that region. And also getting that gas to market positions Nexus quite well for that. So we're starting to see - continue to see more and more activity on Nexus, which is positive.
Jerry Norcia: Well, it certainly will help. There is no question about that. I think we mentioned in our last quarterly call that we're starting to see some of our customers transition from seasonal contracts, that contracts that push beyond one year, and we're seeing more and more of that activity. We've actually seen some favorability in pricing as well in the first and second quarter and lock that in. So the asset is performing right on top of our pro forma at this point in time. And all of these positive developments will only help that going forward.
Jerry Norcia: So as supply has come off fundamentally in some other basins, like for example, the Permian Basin, which is an oil driven basin with associated gas, the - the replacement of those suppliers, as we start to see temperature, normal weather in the winter will have to come from two basins that can grow, which is the Appalachia Basin, which we're well positioned there with our assets, as well as the Haynesville. They are the two most attractive basins to increase dry gas supplies. So I think we're really well positioned for those assets. Now, as you know, we are contracted long term. So as those basins continue to grow, it should create some nice upside for us in the plan going forward.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So let's start with the expenses. Those are very much in line with what we expected, and just give you example of couple of those are DTE protective - protection equipment for our employees that was significant incremental expense that - that we had forecasted would be there for the balance of the year. That's tracking on plan. Of course, significant cleaning operations that are required for both vehicles and facilities. That's tracking on plan. So those are two examples as to why COVID expenses are tracking to plan. And as you mentioned, sales are tracking better than plan, especially in the residential sector, where we see a significant amount of margin generation compared to industrials. But even our industrial load and commercial load is slight - tracking slightly better than plan. So all of those are the fact that we're on plan with our cost and ahead of plan with our sales as - on essentially normal basis, just creates strong tailwinds for our financials this year.
Jerry Norcia: '21, as I mentioned we're deep into the planning process for 2021, and using the strength that we're seeing in our utilities and our non-utility businesses that contingencies for 2021. So I would say, we're very well along in our planning for 2021 and feeling very good of the long term guidance that we provided as it relates to 2021.
Jerry Norcia: I would say first of all, we're on track with the cost reduction plans that we talked about in the first quarter, the $120 million of net income that we're seeking, well on plan, tracking every month, every week. We track the plan on that. We're in fact using some of the strength that we're seeing in sales both due to weather and some of our residential load to help build contingencies for 2021. So I would summarize by saying this way, we're shaping up to have a really strong 2020 and more to come on that in the third quarter, as we start to see this pandemic unfold a little more and also shaping up to build a strong 2021.
Jerry Norcia: 2021 feels like it's going to come in strong for GSP. The LEAP pipeline that was built into our original planning to come into service in the third quarter. So it's come in a little early, which is - which is - well in August, 1st of August, start of the third quarter. So that feels good. So we feel very confident in 2020 plans and are actually working to use some of that strength to build a successful 2021.
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, we've used the - the pandemic as a reason to pursue cost reductions in the pipeline business as well. And all of those cost reductions are benefiting 2020 certainly, and we'll look at what of that we can roll into 2021 as well, so that we can create greater strength for contingencies for 2021. So feeling really good about the two years, 2020 and '21 in that - in that business line. We've also seen some incremental activity both volumes and price in our first pipelines, as well as our storage assets. So that's been very good as well for 2020.
Jerry Norcia: We're starting. We are really starting to probe into hydrogen as a possibility. With our very large network of pipelines and storage assets, hydrogen could become a very interesting way to store renewable energy in our pipeline system, the storage assets, as we - as you can blend so that's amounts of hydrogen into the natural gas stream. But it's something we're starting - we're starting to think seriously about and also thinking about some early opportunities to commercialize our potential.
Jerry Norcia: I am - there is an order from the MPSC ,the other day, they left it open that we could look at tracking some of these costs. And I think that was a great example of how the MPSC is willing to collaborate with us and ensure just a constructive environment here. So they haven't approved the deferral of any additional cost for COVID, but they left that opportunity open for us to make informational filing, if that's necessary. I think as you're hearing with the warm weather and the tailwinds from economic response plan, I think they realize we may be able to avoid these additional deferral costs as well.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So Jonathan, I'll take that one. At the highest level, we're watching bad debt expense and arrears on a daily basis. And interestingly, we're preparing for a much more significant impact year-to-date but that has not happened. We're just not seeing a significant movement in bad debt expense and arrears right now. We're seeing modest movements even on a seasonal basis. And we attribute that much to what you described, which is there has been some significant amount of government stimulus that's been brought into people's hands to - in order so that they can pay their bills and continue with their business operations even. So that's been quite helpful. And that's been very different than the last time we went through an economic crisis, where we saw our residential customers and small businesses deeply impacted and that turn into bad debt expense and arrears. Now going forward, we obviously remain in a conservative posture, as well as we have a deferral account that will help accommodate the protections for our customers to enforce, if that was to change in the future.
Jerry Norcia: We're tracking right on plan with each and every week. It's something that we track. So we're delivering the 120 on a ratable basis for the whole year at this point in time.
Jerry Norcia: So, Chesapeake is not a customer of ours, so that will have no impact on our plans, as far as our other counterparties, they all appear to be in really good shape and are delivering on our commitments to us contractually. So we feel pretty good about the posture that our shippers are in at this point in time.
Jerry Norcia: So I think it's a great question. We have not walked away from our investment lean plans, as you described. So in times of favorability, we move to an invest mode, where we start to invest in maintenance that what otherwise have been done in subsequent years or we go lean. So initially here we went lean in a significant way sort of a deep lean if you'll of $120 million target that we have, and we're holding on to that right now. And also starting to think about how we can use some of the weather favorability to create pull forwards for 2021 and create contingencies for 2021. So there is a lot of pieces here that are coming together sort of our current lean actions that are tracking to plan, as well as weather favorability that we're seeing that we'll likely use to create headroom and contingencies in 2021.
Jerry Norcia: James we put our team sort of dedicated to the exact profit and we’re in the middle of trying to understand how much of that 120, I can tell you into '21 and beyond in a long term basis. So we're definitely going to try and capture as much of that as possible. I don't have a definitive answer for you today. But I think as the year goes on, we'll have more and more answers on that as to how much that we build in to our future plans that will help customer affordability, as well as help advance some of our capital plans there that are necessary for our customers.
Jerry Norcia: That was a pass through David - fundamentally that's what it was for July and August. We were seeing favorability in our power supply recovery factor. And so we tried - decided to pass that on to our customers during the peak usage months and we - that was very well received by the commission as well as our customers.
Jerry Norcia: We're expecting that to come in online sometime in September, so middle to late September, and we've been able to pull that toward to August 1st, and you know the benefits of that will flow through our financial plans. Capital was under budget. We haven’t disclosed that just yet as we work through with our partners to make that understood and address all of that.
Jerry Norcia: It is. There is some benefits that are accrued to both parties depending on the final cost results. So we're working through all of that. But I can say this, it's certainly beneficial to us and beneficial to our customer.
Jerry Norcia: I would say all of our pipes business both the utility pipes, the utility has significant transmission and storage asset, as does GSP or non-utility and the Internet business. And I think, clean hydrogen, like you said, it is quite some time away, but we're starting to look at ways that perhaps we could start introducing products and services in both those entities. And then, as it relates to P&I, we're already in the renewable natural gas business. So we're developing a great understanding of that product, as we move forward with projects, as well as we're looking at potential opportunities for carbon sequestration. So I would say, the last two hydrogen and sequestration are early. But we're certain to work more deeply to understand what potential market opportunities there could be in the near term and medium term.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we see our opportunities, Andrew going forward. I think you'll see in our later filings this summer, as it relates to our voluntary renewables program, you'll see that will be dominated by solar. We don't see much wind in the future at this point in time just for economic reasons. Solar costs have come down significantly. The tax credits associated with that business also provide significant competitive advantage, as it relates to wind. So we see most of our renewable development in the future being solar. We sold about 7 higher megawatts of voluntary renewables which is well above what we were forecasting. So you'll see our next filing later this summer try to address some of those supply needs that we've, which will be approximately 400 megawatts.
Jerry Norcia: That's correct. We'll be seeking approvals for another 400 megawatts of renewables later this summer.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you everyone for attending this morning. As you can see, we've had a great first six months of the year and setting up quite nicely for our results in 2020, and starting to build for our 2021 plan. So thank you again. And I hope to see you soon.
David Ruud: This is Dave. Yes, we are consistent with our '20 to '22 equity plan still and look to balance issuances over that period. This year we've already issued about $70 million through some internal mechanisms and were range for the year now.
David Ruud: Sure. Yes, DTE Gas, we experienced some, some really warm weather in the first quarter that we're still trying to overcome. So we did have some cooler weather in the second quarter, but started to offset that. But we're - we're really working on the - our ERP plan there to try to make that come in as good as it came this year.
David Ruud: Yes the non - the non-qualified plan, again that was we made up most of what we lost in the first quarter there. And so when you look at that versus 2019, it was - it was around a $10 million difference upside for us. And then the one-time item that was related to our property tax settlement for prior years with the local municipality and that was around 15 million after tax net benefit and some of that benefit will continue for us into the future as well.
David Ruud: Our goal there is really just to give investors a clear view of the quarter. And so we - we do have some COVID costs that are ongoing, and we know that, that will continue and Jerry talked about those things like PPE, enhanced cleaning. However, we did have some costs that were very one-time and non-recurring. So in the very early stages of the breakout in Southeast Michigan, we're really trying to ensure that we kept our employees fit and safe, as we were trying to learn more, so list of things like hotel stays to keep our team safe. So we - we realize those would be things that wouldn't be recurring. So we wanted to break those out separately. And they were - they are just not - not cost either that we were discussing as deferrals with commission on those - on those costs either.
David Ruud: Sure, I can take the weather part. Yes, we do break out weather impact in the deck. So if you - on Slide 21, so you can see Electric, we saw $18 million of operating earnings favorability in the quarter and got a pretty much to flat on weather for the year. And relative to 2019, that was about $31 million favorable. We also saw some favorability at gas because it was cooler, the first part of the quarter and that was about $10 million, but for gas we're still down for the year on whether overall because we had a really warm first quarter.
David Ruud: Sure. I can - I can take that. You're right. As we accelerate the amortization of ADIT regulatory liability about 108 million, that will give us the earnings without the cash. But part of the offset of that was our notification that we're going to file for securitization filing early in 2021 that would include some of the securitization for our tree trimming surge and the net book balance in our River Rouge. So that will help us remain roughly in the same cash position overall, as we get that securitization.
