David Ruud: Thanks, Joi, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 8 to review our first quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $346 million. This translates into $1.67 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix.  I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $194 million for the quarter. This is $93 million higher than the first quarter of 2023. The main drivers of the earnings variance were lower storm costs and rate implementation, partially offset by higher rate base costs and the onetime O&M cost reductions we implemented in 2023.  Moving on to DTE Gas. Operating earnings were $160 million, $11 million lower than the first quarter of 2023. The earnings variance was driven by warmer winter weather, higher rate base costs and the onetime O&M cost reductions we implemented in 2023, partially offset by higher IRM revenue in 2024. If you remember, we had a very warm winter last year, and this year was even a little warmer than last year and was the fourth warmest on record. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $8 million for the first quarter of 2024. This is a $19 million decrease from 2023 due to an outage at one of our renewable plants in 2024 as well as the timing of RNG project earnings and steel-related sales. We continue to be confident in our full year guidance for Vantage as the shape of earnings will be notably higher in the back half of the year, driven by the timing of earnings for some key projects in our custom energy solutions and renewable portfolios. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading finished the quarter with earnings of $5 million. The favorability to 2023 is primarily driven by performance of the physical gas portfolio which was higher in 2024 as well as continued stronger margins in our physical power portfolio. With these stronger contracted margins, we could experience some upside, though maybe not to the same magnitude as last year. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable by $22 million quarter-over-quarter due to the timing of taxes. Overall, DTE earned $1.67 per share in the first quarter of 2024. While we have faced some unfavorable weather through the first quarter, we remain confident in achieving our annual operating EPS guidance range as we continue to plan conservatively, and we are not facing the additional $200 million of incremental headwinds that we were facing from a less than optimal regulatory outcome in the large ice storm in the first quarter of 2023. Our planning for warm weather coming into the year and our efforts to rebuild headroom after experiencing a warm weather this quarter, leave us in a strong position to achieve our EPS goals for this year.  Let's move to Slide 9 to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. Going forward, we will continue to invest heavily into our utilities. This customer-focused investment is supported by our robust cash from operations, which is shown on our cash and capital guidance slide in the appendix. Due to these strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan, targeting annual issuances of $0 to $100 million through 2026. Our long-term financial plan incorporates debt refinancing and new issuances to fund our capital investment plan and is consistent with our 6% to 8% operating EPS growth target. As we came into the year, we had parent company debt financing at our plan. To date, we have hedged or issued about 80% of the debt financing and we did it at all-in rates below what we had in our plan, making us confident that our full year 2024 debt financing plan will be completed within our conservative planning assumptions.  We continue to manage future issuances through an active hedging program and other opportunities that mitigate interest rate variability consistent with our 5-year plan. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit rating and solid balance sheet metrics, and we target an FFO-to-debt ratio of 15% to 16%. Let me wrap up on Slide 10 and then we will open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Our robust capital plan supports our customers as we execute on the critical investments that we need to make to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation while focusing on customer affordability. The 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint, and we continue to target long-term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions. 
David Ruud: Actually, I think that's exactly right. We'll -- our 5-year plan was consistent with the IRP. The legislation, the IRP, we're really close to each other in this 5-year period, but there will give us some additional opportunities as we look beyond that. 
David Ruud: Well, I'll say that our strong cash flow generation and our strong balance sheet allow us to do this capital investment with that minimal equity. And we've said that 0 to 100 kind of fits throughout our 5-year plan that you're at 100 on equity. And a lot of that was because of the IRA and we have a lot of cash coming in from the IRA and the tax credits from the IRA. So we're confident in the capital we have in the plan that we're going to be able to stay within in the equity that we've talked about as well as keep our FFO to debt at that 15% to 16%. 
David Ruud: Yes, Nick, we -- as you said, there are some good tailwinds in our Vantage business that we're seeing from tax credits related to both RNG and to our Custom Energy Solutions business and also, we have some good growth in that area as well. When we get to the end of the year, we'll talk more about '25 and beyond and how those tax credits will come into our plan. But what we do see is that it does give us some more flexibility and some additional confidence in the 6% to 8% as we go through these years. And -- and then as we get beyond some -- still some really good confidence in the long-term 6% to 8%. 
David Ruud: Durgesh, this is Dave. As we came into the year, we did have some contingency for weather. And then we did see weather in the first quarter, as you can see. But as we see that weather, we work right away to rebuild what we can to make sure we're in a good position for the summer. And then -- so we've done that -- and then we also have our lean and invest where we saw last year, we can go deeper if we need to and doing things that we will need to do to make it. So we're in a fine position going into the summer, and that's when the real weather will happen for us. 
David Ruud: Andrew, I'll start by saying this year feels a lot different than last year. We had weather last year, too, but we also had the storm in the first quarter in the rate case. So we were in a very different position this year. And we did a lot across the company to achieve what we needed to do last year. Some of those reductions continue naturally into this year, but for the most part, those were all onetime savings from last year. So we're back into what I would say is our normal efforts on productivity and efficiency improvement, putting into place our lean and invest as needed as we continue to manage affordability and ensure we're going to deliver for our customers. So I'd say it's more into the normal DTE mode of productivity and efficiency improvements. 
David Ruud: That is all consistent with what we budgeted it, and it will all reverse by the end of the year too. 
David Ruud: It was unplanned. It actually started last year and it is resolved. So it's coming -- it's back online for the rest of the year. 
David Ruud: Yes, we did see residential up quarter-over-quarter. I would say that for the year, we're expecting it to come in on plan and probably pretty well consistent with last year. We have a lot of energy efficiency we do and that and the growth kind of work together and will be fairly flat to last year. 
Gerardo Norcia: I was going to say in terms of Vantage, certainly, we like that business, but if the opportunity presented itself where we could deploy some recycling of capital and create incremental shareholder value, then we're always looking for those opportunities share. So if equity needs were to change and may make it more impactful, if you will -- but we don't see that right now. 
Gerardo Norcia: Maybe I'll start again, and my team can add to it. But we've started in a much stronger position this year with the absence of $200 million of headwinds -- incremental headwinds that we experienced last year. And we are deep into planning for 2025. And what we're looking to do is really try to create opportunities to improve the levels of headroom for 2025. I mean this is our typical planning process. When we start to feel really good about the current year, we go deep into the prompt year. And I can tell you, we're deep into it. We're starting to feel real good about '25 and putting that together. As far as key milestones, both the gas rate case and electric rate case that come late this year and early next year, these rate cases are pretty straightforward in the sense that they're all about capital, capital deployment and really continuing to rebuild and enhance both the gas infrastructure in our electric infrastructure to be more reliable and cleaner. So much of what we're requesting from our customers is to support those investments and we've seen support for that in the past. So we feel pretty confident about our 2025 year plan coming together nicely. 
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So Jeremy, I'll just start by saying, look, we like those assets, they've created extraordinary returns for us and great cash flows, and we still see a strong pipeline of growth. And as we -- we're in the market all the time talking about value. And I can tell you that at this point in time, based on our long-term plan for value creation, we don't see the opportunity to create incremental value above what we could expect now the assets are extremely accretive, but we always look to create incremental value over our long-term plan. And we don't see that opportunity just yet. But if it presents itself, we will exercise that opportunity, I assure you. And again, we're in conversations all the time with the market. There's obviously lots of dialogue that happens in this type of marketplace. 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, what I would say that is our voluntary plan continues. I'll just replay this that we have one of the largest voluntary renewable development plans in the country based on the size of our company and that continues to exceed our expectations. We currently have about 2,400 megawatts signed and a 2,500 megawatt goal for the next 5 years. So you can see that we're getting very close to having to update that plan. So I would say that's one update that we will provide as we roll forward the next 5-year plan. In addition to that, if the IRP becomes more aggressive as we move forward beyond the current 5-year plan, so I think we'll see some tailwinds from that in the plan as well as we roll it together. So those are the opportunities that we see longer term and near term in renewable energy development plan. 
Gerardo Norcia: So the short answer is yes, but maybe I'll describe this in sort of more global perspective for DTE. I would say both our utility, electric utility and Vantage are well positioned to pursue these opportunities with data centers here just right here in our backyard and also with Vantage beyond our backyard. But in Michigan, let me focus on Michigan for a minute. We have great access to water, favorable climate conditions and power plant sites with large land positions and grid access that I think will be very attractive and is very attractive to the [ centers ] that we are having conversations with -- we're seeing significant interest, and we're engaged in discussions. And I will say this much changes on the legislation that exempts the sales and use tax. And as you know, you may recall that the house here in Michigan proved the bills in a bipartisan way, they're awaiting approval by the Senate. And the governor has indicated a great willingness to sign those bills if they come to her desk. So I believe that we're well positioned in Michigan with both the electric utility and Vantage that could provide on-site energy services. So we're -- we're having those conversations, they're early, but the opportunity is sizable. 
Gerardo Norcia: In terms of prospects for settlement, David, we've got a lot of interveners in this case, and we will do all we can to settle. But again, as Joi said, since this case is really primarily about capital deployment and well understood and well known agendas for capital deployment. We're confident that even if it goes to its full course in terms of litigation that we will get supportive outcome. I think the commission has a strong track record in that way and also the administration supports these investments and knows that they're extremely important for the state to pursue economic development and also provide more value to our customers and our citizens here in the state of Michigan. So we're feeling pretty good about how it's progressing. 
Gerardo Norcia: We could, Durgesh. And certainly, we will. Again, I don't want to hinge too many hopes on a settlement. We will do all we can to settle. I think -- but as we saw in our last rate case, we weren't able to bring all the parties together for various reasons and sometimes that happens. But our opening position and our desire is to settle, but we're also confident that we will get supportive outcomes in the event that there is not a settlement. 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, I would say, Sophie, thanks for the question. I mean we are undertaking a historic transformation here at DTE. As we think about the way we deliver energy, our wires business, the way we're transforming the way we produce power over the next 5 years. And as you can see in our capital plan, we have $25 billion in our 5-year capital plan with more than 90% of it directed at our 2 utilities, and we also continue to transform the way we deliver natural gas, and that's well underway. Now in terms of affordability perspective, you can see we're extremely well positioned with our bills to our residential customers being well below the national average. Our goal is to maintain that position. And the way we maintain that position is, as you described, a lot of these investments are pointed at assets that will reduce cost, for example, as we continue to improve reliability in the electric wires business. We'll start to see our trouble costs and storm costs that fundamentally will start to decline. And that will help finance this as well. And that's just one example. Even the transition from coal to natural gas and renewables, that's creating significant cost reductions, operating cost reduction. So a lot of our CapEx will yield lower operating costs, which will obviously be transferred to the benefit of our customers. In terms of revenue growth, we see several of opportunities as we look forward, a lot of discussion in the industry about data centers. Certainly, that will help as we start to land those and we need enabling legislation to get that done. We also see EVs even though they've slowed down a bit, we're still connecting 1,000 EVs a month or more which is encouraging. And we see that growing, and we see the big 3 here working heavily to bring new models to bear. And as a matter of fact, just quickly here, I was on a video call with the President of General Motors. And he was testing a new EV on their track here at Milford. So lots of development activity still on new EVs and bringing those to market. So I think we'll see that help finance some of these investments. So I would say 2 things, just to summarize, very significant capital agenda, $25 billion over the next 5 years, $50 billion over the next 10 years. So if you're an investor of DTE, you should be really excited about long-term investment opportunities and the fact that a lot of this investment will help moderate bills over time. 
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, our investment thesis there is that we want to pursue high-quality investments with low risk and high returns. And we've been doing that, and that's working out quite well. But we want to keep it at less than 10% -- at 10% or less of earnings contribution as we look forward. And our utilities are growing so quickly that it does give us the opportunity to continue to grow Vantage as well. 
Gerardo Norcia: Great question, Angie, I'll take them one at a time. So in terms of reserve margins, DTE, when we filed our last IRP, we filed that with adequate reserve margins as we move through our coal plant retirements. And as you know, we've built a state-of-the-air combined cycle facility that's up in operation as part of our coal plant retirement plan. We are converting the Belle River power plant from coal to natural gas, which will be a dispatchable -- continue to be a dispatchable plant. That will happen in the '25 and '26 time frame. In addition to that, we've embarked on battery storage, which will provide us short-term dispatchability. So all of that fits into the portfolio between now and 2028. That works extremely well. As we near the end of that -- near the next phase of the IRP plan when we want to exit coal completed by 2032, we will need to build more dispatchable generation. And what we're pursuing there is current technology where we can use natural gas with carbon capture and storage, and we highlighted that in our IRP. So we do see more dispatchable generation in our future as we continue our exit from coal. That plant will also be available to burn hydrogen should hydrogen present itself as a viable resource and fuel resource. In terms of growth, very good question. What we see there is if some of this growth accelerates, we will need to build -- and the growth that we're looking at, like data centers, for example, are 24/7 operations. That will need generation that cannot be -- and power that cannot be interrupted. And so we will need 24/7 dispatchable -- more 24/7 dispatchable generation and renewable resources. So again, it will be a mix. It does have the potential for accelerating our next IRP should such demand present itself. In terms of impact to customers, we expect that those investments will pay for themselves and actually provide a benefit to customer bills to some degree. So that's our going-in position and we see that as very possible. It will also add value for our investors because those investments will be in rate base, and they'll attract the typical returns. So I think it's a win-win all around. 
Gerardo Norcia: Angie, it's too early to tell. These conversations, as I mentioned earlier are very early. They are sizable conversations in terms of the load that we're talking about. And again, we're really well positioned. But in terms of timing, we haven't gotten that far just yet. But I think that will come. I think the key catalyst here in Michigan will be this legislation that needs to pass on the sales and use tax. That's a big deal for the data centers that are considering Michigan and considering investing at some of the sites that we put in front of them. That should happen. We expect that to happen hopefully this summer. But with an election year, it is a volatile year, as you know. 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And I'll close by saying that we're feeling really confident about 2024 and of course, our long-term plan beyond that in terms of providing value for our customers and for our investors. Have a great morning. Stay healthy, and stay safe. 
