Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry and good morning, everyone. As Jerry said, we completed a successful financial year in 2021 and we are well positioned for this year and for our future growth. Let me start on Slide 10 to review our 2021 financial results. Operating earnings for the year were $1.2 billion. This translates into $5.99 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I’ll start the review at the top of the page with our Utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $864 million for the year. This was $51 million higher than 2020, primarily due to the implementation of rates from the rate case we filed back in 2019, higher commercial and industrial sales and additional renewable projects. This was partially offset by higher O&M, rate base costs and the tree trim deferral of $90 million pre-tax that we’ll be using over the next two years to further accelerate our reliability improvements. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $214 million, $18 million higher than 2020. The earnings increase was driven primarily by the implementation of rates partially offset by higher O&M and rate base costs. Let’s move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $176 million in 2021. This was $26 million higher than 2020, driven primarily by RNG earnings. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading had another solid year due to the strong performance in a gas portfolio throughout the year. Finally, Corporate & Other was unfavorable $32 million year-over-year. This was driven by interest income in 2020 related to the CARES Act refund which didn’t repeat. And in 2021, we incurred expense to opportunistically retire higher priced debt at the Holding Company, which will provide interest savings going forward. Overall, DTE earned $5.99 per share from continuing operations in 2021, representing 17% growth from our 2020 original guidance. So another strong year, putting us in a great position for the future. Let’s turn to Slide 11 to discuss our 2022 operating earnings guidance. We are well positioned to deliver another successful year in 2022. As Jerry mentioned, we’re raising our 2022 operating EPS guidance and narrowing the range to $5.80 to $6.00 per share. We increased midpoint of $5.90 per share provides 7% growth from the 2021 original guidance midpoint. In 2022, growth at DTE Electric will be driven by distribution and cleaner generation investments. DTE Gas will see continued customer-focused investments in main renewal and other infrastructure improvements. 2021 was a final year for our reduced emissions fuels business at DTE Vantage. Approximately $100 million of REF earnings net of associated costs rolled off last year. This is partially offset in 2022 by new RNG and Industrial Energy Services projects that will serve as a base for growth going forward. The Corporate & Other, the biggest driver in our year-over-year improvement is lower interest expense. This is a result of leveraging earnings and cash strength in 2021 to opportunistically we market some higher-priced debt. We also paid down parent debt proceeds from DTM’s debt issuance. This will provide interest savings in 2022 and future years. Let’s turn to Slide 12 to discuss our balance sheet strength. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan beyond the convertible equity units that we’ll convert later this year. But we also increased our 5-year capital investment plan by $1 billion. We have a strong investment-grade credit rating and target an FFO to debt ratio of 16%. And we increased our 2022 dividend by 7%, continuing our track record of growing our dividend in line with top end of our targeted EPS growth rate. We completed our liability management plan following the spin of our Midstream business, using the funds raised from DTM’s debt issuance to repurchase a little over $2.6 billion of corporate debt. This liability management plan was NPV positive, EPS accretive and further supports our long-term growth. Let me wrap up on Slide 13, and then we’ll open the line for questions. In summary, we achieved great success in 2021 across all of our business lines. We raised and narrowed our guidance range and are in great shape for 2022 targeting 7% operating EPS growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. Our robust capital plan supports our 5% to 7% long-term operating EPS growth by delivering cleaner generation and increased reliability for our customers. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns their investors have come to expect with strong utility growth and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions.
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hi. Yeah we continue to see really good trends across our customer classes. And so, if you look from ‘21 to ‘20, you know we were up overall about 3%. And what we saw is our commercial load and our industrial load really coming back to kind of mitigate any of the decreased activity we saw to COVID, we see that little more growth continuing across commercial and industrial, residential was still high relative to pre-COVID. We saw ‘21 had no real change from 2020 at those higher levels. We’ve seen that come down a little bit recently. But we’re still seeing right now residential load you know somewhere around 5% higher than what we would have expected pre-COVID. We do expect that to come down and taper off this year as more people go back to work and closer to how they did before.
Dave Ruud: Probably a little more conservative due to the residential load coming – coming down and tapering off as the year goes on. We’ve had really high residential in ‘21 so.
Dave Ruud: What we see is we see higher growth in these early years. So ‘22 and ‘23 at Electric and Gas that allow us to grow at 5% to 7% through the converts that come in this year, $1.3 billion of convert. And then it comes down to where EPS and our growth in our Utilities kind of match. So we have a little bit higher in these early years. But then as we get to the out years, you’ll see EPS and our earnings of our Utilities closer to each other.
Dave Ruud: Yeah, good question. In ‘21, we – we were a little bit higher than that, because we still have the cash flows from DTM and therefore part of the year but we will be getting to that 16% in ‘22 and going forward.
Dave Ruud: Even for our future or future builds, we’re seeing the supply chain constraints ease up now. So we – we’re going to be fine getting those two, pricing may be a little – little higher than what was a few years ago, but it’s going to be consistent with the rest of the market and also good for customers bill too.
Dave Ruud: Yeah really it was the latter you know as we – as we ended the year and – and we looked at our plans, we just gained even more confidence in each of the businesses and where we could come out and we’re able to bring up the bottom end of those.
Jerry Norcia: Sure, Constantine, great question. So, as you mentioned you know we’ve raised our guidance this year to 7% growth. And we’ve had a long track record of having you know best-in-class EPS growth in our industry. We’re also for the first time in almost three years, filed an electric rate case and are going to file an IRP in October, all of that will instruct our long-term capital plans, and – and also our long-term growth rates. So more – more to come on that.
Jerry Norcia: Sure, good – good question. I – what I’ll say is that, we’ve stayed out of electric rate case for almost three years at the Electric Company, and that was really in response to the pandemic, and making sure that you know we maintained affordable bills for our customers. This rate case that we filed is primarily about capital infrastructure. And that’s investing in our grid and preparing our grid for continued climate change as well as preparing it for demand growth from our EV – from EV adoption, as well as building for a cleaner energy future. So, it’s all about capital. If you had looked at our rate case file, you’ll also see for the first time in my memory, we filed for lower operating expense, which will make us distinctive – continue to make us distinctive in the industry.
Jerry Norcia: We’re certainly going to accelerate Monroe from 2040. You know, how far we accelerated from 2040 is something we’re having – doing a lot of analysis on and having a lot of conversation with our stakeholders on, but I think you can expect to see a significant acceleration. What limited is a – is really how do we ensure that there’s good affordability and also reliability. I mean, those are the two premises that we really need to nail here as we complete our – our acceleration plan to exit coal.
Jerry Norcia: So, Jeremy, the – the projects we’re pursuing, we’re still seeing high IRRs, unlevered IRRs in – in the mid-teens after-tax and simple – cash paybacks of three to five years going forward. And that’s all organic development, our latest projects actually were taken some of our biomass and biogas projects that we’re feeding small power units and converting them with RNG, that’s providing us a significant runway for future – future development as well. So we’re limiting that business as you noted 10% of our earnings growth as well as 10% of our overall portfolio. And it’s really pointed at complementing our ESG agenda. From an investor perspective you know 90% of our focus is really on utility growth. So I would say that’s the cake and the high cash flows and high returns from Vantage is sort of the frosting on the cake, if you will, for our investors. So, major focus on our utilities and obviously growing this business slowly and – and attracting really high returns.
Jerry Norcia: So I’ll just start that by saying that 5% to 7% is rock solid for us as a guidance for 2023. And we’re working on those plans now and fine-tuning those plans for 2023. And that’ll start to shape up and I think you could expect us to deliver similar results next year than we’ve been delivering in the past. In terms of the rate case, again, it’s the capital plan we’ve spent a lot of time with Commission staff, and the Commissioners themselves before we filed to really create a strong understanding of the investment that we were making in the grid, why we were making the investment in the grids that we are making, and also the impact on reliability. So there’s a strong understanding of what we plan to do. And if you’ll recall, last year we filed a 5-year plan, 10-year plan and a 15-year plan for the grid. So we spent a lot of time socializing our plans with the Commission staff and the Commissioners. So we believe there’s a strong understanding of the grid investments. And then with our renewable plans, much of it is voluntary – voluntary at this point in time. So again that’s – that’s well understood. So, that in combination with the fact that we’ve been out for almost three years, we’re – we’re feeling pretty good about delivering a constructive rate case outcome.
Jerry Norcia: Well the – yeah the $35 billion certainly the first five years are – are in our plan. The reason we put that out there is to show that there we have a very large inventory of investment opportunity. And that does give us the opportunity to pull forward our investments. So that’s – that’s really the opportunity. And I think you’ve seen we’ve got a pattern of increasing investments in our 5-year outlook every year that we – we update.
Jerry Norcia: That could potentially drive incremental investment we’ve assumed some level of investment obviously to harden our grid and prepare our grid for the future, but depending on how quickly that EV load comes on, in the out years beyond our 5-year plan, it could certainly drive acceleration of investment in the grid as well as investments in generation. I mean we’re seeing you know the placement of EV manufacturing facilities in the State of Michigan, they are highly energy-intensive facilities more so than traditional assembly plants. So to give you an example, a traditional assembly plant can consume anywhere from 20 to 25 megawatts of power, an EV assembly and battery plant, you’re – you’re talking north of 70 megawatts. So it’s – these are significant loads that – that will come to the state, in addition to the demand just from the vehicles themselves.
Jerry Norcia: So, Angie I’ll – I’ll start with that. I – right now, we’re seeing RNG business grow nicely, quite modestly in terms of the overall DTE portfolio. You know we’re – we’re generating anywhere from $7 million to $8 million a year of new net income from – from that business and the returns are really, really high. And as you said, the market valuation for RNG assets right now is pretty high, right. And so we’re constantly looking at our other opportunities to continue to optimize our portfolio. And – and so that’s really the work that we constantly do to evaluate who values that the most our current slate of investors or other investors, and I think you’ve seen we have a reputation of, if we see significant opportunity to optimize value, we’ll – we will take that move, but no plans at this current state to do that, as we see continued growth and high returns and high cash flows.
Jerry Norcia: Angie, again, I – what I’ll point to is that, and I think you’ve said it, we’ve been delivering you know extraordinary EPS growth results over the last decade, including last year and even this year you know where we’re forecasting 7%. Looking forward, this is something we’re examining where they closely, because we’re getting a lot of feedback from analysts and investors on what will your growth rate look like beyond 2022. And we’re doing a lot of work on that. We feel that the filing of the IRP in October, as well as you know we would be moving very close to – the conclusion of our first rate case of the Electric Company at three years, that’ll be very instructive and us laying out our long-term growth plans, as well as our long-term CapEx plans for this – for the company. So more – more to come on that, Angie.
Jerry Norcia: I would say that, yes, is the – is the short answer. We will need dispatchable generation and so you will see gas in our plant, you’ll also see an extraordinary amount of renewables. You’ll see battery storage in that plant. And you’ll also see demand response initiatives. So you’ll see many initiatives to replace that coal-fired generation. So gas will be part of it. We’re also looking very closely at enabling any new gas facilities that we install or propose that will have carbon capture and storage capability, as well as the ability to burn hydrogen.
Jerry Norcia: There is, actually at the Belle River Power Plant, which we pulled forward to 2028 in our filings there with the EPA and other agencies, we indicated that we would be using the Belle River Power Plant which is about 1,200 megawatts of coal right now, as a – as a gas peaker. So there is that opportunity and we view that as favorable for our customers, because one, it provides a reliability source and secondly, it allows the continued depreciation of plant for longer than 20 – well beyond 2028. And I think at Monroe we’re examining similar opportunities for either fuel switching or voltage support on the grid as well as using some of the existing infrastructure, we have to put some baseload gas down there.
Jerry Norcia: Also we’re seeing the contingency build – we’re starting to see the contingency build in each of our big business lines as well as we’ve had some really nice weather in Detroit.
Jerry Norcia: The most impactful program that we have, Andrew is our low-income self-sufficiency plan, something that we developed through legislation a little over a decade ago. And it’s pretty unique in the sense that the way it works is that, we look at a customer’s income levels and – and then apply a credit to their bills using federal funding and also some dollar – value that comes from our rate making. And what that does, it buys down the bill for low-income customers so that they’re paying you know, $75 a month or $50 a month depending on what they can afford. And the balance of that payment comes from federal or state assistance which we’re you know always bringing in for our customers at least about $160 million a year in terms of federal and state assistance to our customers. So that helps our customers keep their heat on and their lights on through the winter months. And it also creates a sense of dignity for our customers, because they’re also paying in a proportion of the bill. So that’s the most unique program that we have.
Jerry Norcia: Sophie, we saw some technology improvements over the last couple of years that drove costs significantly down in this arena. And we’ve adopted that technology for several of our projects in Wisconsin and even we’re considering it in the Dakota. So we have seen technology price movement. We have not seen anything recently, but it has helped with you know boosting our returns beyond our expectations by adopting some of this technology.
Jerry Norcia: We see you know significant adoption potential here in the State of Michigan. I think as you mentioned with our voluntary renewables, there is a strong desire to green the environment. And we’re seeing that with many customers, the large institutional customers as well as also residential customers. So EV adoption is something we’ve also started to see ramp up in the State of Michigan, it’s still quite small. You know last year, actually in 2020, we were seeing you know maybe several hundred a month now we’re getting close to 500 to 1000 a month of EV attachments onto our system. And that’s – that’s significant. So, we see a continued ramp there as new models are introduced. So there is – there is the ability to see the adoption and we expect that to happen.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. You know that’s a good consideration. What we’re seeing right now is that, most of the EV adoption, people are charging at home. And all of the feedback that we’re getting from the OEMs, from the large autos here in Detroit is that, the customer preference, 80% of the customer preference at this point in time is they charge their EVs at home, there’s a lot of convenience and being able to do that. And most of that will happen in evening. So that’s beneficial to our grid. So we see the early adoption of EVs as being very beneficial to us, because it won’t require a lot of investments. So the early years, the adoption, EV adoption will be quite good for our load and our margins and also help support much of the grid investments we need to make for the future. As you get deeper into EV adoption, I think you’ll start to see a significant amount of investment required on a grid to support usage throughout the day.
Jerry Norcia: I would say – I would say, Jonathan in order of magnitude was being predicted is that, in the 2030s – early 2030s about half of the vehicle sales will be EV sales. That’s how we’re – we’re building our – building our forecasts that you see.
Jerry Norcia: At this point, Anthony, we’re thinking it’s going to be at the time that we in and around the time that we file our IRP, because we’ll have a lot of our long-term growth plans, especially as we think about replacing our generation fleet laid out. And that’s – that’s the current timing that we’re thinking about.
Jerry Norcia: We have become – begun that dialogue with many stakeholders as it relates to our IRP. And you know the dialogue ranges from strong support around what we’re planning to do as well as, as you would expect people asking us to accelerate. So we view that as all positive and constructive. And it will help us build a really solid IRP that we file on October.
Jerry Norcia: Right. As you know, Anthony, we’ve never even come close to delivering on the lower end of that range. I think if you look at our track record, we’ve been at the top end of our range pretty consistently. And we strive to accomplish that each and every year. And if we don’t, we – we would be very disappointed. So that’s our plan going forward. We – we aim for the midpoint, but certainly we tried to do all we can with our plans to deliver the top end of that range. And I think you’re seeing that again this year. And if you look at the last decade, we’ve done that pretty consistently. So it would be pretty remote possibility. I mean, we’ve weathered you know economic collapses, we’ve weathered pandemics and not – and have delivered well above that 5% as you know.
Jerry Norcia: Well the – you know switching coal boilers to the natural gas is a good peaking resource, Travis, but not necessarily good base – baseload resource because of efficiencies you know the new gas turbines, for example you know they’ve got very low heat rates you know around 7,000. Whereas you know an old coal boiler might be up around 10,000, meaning you know just – it just means they burn a lot more fuel to produce the same energy output. So they’re good peaking resources, but they – it would be – they would be very expensive as a baseload resource. So we do see, at least at this point, more gas turbines in our future that would have carbon capture and hydrogen consumption capability.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, hydrogen I think – I think it’s a great question. And you’ve seen in our rate case that we filed for a hydrogen pilot that we’re going to start experimenting with using hydrogen – small scale hydrogen storage as well as hydrogen consumption in our new gas turbine, which is the Blue Water Energy Center in St. Clair County that will go into service this summer. So we’re going to start experimenting with the use of hydrogen to see how the turbine responds and also start to understand how to handle and move and store hydrogen. Longer-term, hydrogen is a good fuel to store electric energy, because it has high energy density. And also it’s – it can be blended with natural gas and stored in natural gas facilities to some extent. So we’re going to start experimenting with all of that so that we can understand it more deeply. And I know some of our peers are also doing that as well.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. And I’ll just close by saying that we had another strong year in 2021 as you’ve seen and I’m feeling really good about delivering a strong 2022 which will position us for the future and deliver premium returns for our investors both from an EPS growth perspective as well as the dividend growth perspective. So, hope everyone has a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
