Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on Slide 8 to review our second quarter of financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $171 million. This translates into $0.88 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I’ll start the view at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $186 million for the quarter. The primary drivers of the variance of second quarter last year were higher rate based costs, cooler weather, O&M expense timing, and the expected movement toward pre COVID residential sales levels. This was partially offset by the acceleration of the deferred tax amortization in 2022 that was implemented to the delay the filing of our rate case and keep base rates flat during the pandemic. The sales level change was consistent with our forecast and including our full year guidance. The higher O&M was driven in part by additional investment in the acceleration of our Tree Trim program. And some of the O&M was also driven by plan investment to ensure we continue to be well positioned for future years. The O&M timing variance will reverse in the second half of the year. I’d also like to remind you that in Q4 of 2021, we voluntarily implemented a one time margin deferral of $90 million to be applied to the acceleration of Tree Trim expenses over the next few years to further our reliability improvements. This is an expense that is non-recurring for the second half of 2022. So with favorable weather and strong first half performance, DTE Electric is in a solid position to increase guidance for the full year. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $6 million, $1 million lower than the second quarter of 2021. The earnings variance was due to higher rate base and O&M cost partially offset by the implementation of base rates. Given the solid position year-to-date at the gas company, we’ll be raising the full year guidance for this business. Let’s move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $28 million in the second quarter of 2022. This is a $6 million decrease from the second quarter last year due to the sunset of the REF business at the end of 2021, partially offset by higher earnings from the remainder of the portfolio. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading earnings were $7 million for the quarter. This is a decrease of $14 million from the second quarter of 2021, mainly due to the strong performance in the power portfolio that we had in 2021 offset by favorable performance and timing in our physical gas portfolio this year. Year-to-date energy trading is at $52 million of operating earnings, which is favorable to our full year guidance. As I mentioned on our first quarter call, some of this favorability is driven by strong performance and some is timing related due to strategic long positions that support physical positions that will occur in future months. While we do expect a reversal of the timing portion of this favorability, as we deliver on these positions, we are confident in increasing our guidance and energy trading to reflect a strong performance in the first half of the year. Finally, Corporate & Other was favorable $9 million quarter-over-quarter, which is primarily due to expenses we incurred in 2021 to opportunistically retire higher priced debt at the holding company. In the second quarter, we also saw the reversal of the favorable tax timing from the first quarter. Overall DTE earned $0.88 per share in the second quarter. Let’s turn to Slide 9. As Jerry mentioned, we are ahead of plan year-to-date, and we are increasing our 2022 operating EPS guidance at both DTE Electric and DTE Gas, primarily due to favorable weather. And we are increasing guidance at energy trading due to the strong performance through the first half of the year. Overall, we are increasing 2022 operating EPS guidance from midpoint of $5.90 per share to $6 per share. And we feel we are in great position to achieve this as well as continue to invest in our system to support performance in future years. Let me wrap up on Slide 10 and then we’ll take your questions. In summary, we feel great about our year-to-date financial results. We’re having a strong operational and financial start to 2022 and are increasing our operating EPS guidance midpoint to $6 per share, which provides over 8% growth from our 2021 original guidance midpoint. Our robust capital plan supports our strong long-term operating EPS growth while providing cleaner generation and increased reliability with a focus on customer affordability. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that investors have come to expect with strong operating EPS growth of 5% to 7% and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today, and we can open the line for questions.
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hey, Jeremy. Yes, I’d say things are going as we had planned or as we had thought it would. If you remember our residential sales were up about 7% to 8% over pre COVID levels, kind of at the heart of everybody working at home. And we’re seeing that trend down. We saw that a little bit in this quarter with about a 2% lower residential sales this quarter, and we think that’s going to continue to trend down a little more as people come back to work. And that’s what we’ve contemplated in our rate case and just assuming we get closer to those pre COVID levels. And we have seen commercial and industrial come back. And so we’re flat overall, but we’re seeing as people tend to go back to work. We’re seeing some of that expected reduction in our residential sales, still higher than pre COVID right now.
Dave Ruud: Yes. We continue to – we see the impacts of inflation, but we continue to really work it hard to manage it to make sure it doesn't impact our plan going forward. We've had a really good success in the past of lowering our costs or keeping our costs down compared to our peers. And one of the things that we see is 85% of our spend is services and we haven't seen as much inflation there. So we're trying to manage that. And what we're doing really is looking at all of our long-term contracts, watching the market closely, extending some of those contracts, doing some bundling and some other bidding to help mitigate any of the impacts we see there. So we know the – we see the inflation. We feel it in – with the wages, but within our planning process, we've – we don't see it impacting our capital plans or our O&M going forward as we continue to find offsets for it.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we have been able to do some of that. Some of it was natural pull forward. We accelerated some of our tree trim expense, and we were able to do that because we – frankly, we had less storms. We were able to work through some of our tree trim that we've been able to pull forward. And then some of our outages or planned outages we were able to do a little bit earlier as well. So there is some of that, and that's what we're seeing play through in the second quarter.
Dave Ruud: But we are – we do feel like it's putting us in a nice position for 2023, the more of that we can do as well. So we try to manage a few years at a time here.
Dave Ruud: Ryan, that's a good question. You're right. We had another good quarter in trading and had a really good start to the year. So like I mentioned, we're at $52 million year-to-date in that business, and that's why we're confident raising the guidance from like you said, 15 to 25 up to 20 to 35. The timing impact is probably about half of that and the performance is another half. So we're seeing half of it that's really come out in performance. The timing could play out in two ways either with if we see prices come back or some of it just plays out as we deliver on the physical position. So if pricing doesn't come down as much, then there could be some favorability in that timing piece for the second half of the year too. But we're confident in the guidance right now.
Dave Ruud: The book ends are, if – well, we said it based on what we know we can achieve and what we think we can achieve. And so we see the performance part is right within the middle of that guidance. And then if some of the timing or the pricing doesn't play out in the downward way, then we can reach the high-end of that guidance.
Dave Ruud: Yeah, Steve, we looked at this before and we got to revisit it again just to go through how it could all work. When we spend time with it a year ago, we understood that we could – we think it could work on earnings basis. We can find ways to offset the earnings. It may have a little bit of a cash hit, but it wasn't that strong. Also want to look at how that plays into some of the renewable development projects and the accelerated depreciation. There is the other piece of that, but we were able to – as we were doing some of our analysis mitigate most of the impacts of what that seems like it could do.
Dave Ruud: I would say Anthony, the entire capital plan at both utilities is a fundamental tailwind that will move us through 2023. And we're pretty confident we're going to achieve our growth targets in 2023 because of the primarily driven by the capital plan at the two utilities. I think you'll see that our growth of both utilities is very healthy in 2023. And that's what will move us through. And also Vantage of course, will make its contribution in its growth. We're adding $15 million a year there. So all three entities are really going to drive us through 2023. And that dilution that you talked about.
Dave Ruud: Oh, that's something we can look to provide Anthony, show the growth that our underlying utilities maybe is the something we've shown in the past. So that's something that we can look at also.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we see, early in our plan as certainly incremental investments in renewables as well as batteries and also potential conversion of Belle River power plant to natural gas use. So we see those types of investments, Shar, coming into the plan and into view in the first five years of the plan. So those are the major areas that of opportunity that we see, and of course longer term we see significant investment in baseload generation potentially incremental renewables as well. So we’re getting pretty excited about how this plan is shaping up and we’re starting to get feedback from our stakeholders that is of course somewhat supportive. Some stakeholders want us to go faster. Some of them want us to go slower, but we’re feeling pretty good about how the plan is shaping up in order for it to be what I would say a resilient, reliable plan for our customers, as well as affordable and also valuable to our investors.
Jerry Norcia: I’d say Shar, thinking has not changed. If you look at how we’ve handled this thus far, we’ve retired a significant amount of coal already. We retired Saint Clair Rouge [ph] Trenton, and we’ve basically replaced those baseload generation assets, one for one with natural gas assets that we purchased, as well as the new power plant gas plant that we just built. And so we feel real good about our position in terms of having reliable and dispatchable generation. And I think you’ll see that pattern continue where not only will we build out renewable resources into our plan, but we’ll also have battery systems and we’ll have baseball generation in our future. That’ll help achieve our resilience and reliability as we look to retire Monroe sooner than what we had expected or a forecast that I should say.
Jerry Norcia: Shar start by saying that we’re always looking for opportunities to maximize investor value. In that business today, we see a strong – we have a strong line of sight to growth, especially in the landfill to RNG conversions. We’ve got a good inventory of those projects and those are still giving us mid-teens type of unlevered IRRs. So we feel really good about the growth but then again constant evaluation as to what’s the best path forward for our investors.
Jerry Norcia: Well, you’re right. It thought off the press. It’s interesting. And it was a good surprised last night. We’re not counting on any of this right now in our plan, but we think that there’s some good benefits and some good impacts to clean energy going forward. So we see the PTCs [ph] for solar actually PTCs for nuclear, and the increased value for carbon capture I’ll be on positive to help with this transition and really help with some of the things that we’d want to do in the IRP. So we’re going through and reviewing this. We had gone through it a year ago or whenever it first came out and kind of going back through and seeing what the impacts can be to our plan. But – so right now our plan didn’t contemplate at any of this, but this could all be good positive stuff for us.
Jerry Norcia: Well, first of all, I'll say that the results in the CMS case were constructive and very positive and supportive of the plan that we're looking to file. I will also say that in terms of assets, we're looking in the first five years for a conversion of an asset. So we will not retire any coal facilities at this point in time, likely in the first three to four years, but it will start to fall into likely the tail end of our five year plan and beyond, where we'll pull forward the future retirements, where we have to address undepreciated amounts through either conversion to different beneficial use or perhaps accelerated depreciation or take the option that CMS took. So, lots of options available to us that we need to finalize as we look to pull forward retirements, especially the Monroe retirements, which there's four units there, and we'll do that in a likely in a staggered way. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Jerry Norcia: I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Dave, but I would say we're really well positioned for 2023. I would say that our 2022 raised guidance still has, what I would call, very adequate contingency in the plan to address the balance of the summer and the fall. And we're also looking at opportunities to pull forward maintenance expenses that help build contingency into 2023, lots of work in that regard. In terms of the inflationary pressures, I'll ask Dave to comment on those and how we're handling those in the 2023 planning and beyond.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we're still looking through that. We looked at it in the last plan, too. And thought that it could be an advantage for even our plants in a regulated environment because of how it is still selling into the MISO market. So we're looking at that. It does have a phase out when the market price is high, but we think that it can be a nice backstop and really help with our customer affordability and as that comes in.
Jerry Norcia: Nicholas, we're very interested in settling and we're having those conversations now. I would say that whether we settle or it goes to a final order without settlement, we're feeling good about a constructive outcome. Yes, this rate case is primarily about capital investment, and that capital investment is very well understood. It's not about increasing operating expenses, it's really about deploying capital that if we feel the commission, the staff as well as the administration is very supportive of this infrastructure build out as it relates to renewables and baseload generation as well as significant investment in our electric grid. So I believe that, that capital investment is very well understood and valued by the interested stakeholders. So we expect a good constructive outcome, but would love to settle this, certainly.
Jerry Norcia: That's something we'll have to assess once we get the final results. Obviously, our desire is always to stay out as long as possible. But once we finalize, we'll have a better view on that. We are looking at in future rate cases, potential mechanisms, for example, trackers on capital that I would say is very transparent and very well understood, and that there seems to be renewed interest in that thought. So that's something that we may pursue in our next rate case.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I'd say, yes, you've seen there still is a lot of volatility in that area. We continue to manage things really tightly and have strict controls in there. But we're generally long in our physical position. We've had – frankly, we've had a really good year there. As we mentioned, we're at $52 million year-to-date in the business. But some of that is timing that we know will play out over the second half. But even with the volatility, there should be some additional opportunity there as well.
Jerry Norcia: Andrew, that we're getting subscriptions weekly. I would say that we're roughly around 5,000 to 6,000 customers that have signed up. So it's following a similar track as when we offered the MIGreenPower program on the electric side, so good interest. We're evolving the product, if you will, to try and attract commercial customers and industrial customers to the programs. So that will be the next evolution of that program. And when we do that, we will – we expect larger volumes. Right now, we're getting small volumes from residential customers and it's primarily a residential program, which is the way we started MIGreenPower. So we're going to continue to evolve that product as we've seen interest from some of our institutional customers and corporate customers that would like to enroll, so more to come on that.
Jerry Norcia: Too early to tell Andrew, but we're certainly seeing an interest in the product and as if you recall the product as really bio sequestration products, which are forestry products that we use as carbon offsets, as well as a small component of RNG. And so we'll have to look to be acquiring more assets to support what I would say, larger volumes, right? At this point in time, we've acquired assets in Michigan through third-parties that are in the forestry business that offer us those carbon assets and we're well supplied. And we're looking to see what the opportunities are for larger institutional corporate clients that would like to have this product. So more to come. It's hard to say if it'll be as big as the electric business, but I think it's three or four years to get that voluntary program on the electric side that really start humming and get significant interest in commitment.
Jerry Norcia: We're looking either fourth quarter or first quarter, fourth quarter of this year or first quarter of next year.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, we saw that as well Steve. It was – there are different business than us and that they don't have as many operating projects, but it did look like a really good opportunity and shows great interest still and great confidence in the RNG market going forward and the opportunity for additional development of projects. So it started to do a direct comparison of pricing, but was viewed as a positive in the market that there's still some strong in – still a lot of strong interest in RNG.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Steve, we – certainly we're encouraged by the tax benefits that the current plan could offer. We need to understand it clearly, but we've got a handful of projects that we're looking at early feasibility stage and in our service territory, as well as outside service territory. And these could be quite interesting with enhanced tax credits, especially the 45Q that we believe is being proposed to change in that. So more to come on that but could be quite interesting in terms of evolving potential investment opportunity.
Jerry Norcia: Well thank you everyone for joining us today. I'll just close by saying that DTE had a very successful second quarter and we'll – and we're feeling great about the remainder of 2022 and also our long-term plan. I hope everyone has a great morning and stays healthy and safe. Thank you.
