Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Jerry, and good morning everyone. Before I get into financials, I always like to give an update on my Detroit Tigers. Even though it’s cold here in Michigan, it’s warmer Florida. Spring training will be in full swing in less than two weeks and I feel really good about the Tigers in 2019 and beyond. We’re rebuilding the right way, we have some the best pitching prospects in the game, actually four of our pitchers in the top 100 prospects of Major League Baseball. Back to the business at hand, turning on to the financial results, I will start on Slide 7. DTE had a great year in 2018 across all of our business lines. DTE had operating earnings of $1.14 billion. This translates to $6.30 per share, a new high for the Company. EPS performance is a strong beat to our original guidance and you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let me start my review at the top of the page with our utilities. Our utility is great. Financial performance was driven by an extremely hot summer and a colder than normal winter. DTE Electric earnings were $669 million for the year, and this is $52 million higher than 2017. This increase was driven largely by a hot summer as well as new rates implemented. We reinvested a good portion of this favorable weather back into the operations to improve customer reliability. And more detailed year-over-year earnings variance walk for DTE Electric can be found in appendix. DTE Gas operating earnings were $159 million, and this is increase of $10 million versus 2017. The earnings increase is driven primarily by cooler winter weather offset by increased O&M expenses. Now let’s move down the Page to the third row to our Gas Storage and Pipeline business. GSP operating earnings were $233 million for the year, this is $73 million higher than prior year. The increase is due to lower corporate tax rate and favorability across all platforms. In the next row you can see that our Power and Industrial business operating earnings were $163 million. Earnings are $39 million higher than in 2017. This increase is due mainly to higher REF volumes and steel related earnings. Our Energy Trading business also had a strong year, producing $40 million of operating earnings. Earnings are up $20 million versus 2017. Our Trading segment had a particularly strong economic year as Gas portfolio. The $40 million in operating earnings this year is consistent with our average economic income over the past 5 years and is also consistent with our EEI disclosures or expectations from the segment in our 5 year outlook. And finally our Corporate and Other was $53 million unfavorable compared to last year due to the lower tax rate, higher interest expense, and a significant one time item in 2018. Inside the $122 million loss for the segment in 2018 is a sizeable contribution to our foundation and other charitable causes. This will enable us to continue to be a force for growth in communities for years to come. Overall, DTE had a great 2018, earning $6.30 per share. Let’s move to our 2019 guidance on Slide 8. Jerry mentioned in his opening remarks, we are reaffirming our 2019 operating earnings guidance from the early outlook we provided on the third quarter call. Our 2019 operating EPS guidance range is $5.97 to $6.33, with a midpoint of the range at $6.15. This is 6.4% higher than our 2018 original guidance. We’re also reiterating our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate from the 2019 guidance. We’re projecting another strong year for cash flows in 2019, which will help fund our robust capital investment plan. The details of our cash and capital guidance for 2019 are included in the appendix. Before I turn the presentation over to Jerry Norcia, I’d like to mention that our 1 and 3 year equity issuance plan has not changed for the one we provided you at EEI. This year we plan on issuing up to $250 million using internal mechanisms. We plan to issue $1 billion to $1.5 billion of equity from 2019 to 2021. Now, I’ll turn it over to Jerry Norcia to discuss the growth and investment opportunities and our business plan.
Peter Oleksiak: We’re in early stages of looking at that right now. We still do have some room in our pension plan. To get equity we’re at about 85% funded level in our pension plan. I’d say within the three year window, probably the back half of the year. And we’re finally looking at more ATMs attributables versus a big block equity issuance.
Peter Oleksiak: Right now our first order of business is to look to connect that pipeline to NEXUS. It does have the fact that NEXUS carries a very high pressure as it helps create some potential.
Peter Oleksiak: We had a contribution to our DTE foundation and other charitable causes. This is part of our strategy to be a force for growth and good on our communities that really sets us up nicely and as we have strong results for the year we like to do that. So this year we did and 2018 we did roughly about $20 million after tax.
Peter Oleksiak: It was incremental to plans, if you adjust 2018 results for that, you’ll see it’s in line with our 2019 guidance for that segment.
Peter Oleksiak: We’re - the deal is finalized and we do have confidentiality agreements in place and this is what our counterparty is comfortable with at this point in time.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, absolutely. I think that’s exactly our plan. That part of the [inaudible] is where every industry plays out. So it’s an area where I think there’s an opportunity for our producers tied to NEXUS to be able to deliver into that base over time through this pipeline. So it will be good for that industrial community and good for us too.
Peter Oleksiak: That’s correct. Very positive thing in our current regular rate cases that the commission has been very supportive of the capital that we’re planning on investing in the electric utility.
Peter Oleksiak: No, we definitely are committed to our ratings and we’re targeting to have a strong credit ratings that we have today. It gives us a lot of flexibility to have a strong balance sheet and it’s been proven out over the years.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we are positioned really well going into it. I just described the day for you. We did hit design commissions during those peak conditions and we moved about 4.5 billion cubic feet of gas through the gas utility that day, of which 2.5 billion cubic feet was destined for in franchise customers and 2 billion cubic feet we’re exporting to other interstate pipelines that serve markets as far as New York, Wisconsin, Chicago. So we were extremely well positioned to move gas on that day.
Peter Oleksiak: Andrew we did have flat sales 2018 versus 2017 when you look at the residential such in particular we had flat usage but we had customer count at very healthy 0.7% increase in our customer counts and so really there’s often energy efficiency, energy efficiencies definitely helping our customers. We do have targeted energy efficiency programs there.
Peter Oleksiak: We can probably get back with you Michael. My percent is, I know, we had a strong kind of midyear with a summer and then some of the flows of gases on that maybe some volume with some of our pipelines.
Jerry Norcia: So, we expect NEXUS certainly to be accretive, it does meet our returns thresholds for this business. So we’re happy with the returns. In terms of strategic value, it is four miles off to NEXUS pipeline, and our plan is to interconnect NEXUS to this pipeline. And that will provide significant market access for the NEXUS pipeline of over $300 million a day and growing as we attach new customers on that line. And we’ll create value for our shippers in the future.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. The deals that we closed just in the recent past will be tied to - we use various contracting methods to secure revenues. There is ability to hedge the product, there’s also ability to have long-term contracts. So we’re in a process of making all that happen right now.
Jerry Norcia: So Julien I would say our first-order dispatch we have a series of organic development opportunities that we’re pursuing. So that’ll be our first-order dispatch for capital. And yes, we do have additional flexibility in our capital plan to accommodate the organic developments. In addition, we’re always surveying the market for potential bolt-ons in and around our platform. We’d like for them to be contiguous just like the most recent one will become contiguous over time. So the order dispatches organic development, which we see the highest return potential from. And then acquisitions that have growth potential in them.
Jerry Norcia: We judge all it by the merits of the returns in economics. So I think we told investors last year that we were looking hard at an acquisition and eventually concluded, didn’t meet our return requirements, didn’t create value for us. So we walked away from it. This one we liked. And we liked the future growth potential. So this one will probably turn out to be an acquisition that’s been followed by organic growth, which usually release a really good result and dollars spent on acquisitions is not nearly as good a measure as value created through often organic upside which is sort of high value EPS growth. And we love that sort of stuff. So we can do more like the one we just did, we love to. There are good opportunities, the scale is comfortable with upside. Those produce really good value.
Jerry Norcia: First I’ll say that NEXUS is flowing at its current capacity and that will also increase over time as we bring more assets online as it relates to the upstream portion of NEXUS. In terms of connecting generation pipeline, it will provide a significant market outlet and demand source for the pipeline. So we expect that as we make those connections two things will happen one is, it will make the pipeline much more attractive for current shippers and also for our future shippers. And the question of could we accept all of that on the NEXUS the answer is yes.
Jerry Norcia: Good question, Steve. Obviously we’ve been watching that very closely on our platforms and all of the projections of the producers that we do business with are in line with our current guidance and our current forecast so we’re feeling really good about it at this point. Also I think we kind of see this discipline its entering the market as positive for the long-term with producers and in addition to that, we see there is a short-term phenomenon because the demand for the product is there. And I think as producers get healthier it will help to improve the I think the price complex for the producers as this has been - sets in.
Jerry Norcia: We are having some of those conversations, but I wouldn’t say any of them are well advanced, but there are potential synergies between the two businesses for sure.
Gerry Anderson: I’d say $350 million with the potential to expand that, is a really nice interconnection of market area load for this pipe. We’ve always said that that route across Northern Ohio which a line we had interconnection points all along that pipe. And from early on that we expected those to play out over time with load addition opportunities and we had struck a couple of those earlier, but this is one we really like instead of the as Jerry mentioned the deal itself which is fully contracted is accretive, but we think there is upside opportunity to this as we pursue growth in that area and it also adds opportunity for NEXUS clearly as we interconnect it.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think we could - we’ll probably have the acquisition obviously clearly in hand and we will probably have our thinking advanced about potential timing of interconnection and things like that. So we’ll give you what we can additional at EII.
Gerry Anderson: So without getting into not wanting to reveal stuff that’s confidential as a business, I’d say that we always have the offtake of these locked up. And then you can do fixed price contracts, sometimes fixed price contracts if you do or may not have the return that you get when you hedge them, so we’ve got some that are fixed price some that are hedged and you could take some of these open in the short term too if you feel like the short-term price dynamics and then hedge them later. So I think we’ll end up with, Shar, is a portfolio that we manage in that way with offtakes clearly locked down and then prices managed through contracts and in hedging to make sure that we like the predictability of it.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, we have 300 in the plan that we laid out for EEI. But we did talk at that time about the potential to go up. So I think with 280 signed up with another contract waiting in the queue, we’re sort of through the first 300 and working our way into the next 300. And this is an area we like, it’s obviously fulfilling a need for our customers, they want it. But it also is a way to move the State forward in terms of additions of renewable capacity, but do it in a way that isn’t rate based, it doesn’t work its way through rate cases, it works its way through this approved tariff. And so we really like this area and we’re going to continue to work with customers who have the goal to help accelerate things here in Michigan and to - there’s obvious value for these customers in terms of their own profile and what they can communicate to their customer bases. So it’s good area for us to work and we’re into the second 300 now. And as look forward I think there maybe upside of that as we continue to -- we’re working with our very largest customers but we have lot of customers. So we’re thinking now about how to make more of this.
Gerry Anderson: So that’s one of the values NEXUS can bring to this pipe is that it itself is very high pressure and that can create expansion capability and growth capability for this pipe alone.
Gerry Anderson: We had planned expansions and those are progressing as scheduled. So those will continue into this year for one of our large clients on that pipeline. The status of the pipe is that it’s performing better than a performer that we had described to our investors. So we’re feeling really good about that asset and it’s dynamics.
Gerry Anderson: You know, Angie, it’s - I think in M&A to say you’re done or not done probably wouldn’t be smart on our part because totally depends upon whether there’s an opportunity with really good value. And if we look at handful of them this year and there’s no value, we don’t do any. And if we look at them, which we do continue to scan the environment and we find one that we really like, we could do one this year. So it’s completely I’d say market an opportunity dependent.
Gerry Anderson: In our case it’s in our rate case that that discussion is playing out. So last year we did introduce the idea of it because we were filing the case. And if you look at the staff reactions to our case I think you’ll find the commentary around the infrastructure recovery mechanism is positive although they suggest that perhaps finalizing it should be done outside of a rate case. So with the opportunity for more definition of the details I guess should say that that could be the case. It’s possible that the commissioners will feel they have enough information on record to establish it, so that really - we will see through the finalization of the case. But if you’re asking how do we feel about continued quality of discussions around this at the commission? We feel good. We feel that there’s been constructive engagement with the staff and prior to the case with the commissioners on this. And that it’s set up for continued discussion. I think they just want to get it right. We have one at our Gas company, it’s operated very well. So that shows that a well designed mechanism can work well here in Michigan. And so I think the process we’re in now is getting the design right and getting both sides comfortable that we’re ready to move forward with this.
Gerry Anderson: So we have - we do have two sitting commissioners that we worked with for quite some time now. And they obviously can keep the commission flowing and active in the near term. That said, we do expect one appointment to play out shorter term and then the other would come after July when - I’m sorry will retire. And wouldn’t make any sense to be speculating or commenting on specific commissioners but I would just say that we’ve had inflow and outflow of commissioners and governors across many years here at DTE including the 10 that we mentioned earlier where our financial performance has been strong and steady and our job is to work really well with the commissioners that the governor appoints. We know the governor well, worked with her through her long career in the Michigan legislature, and since then, and we work closely with her on the agenda that she has for the state moving forward and I think she understands that the appointments to this sector, it’s big sector with heavy investment in the state, I think she understands how important these appointments are. So, I’m confident we’ll get a competent person.
Gerry Anderson: Price is fixed, we still want to be clear about it. We’re happy to be clear, they weren’t. So it is what it is.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think certainly we’re limited in what we can say and we may find that the seller is okay with us down the road being more specific. And if that’s the case, we will be.
Gerry Anderson: Yes. I mean I’ll be honest with you. If we never improve the pipe a bit, we’re happy with the returns, but value we always say the value in heat in these sorts of investments is what you can do with them once they become part of your portfolio. So, yes, happy with the returns from the contracts that are in place for the pipe where the belief that there is good value to create beyond that.
Gerry Anderson: Yes. That’s where we like to start. But you know I think what’s proved out over time is if you can buy and start there either construct and start there or buy and start there, the value comes from the options that it presents down the road.
Gerry Anderson: Our FFO results for last year played out stronger because of the cash flow and earnings. So we have a good strong FFO to debt and when you do that it builds in some strength and flexibility forward. So we’re probably in a better position than we were when we talked to you at EEI.
Gerry Anderson: And so we’re building and forward plans is very flat and it just isn’t growth we are counting out frankly we don’t want to sell the wrong label, we don’t want it. We want these energy efficiency programs to really bite for our customers because it helps manage their bills and their affordability to time when we’re making significant investments to capital. And that’s the whole trick here is to help customers keep their energy costs affordable while we really fundamentally reinvest in the assets and in our businesses. And so we’re driving that efficiency side hard. Now there are things that are growing and as Peter said getting customer count additions we got a lot of construction in the city of Detroit and so on and so forth. So they’re healthy signs but we are working the efficiency side of it hard.
Gerry Anderson: So Steve just to add to that as Jerry I think there’s producers are being encouraged by investors to show capital discipline and there has been this flip in the market from investors really looking for how fast can you grow production to show me cash flow, show me the healthy cash flow. And so they’re all being encouraged to show capital discipline. And that can that can wiggle things in the short run as Jerry just said we don’t see it for us it’s in line with our plan, but when you think about this longer term, the production is what it is. I mean the demand will be what it is from the power and industrial and LDC sectors and declines in well productivity happen every year and those need to be fulfilled. Those need to be backfilled the declines and the demand growth needs to be met. And so even though there’s capital discipline it’s really a short run phenomenon to get into the medium and long term and just dictate it by the realities of supply and demand. And so we continue to see the region that we are serving very well-positioned to continue to meet and grow as that plays out.
Gerry Anderson: We -- it assume we have into the segments we provided this disclosure around the level of capital spend, so it does some capital plan on each of those platforms and subsidiaries. And Jerry mentioned our first order business is Greenfield, but many cases instead of greenfield will do acquisitions occasionally out to all…
Gerry Anderson: We can have somebody get here there was nothing material or anything really that we took notice of. So if you’re seeing that we can do a tick and tact for you and just tell you what it was…
Gerry Anderson: We see some LED there, obviously, because our pipes flow hot and heavy and hard and certain times in the year like they have been this past month. And other parts of the year less so, so that produces some variation.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I want to say thanks again to all you for joining the call and for the good questions. As I said at the beginning of the call, I feel great about the year that we had in 2018, not only financially, but on a lot of other fronts that goes such a long way to keeping the context here in Michigan positive. And I feel really good about the position were in heading into 2019 both the start of the year and the plan that we have for the balance of the year. I think we’re really good position to deliver another good year and strong results for you all. And we look forward to providing you updates on all of that as we move forward. Thanks again for joining. We will talk to all of you soon.
