Shahriar Pourreza: So Jerry, just appreciate the tough decisions this quarter. I mean, obviously, you moved the language around the 6% to 8% growth rate but reiterated long-term fundamentals and you stepped a bit outside of the normal cadence as we think about the '24 early outlook. I guess, can you just maybe elaborate a bit more on your thoughts going into '24 as we think about the cadence of updates for guidance and CapEx? I mean, obviously, the rate case decision is a gating item for '24. Would that be the new base for long-term growth? And will you extend the growth rate into '28? Just a little bit more color would be helpful.
Shahriar Pourreza: Right. No, that makes sense. But just, I guess, curious like, obviously, this year had some anomalous conditions, right? So when you guide would '24 be the base and would you extend out? I guess that was in the question.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then, just -- it does thank you, Jerry. And then just lastly, the $270 million offset -- Yes, sorry, Jerry, go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just on -- lastly, the $270 million offsets, I mean, that's obviously a pretty impressive number. And you call the response out as being onetime kind of event. I guess do you anticipate under normal weather, the full amounts to be replenished? Or is there some carryover of savings through '24. I mean, I guess, is there a deferred maintenance that would need to come back? I'm just trying to get a sense about these cost cuts and also the potential read-through they may have on the GRC as you try to get this case over the finish line with some very tough intervenors.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. You bet Shar. Sure. So certainly, the fundamentals of our business remain really strong in the long term. The opportunity is to make a tremendous amount of investment in our grid and our transition to clean energy. Those -- the opportunity remains intact. We are awaiting the commission order and that will happen the first week of December. The next scheduled meeting is December 1 but it has to be essentially dealt with before December 10. So sometime in the first week of December, we expect an order. We feel is prudent at this point in time to post that rate order is when we will basically roll out shortly right after the order. We will roll out our 2024 guidance, our long-term growth rate and also our capital investment profile. And we'll do that for both utilities and advantage. So that's the plan going forward, Shar. We don't want to get ahead of the regulatory process at this point in time.
Gerardo Norcia: I was going to say the reason for that is because much of what's happened this year, as you said, we view as anomalous and onetime in nature and that's why we will go back to the original '23 guidance and build our growth rates from there.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you. So what you'll see is that much of the cost will flow back in. Some will stick. I think when you go through one of these periods of severe challenge, you always learn new things about your company. But much has to flow back in. So maintenance that wasn't critical this year becomes very critical next year that we can't continue to postpone. We've made that very clear in our final reply brief. And I think we'll see much of that flow back in. Some of that will stick will help for next year. And -- but we plan to plan to return to our normal planning process where we would anticipate certain levels of storm activity and certain levels of weather variation in our planning going forward. So that is our goal at this point in time.
Gerardo Norcia: Certainly. So as you know, we had a very successful integrated resource plan settlement and then we quickly transitioned to rate settlement discussions. I would say this, that the major agencies that would be involved significantly and representing the economic interest of our customers, we're at the table and we are moving towards settlement. But that was a handful of parties, key parties, very important parties but there was another 25 or so parties that were interveners in the rate case that essentially did not want to engage in rate case settlement discussions. That was unfortunate. But I think the practice of Michigan so far is not to pursue contested rate settlements. When you say what learnings are there, that might be something we have to explore in the future is the ability to pursue contested great settlements when you have the bulk of the economic interest represented at the table. Not a common practice in Michigan but a common practice in other jurisdictions.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say not. I think simply said, it was a reluctance to engage. I would say that the handful of parties that did engage, we were moving towards what I would call a productive outcome. So we are feeling positive until, I would say, the last moments of the discussions where there was a reluctance to engage by some of the other parties.
Gerardo Norcia: I think those trackers and deferrals have been pursued in the past, Durgesh and can be pursued in the future. Like as a matter of fact, I think our sister utility is pursuing some of that as well in their current rate case.
Gerardo Norcia: It is not in our current rate case at this point in time. But as Dave said, typically, we budget for one standard deviation and weather variances that deal with weather variances as well as storm activity variances. I think what was unusual this year is that we had a much cooler than normal summer lineup with excessive storm activity which is very unusual and very anomalous. And beyond our planning scenarios, certainly. When we think about the totality of it, we had about 30% our earnings challenged and we responded with a 21% response and so a pretty significant response in light of extraordinary challenges. So we view it as a very anomalous year.
Gerardo Norcia: So there's been a very positive set of interactions with Liberty. The exchanges have been very collaborative. They are requesting information which we're providing. I think the next series of steps is they'll conduct some field work as part of their tabletop exercise and we expect a report sometime next summer final report.
Gerardo Norcia: Jeremy, we're going to have to finalize all those details. I know everybody is anxious to get those details. But again, we certainly don't want to get in front of the regulatory process. What I will say at the highest level is all of the opportunities that we've discussed before that supported the long-term growth of our company are all there today. And what we need is strong support from the regulatory construct to support '24 and beyond for that matter. So we're waiting for a strong signal and we'll continue to move forward and execute these great investments for our customers. What I will tell you is that the governor, our customers our commission, legislators, every mayor I talk to are clamoring for these investments. This is something that our customers want. And the rate relief that we're requesting is not extraordinary. If you look at just the capital that we're deploying, some of the interest expense that we have to recover as well as the correction in the sales figure since May of 2020, we'd be looking at an increase of roughly 1.6% per year, well below national inflation rates of 5.5% since that period in time and well below some of our peers where they've seen over 5% bill growth since that period of time since 2020. So, we feel like we're delivering a very compelling and what I would say, competitive package to pursue for the commission and we're confident that we get strong support for the investments we need to make for our customers.
Gerardo Norcia: Typically, what we do is we look at our 15-year weather patterns and we build a plan off of that. Our rates are also built off a 15-year average, if you will. And then we build in a 1 standard deviation in weather for consumption. And in addition to that, we carry storm budget that's based typically on a 5- to 7-year average. So we'll we're revisiting some of that as we speak, because we've experienced more severe weather patterns in the last handful of years. So that will continue to track against those types of averages. So that's how we build our portfolio and we've been quite successful in delivering in the last 16 years by using that approach. And even in the last 5 to 7 years. And so we'll continue with that approach and we'll continue modifying it as we see patterns continue to change. And we roll forward our 15-year averages for weather and that's just temperatures that I'm talking about there, DDDs and HDDs. And then we'll also look at storm activity as it continues to build as it has, we'll continue to increase contingencies for that.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. No, great question, Julien. So some portion of $1.31 will be sustainable but I just want to make it clear that we're not slow in applying incremental costs into 2024. We will return to our normal levels of maintenance. As you know, over the many years where we had favorability in our plan. We pulled forward maintenance and banked it. So we were able to take these onetime pauses in noncritical preventative maintenance. And so -- but next year, we're going to return to our normal pattern. So I don't want people to think that we're [indiscernible] any kind of cost into 2024. We'll return to normal levels of maintenance expenditures. Hopefully, that helps.
Gerardo Norcia: That's correct. We're going back to our normal run rate that we otherwise would have had in '22 and '23 and return to normal maintenance level of expenditures.
Gerardo Norcia: I think 2 things, Anthony. You could go that route which is a more challenging route in terms of lifting ROEs but it's certainly a possibility, especially in light of rising -- continued rising interest rates there will be pressure to move ROEs up in the future. If this interest rate construct continues to get worse or it remains at the levels that it's at. But I feel that in the past, if you research our history, when we entered periods of very volatile storm activity in order not to whipsaw the level of investment that we can make in our maintenance practices and also capital deployment, there have been storm trackers that have existed in Michigan in the past. And to me, that could be a very viable path going forward.
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, I would say that we have an infrastructure recovery mechanism built into the current rate case request. If that's adopted by the commission which we hope it will be, we will be in annual rate cases until that builds into a large enough infrastructure recovery mechanism for our distribution capital primarily to keep us out of rate cases for longer periods of time. Like if you look at our gas company, we're able to stay out between 1 and 3 years depending on what's transpiring inside the gas company but it will reduce the frequency of rate cases if the commission chooses to adopt an infrastructure recovery mechanism, it will just take a couple of years for it to happen until that mechanism built into a large enough amount to track enough capital to keep us out for a while.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, certainly, we're very well aware of supply chain challenges with relation to transformers and switch gear and we've expanded our reach beyond U.S. borders and are bringing in that equipment from international sources which is working out quite well so far. We've done a lot of testing and a lot of investigation and due diligence over the last several years and that's taken some pressure off of our supply chain. So right now, we feel good about it, Andrew, in terms of how we're positioned to execute our large capital programs, both on the distribution business as well as the renewables business.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say realistically, Steve, our posture has probably gotten a little more conservative based on what happened last year. And all signals are positive. I mean there's strong consensus prior to filing the rate case with commissioners and even in their public statements, supporting large levels of investment into the grid and into renewables. We're also getting that from the governor's office where there's strong support for investments in infrastructure. And again, clamoring from customers, as you've probably seen, especially this summer wanting for us to invest and make the grid better and also support strong support for the clean energy transition. So we're likely in a more conservative posture based on the challenges that we've had in the regulatory process as well as some of the challenges we've experienced this year. So we want to make sure when we tell you we're going to do something, we're going to deliver on it.
Gerardo Norcia: No, we don't need more time. We just need a data point here to finalize our plans for '24 and our long-term plan. There's nothing else really that we're worried about other than -- it's a significant data point in our plan. And we don't want to get ahead of our commission.
Gerardo Norcia: I think the straight answer to that and simple answer socket that is absolutely yes. We have to consider all of the above and those are great thoughts that you've offered and certainly, we're thinking about similar approaches as to how to take this volatility out of the plan because as you've mentioned, what it does to a utility, when you get into these volatile environments, storm environments as it starts to whipsaw our maintenance plans and potentially even your capital deployment plans. And we don't want that to happen. We want to make the steady investments and perform the regular maintenance. We need to have in order to run a high-quality grid in a high-quality operation. So very good thoughts. We're very supportive of your thoughts and we'll be pursuing them in the future.
Gerardo Norcia: So Sophie, I'll say this much, certainly, any good company faced with uncertainty, any type of uncertainty, we do scenario planning. And we're in the midst of that. I think we're well advanced in our thinking. And once we receive a rate order, we'll roll out our plans and our reaction. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves at this point in time and we'll await the order from the commission and then we'll provide our guidance and long-term plan which I believe at this point, will all be very positive. I don't sense at this point, that there would be a disruption in our ability to invest. I feel confident about the need to make the investment and that there's alignment. But then again, in order to be prudent, we were also doing a lot of scenario planning to ensure that we can respond to whatever happens.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say that the -- we know them. Of course, we know them. We've been involved with them in many other rate cases. As we try to bring all these parties to settlement, I would say the parties that typically don't have strong interest in the economics of the case are the ones that we had challenged bringing to the table, not all, not exclusively all but I would say most -- the majority of the parties that we were not able to engage in settlement discussions probably had typically their function, their mission is not tied significantly to the economic interest of our customers.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying I'm excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us, including further strengthening of our electric grid and preparing for increased demand for electrification on our system and accelerating our path to cleaner generation. We continue to be well positioned for future growth and we'll provide additional details after our rate case wraps up. Hope everyone has a great morning and a safe day.
David Ruud: This is Dave Ruud. Yes. We did see some strong growth in -- for those businesses this year. Advantage, we had 3 new RNG projects, a new custom energy services project commenced the growth that we expected. There also is some onetime things in there, as we mentioned, some optimistic steel contracts that we did this year, too. So we look forward on Vantage. We will be growing that off the 2023 original guidance but still seeing some great growth there and some great opportunity this year. Trading also, like as you saw, is having a great year and we've increased the guidance there to a lot of that favorability that we've seen has been through contracted elect full requirement services and also in our gas business. And we've seen some of these higher margins on these contracts. And we'll be looking at what that means for 2024. But right now, I'm not increasing any of the guidance but we'll give you a full update. As Jerry mentioned earlier, we'll give you a full update on that in December.
David Ruud: Yes. In the -- in our rates, there's about $55 million pretax that's in there for storms right now. But we budget differently than that, been building some contingents as well.
David Ruud: Jeremy, this is Dave. Yes. So I'll first say at the highest level, incorporated these increasing interest rates in our plan and had considered it and contemplated and had the flexibility in our plans prior to this. So we're monitoring this and we'll continue to manage the interest expense increase through timing and structure and tenor of our future debt. Now you're referring to the parent debt that we have that will come due at the end of '24. We have put in hedges for over a quarter, 25% of that through the year and we'll continue to look for opportunities, monitor the market for additional opportunity for that as well.
David Ruud: Sure. Yes. Our sales this year have come in pretty much as expected for the year, consistent with our budget, consistent with the rate case filing we had. As you said, residential is down a little as we knew people would be on returning to work. So we saw that come down. As far as our forecast, we -- in the rate case that we forecast residential sales remain somewhat flat. And there's been no dispute in our forecast going forward here either. So we should get that -- that shouldn't be an issue here coming up in this rate case.
David Ruud: Yes. Yes, that will come then. I think it may come even a little bit before that, depending on when -- when that final rate case comes out.
David Ruud: Yes. We look -- we've been looking across our company ever since the end of last year for any opportunities that we had. And we saw that we put all we had in place through the beginning of the year. You saw the $270 million of offsets that we had. So -- we've -- a lot of this plays out still through the end of the year. I mean these are annualized numbers may play out through the end of the year but it's going to be a consistent number with what we've been now for cost cuts.
David Ruud: Yes, we continue to look at that. We've seen the increasing weather patterns also and look at the increasing storm impact that has. And so we do build in some contingency beyond what's and rates. But again, as we've talked about, we're going to look at what we need the budget going forward as well as what are some of the other mechanisms we can use to manage storm going forward.
David Ruud: Yes. Our under recovery last year was about $420 million. And so we've been recovering that throughout the year. So we're going to get the majority of that back through in this year. So it's a little over $380 million we'll be getting back to this year. So that's obviously swings the cash and FFO for us quite a bit by $800 million year-over-year.
