Peter Oleksiak: No, it is normal, and our effective tax rate is close to that 26%. So it will time out throughout the year. Last year just because of reported earnings being higher, we had higher tax expense that quarter which normalized throughout that year.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes we anticipated the softness in the steel sector, so we put that into our guidance as you look at the first quarter results that was anticipated when we published the guidance for the year. For the REF segment, that's tied to coal production. There is seasonality. Most of the coal production occurs in the third quarter. So we'll see those REF earnings helping to offset the steel sector. We also had some projects come in late last year on the REF segment. So you'll start seeing those materialize as well coming into at the second half of this year as well. So there is seasonality with the REF we do. And we overall are confident with the segment guidance that we put out there for P&I.
Peter Oleksiak: Southwestern was out publically talking recently and I would say that what we are seeing in our exposure to Southwestern is very consistent with their comments publicly, and consistent with the plan that we have out. So when Gerry says we feel good, I think we'd say that it's consistent with what we expected and is playing out in a way that supports the plan. And then, you know, you look down the road you're beginning to see gas prices for early next year strengthen. I think they were $3-ish when we were talking about them yesterday. And you know, people keep concluding that the drilling's pulled back, but gas declined at 15% in the United States, and you can only allow a 15% decline before – only allow that for so long before you need to being to backfill it. And the most obvious place is for Southwestern and other people to begin drilling again is in the Northeast Marcellus and in the Utica I think the well quality there is still high. So our expectation is, is we've pushed up gas supplies in the country awfully hard in 2015. People are on a pause, but they're going to need to step back into it when they do, we expect it to be in the areas we have exposure to.
Peter Oleksiak: So I think both will happen. So I think what these interconnect agreements that we have really provide pipeline with a lot of diversity and supply opportunity. So our shippers, long-term shippers on the pipe as well as new shippers that we expect to come on the pipe will use these interconnects as ways to deliver the various markets up and down the pipe, especially in Ohio. And the way I expect that those will turn into real opportunities and real commitments, absolutely. I think that's a given that that will happen. I think in terms of more long haul, we are in discussions with several parties to sign them for more long hauls. So I think what you'll see here as the pipeline build, you'll start to see those interconnects become very active market points for us, and provide what I'd call a lot of optionality to future shippers on a pipe. And I think that'll make it a very attractive pipeline that will allow us to get both short haul and long haul commitments. So I expect both to happen.
Peter Oleksiak: I think the big one we're waiting for right now is a FERC notice of schedule, which we expect to happen during the second quarter. And I think we're in really good shape with that. We're getting very good feedback from the FERC in terms of the quality of our filings. I think a lot of our issues we're managing quite well – routing issues. We're well underway with our right-of-way acquisition process. And I think in terms of other permits, there are some large customary permits that come with a FERC-regulated pipeline, like the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and other various permits. But those are the big ones – I think the FERC order which we expect by the end of this year, and also the other large customary permits, I think they're proceeding very well at this point in time.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We always go into the year – we have a big focus on cash in the company, and so we did indicate that over the three-year period, it’s a $200 million to $300 million and then we potentially can do up to $100 million this year. We’re assessing that. Our goal would be if we can to make that zero. It’s probably too early to say that. We’re going to see how the year plays out and the cash flows of the company plays out. I’ll still say that $200 million to $300 million over the three-year period, it’s still a good number and we’re assessing how much do we actually need to do of that $200 million to $300 million this year.
Gerry Anderson: When I said we came out of the quarter the way we wanted, I was really talking about our growth segments. The trading I would – it's really a separate discussion. So no, we weren't talking about positioning our trading company. What we really did is just look at the odds the way the El Nino was setting up last summer that we would have a warm winter, and the odds are very high when you look across past statistical data. So we all looked at ourselves and said, look, if the odds are this high, we're just going to take it as a given and plan for it.  So we did go into our expenses, we went after additional productivity in the business. So we always look for productivity improvements but we went for more than normal and that was hard work to put the plan together but it paid off. And we don't publish our plan, or make public our plan but I do feel really good about the way we exited the quarter in our growth businesses relative to the plan we had for the year and that's why you're hearing a confident tone on our ability to play out and meet or exceed our guidance for the year. Trading just is coming on, I mean they had a really good first quarter as Peter said, we usually wait until mid-year to kind of give you a better sense. So we'll probably at our mid-year call update you on those earnings and then give you probably a conservative forecast for where we think trading will land for the year.
Gerry Anderson: We've been migrating that business more and more physical. So for example, the gas business is a very active business in moving gas both in the Marcellus and beginning to play in the Utica area to take gas to market. So that's been a growing and profitable segment. We also are a supplier to other utilities in some other full requirements services businesses. And that segment did very well for us this quarter. So it's kind of lining up supply for the utilities who are in markets that have restructured but still have a responsibility to supply their retail customers. We provide them wholesale to do that.
Gerry Anderson: So I've been saying for a while that Mike Nofs is a good guy to be steering this. Mike was one of two principal architects of the 2008 legislation so he's the most knowledgeable guy in the Michigan legislature on this whole topic. Mike has been working this is a very systematic way since early this year and he’s now moved it to a point where he feels like he's ready to take the bills, there are two bills – out into the open and take commentary this week and next and he’ll then evaluate, look do I feel like things are right for a vote. I think his intention is to come through that discussion period and bring it to a vote here some time in May, probably the first half of May ideally. And then that legislation will be pushed back over to the House. Then the question in the House is how quickly can it move there? Will they be in a position to move it before the summer recess, or like in 2008 will it come back after the summer recess and be acted on then. In 2008, just having been part of that, I spent kind of a year of my life involved in that one. The way it played out is actually in that case, the House finished the action just prior to the summer recess and then the Senate came back and acted right after the recess. So we'll wait and see, but I think the hope would be that we'll get out of the Senate and act on it in the House as well prior to the recess, but if that didn't happen, it could play out like 2008 did.
Gerry Anderson: I think I'm going to turn this one over to Jerry Norcia. So Jerry, why don't you respond to those...
Gerry Anderson: So just to add on to that, I think we've said in discussions with investors previously, we typically move ahead with these projects at about 80% subscription level. We're a bit below that, obviously because the market took a pause while we were in process, but the combination of the geology here and those interconnect agreements, I mean those 1.75 BCF of interconnect agreements which really are a substantial part of our subscriptions right now, I mean that represents more capacity than the pipe itself has. So we think that'll be a significant source of future demand, not to mention markets in Illinois, Wisconsin, et cetera. So the combination of the quality of the geology and so forth is what's given us the confidence to move forward. I would say that you really create the hot value out of pipeline projects as you get full subscription and then expand. So I’d say we’re kind of down in the willing to proceed but not in the hot zone with the level that we're at. And so we are looking to add capacity over time.
Gerry Anderson: I would just characterize it as kind of meeting our threshold requirements. But we’re looking to move it from meeting our kind of threshold requirements to taking it up to what really makes a pipeline project sing, which is getting into the full and then expansion zone. So we're happy to proceed given where we stand now.
Gerry Anderson: I think on the future a couple thoughts. So REF will continue to be a good business and so is cash flow. Steel as well as things where we've been through this before. So we contract with our steel customers. But contracts rollover and we had one of the contracts roll over at a soft point in the steel cycle. But our typical experience is a couple years after the soft point you're often in a point of recovery and not long after that a hot point in the steel market. So I think we'll have the opportunity to see that part of the P&I business return. That's certainly been our experience over the years in past ups and downs in steel. The most active area for investment, I think Peter mentioned, is cogeneration projects. We have a number of those that are under serious discussion with counter parties. So we'd expect that to be the place where we could put quality capital to work. And we continue to be focused as we kind of laid out in our five-year plan on understanding that the REF earnings roll off in the early 2020s that we would back fill those earnings with quality investments like the cogeneration. And that's the plan for the company in terms of producing the 5% to 6% earnings through 2020 and beyond. So we've done a 10-year plan, we are counting on P&I growing in absolute terms, kind of holding its own as REF rolls out while the segments continue to grow.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think that's right, we're still feeling flattish. As Peter said steel was known and we knew that last September when we had analysts into Detroit. But REF is both cyclical and was a bit soft in the first quarter just because of a warm winter and substitution of gas for coal and those sorts of things. So it was down somewhat. But as we assess the prospects for the balance of the year, we still feel good about the guidance we have out there for the segment.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I think right now we're feeling very good about the guidance we issued for the midstream segment. Production that's flowing is in line with what we had estimated. And actually we also feel good about the future there. I think the prospect for Southwestern drilling in that area as commodity prices continue to strengthen become more positive as time goes on. So we feel real good about where we are in 2016. 
Gerry Anderson: We've been in the process of looking at many assets, or at least a handful of that we're very interested in. One of the things that we're finding is that these assets are still trading at premium values. Some recent transactions have illustrated that. We're – we still have a handful that we're looking at actively pursuing. I think in addition to that we are also looking at greenfield opportunities where we've had most of our success in the last 12 or 14 years in this space. So we've got both in motion to secure incremental growth for the business.
Gerry Anderson: If you look at our recent performance there, rates have been negative, so if you go back to 2012 and compare them to today we're down, and even after the current rate case plays out we'll be flat to down to 2012, so we've been able to work our way through a very heavy capital investment period with rates down. And I'm talking about base rates. The future – we've consistently say that we're trying to keep rate increases in the range of inflation, so around 3% as you work your way through one of these intense capital investment cycles. And that's going to require us to both measure the pace of capital investment but also keep the focus on productivity and continuous improvement that we've had in order to do that. So you know what the blend of capital and O&M is. We've got to keep the O&M. Our O&M in recent years, the increase has been zero. And when you can blend a zero with the increases that come from capital, you can hold it at something reasonable. Now we can't commit to zero in the future. But we've worked in the past very, very hard to keep it there. The future is, that's unlikely, you can't continue that forever. But we'll work hard on C&I and we will continue to measure the pace of investment. I think we've said that, for example in our distribution business, there's a lot of demand for investment. But we're going to have to high grade those projects and do the most important ones, we're really doing that from a customer affordability perspective.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, so I'd say the prospects of Bluestone flatlining are – I wouldn't frame it that way. We're expanding Bluestone, and we're expanding Millennium. And I think the prospects we see are from more of that. So there's – you were mentioning cancellation of a pipeline. What we're seeing in the Northeast is a continued pull for gas. They have to have gas for power generation, and the oil to gas conversions continue. So the demand for gas continues to be very, very strong, but there's real resistance in New York and other areas of the Northeast to new pipeline. I think that's what that's likely to do in fact, New York called this out explicitly is bias toward expansions of existing pipes. So I think the likelihood of some of this resistance you're seeing is that owners of existing position, including Millennium and Bluestone, will see people coming to them as the most credible and doable paths and expansion path to market. So I just start by saying – I think what we're seeing evolving in the market is a positive for the asset position you have there. Bluestone and Millennium are attached to really good geology and there's resistance in the market of creating new outlet, altogether new outlets for that geology, which means the existing ones are going to have to expand. And then the long-term growth in our NEXUS is an important part of that growth, but when look out five years and ask, what is the current dynamic in 2016 really mean for 2020? Not much. The gas demand in 2020 is going to be what it's going to be, and power generation conversions are going to be underway, and so the geology is going to have to deliver, the pipes are going to have to deliver. Now I think that you could say in the short-term did production get out in front of itself a bit with, a lot of excitement in the market. The answer to that is obviously yes, so there's an adjustment in the near-term, and it's changed the path to get to 2020, but the ultimate point that the market needs to achieve in 2020 hasn't changed for either production or delivery through pipes to meet demand. So we really don't see a lot of impact long-term, although the path to get there has changed from what it might have been.
Gerry Anderson: Senator Nofs has been in active discussion with the Chamber, and I think I will – I'm not going to put words in the Senator's mouth. The coalition he's put together I think would be better for him to play that out, but he has been in active discussion with the Chamber. I think he's also put some provisions in the bill that broaden its interest to his Democratic colleagues, so if you look at the energy efficiency provisions, that's positive in terms of broadening the appeal. He also does have the 30% goal. It’s not a mandate, but it’s a goal, by 2025 for renewables and energy efficiency. That’s something the administration has advocated for as we have democrats in the house. So I do think what you see is Senator Nofs listening very, very carefully to a whole range of participants trying to broaden the coalition to the point where he can be successful.
Gerry Anderson: Right. So, they do today and they will in the future. We never thought there would be or should be a prohibition on retail open access customers coming back. But the – I think what you’ll see when you look at the legislation is that there’s a lot more integrity now in terms of the reliability provisions related to this. So the suppliers to the retail open access market need to carry their fair share of local resources that needs to be real. Need to have ties to real local resources for reliability. Customers who leave the queue, if somebody should come out from under the cap and somebody goes in, we’ll be paying a demand charge, so there’s a series of provisions. So, without me going into all the details, that really do shore up the reliability for that – the reliability provisions related to that 10% of the market.
Gerry Anderson: So Bluestone runs both in Pennsylvania and New York, so you need approvals out of both states. But our recent expansion of Bluestone – our conversations were very productive. And as Jerry mentioned, same is true for Millennium. So our experience has been that, when the need is clear and you’re dealing with an existing asset with I guess you’d say more modest implications. You can have a productive conversation and work your way through it, and that’s what our last two rounds of discussion in Albany have produced.
Gerry Anderson: Well I’d say I think what Peter is indicating is that I think our Q says up to $100 million, which implies that the bias would be down given everything we know, but your comment was also right. If we found a great opportunity for investment that we thought create a lot of value that could be the thing that pushes you up toward the high end of equity. So those are really the two balances, as Peter said, we’re always working cash and cash flow. And we’re off to a good start. So our hope would be to be playing out in the up-to zone, not the add $100 million, and the one potential offset is if we found a great investment.
Gerry Anderson: No. We typically will grow the dividend in line with the earnings versus the amount. So the amount of equity we’re issuing is not going to have an impact on our dividend decision.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I will just wrap up by again thanking everybody for joining the call this morning. As I said at the outset, one quarter into the year, we feel very good about how things are progressing versus planned both with respect to earnings and relative to a number of our key priorities. Look forward to giving you all updates. We’ll be down at AGA and a number of other conferences before we’re back on a call like this for the mid-year. So thanks for joining. Look forward to talking to you soon.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Great. So the nature of the contracts we have on NEXUS today, about half the capacity is committed to by LDCs in Michigan as well as Ontario. And then we have three producers that are also anchor tenants. So I would say about half is LDCs and half is producers. In terms of incremental markets, I think it will come from both classes of customers. We're pursuing both LDCs in Ohio, Michigan, Ontario and the mid-west for incremental volumes, as well as other producers that are interested in moving gas for these markets. I think we are well positioned for that. So those discussions are underway. In terms of returns, we're happy to proceed with the returns that we have based on the contractual commitments that we have today. And as we've said before, I think we've got about two thirds of our total commitment signed with long term contracts today.
Jerry Norcia: So, I think what we’ve said on that one is that there’s a lot of demand on our distribution system. It’s an aging infrastructure system as we evaluate the need, a need currently outstrips what we think customer affordability will enable. So in order for us to do more of that and kind of work our way into that backlog, it would depend on us finding productivity opportunities. Or if there were things, for example, that evolved on the generation side that were – required less capital, we could conceivably push some of this needed investment in. But we are kind of calibrating how much of that we do based upon affordability, because we’ve consistently said that companies that don’t pay careful attention to that when they’re going through a big investment cycle end up losing. You just need to go through these cycles in a way where your customers feel their affordability is workable. So that’s really what determines how much of the $10.5 billion we would spend versus the $6.5 billion. And you’re right, we can find either capital offsets or productivity offsets, those are the things that would enable us to do more of that needed investment.
Jerry Norcia: The way I’ll answer that is that with our pipeline investments that we’ve been able to secure through the FERC as well as with New York regulators, for example, we’ve been able to secure an expansion of Bluestone most recently through the New York regulators, and that’s actually a pipeline regulated by New York in New York. And then, secondly, we secured the last two compressor expansions for Millennium through FERC as well as working with New York regulators. So I think what we’re – as Gerry described earlier, I think the regulators are pointing towards existing assets as ways to expand into a growing market. So, as you know, we’ve got a Millennium pipeline expansion where we’ve made a FERC pre-filing. That’s going well. We are in active conversations with regulators in Albany on that expansion, and we feel that those conversations are going well. So we – at this point, we feel pretty confident that we’ll secure our expansion approvals for Millennium.
