David Meador: Thank you and good morning to everybody, and welcome to our year-end conference call. Before we get started, I’d like to refer you to our Safe Harbor statement, which is on Page 2, including the reference to forward-looking statements. With me this morning are Gerry Anderson, Peter Oleksiak, Nick Khouri, and Mark Rolling, and we also have other members of the management team that we can call on during the Q&A session if needed. And with that brief introduction, let me turn it over to Gerry.
David Meador: First of all, it is baked into our 5 to 6% growth, and I don’t have the break-out on utility/non-utility. We have been taking some of the 50% depreciation across the Company, and some of this does apply to our non-utility businesses; so for example, you’ve heard us talk about our Mount Poso project, which is one of our renewable energy projects that qualifies for 100% bonus depreciation. So some of this is in our non-utility businesses but we see the bonus depreciation modest enough that that modest amount in combination with our increased capital spending will not impact the growth rate at the utilities.
David Meador: This is Dave, Danielle. The first answer would be when we originally said 100 to 200 million a year, that never involved public issuance. That was always going to be through DRIP or pension plans, and as we said, now that’s all turned off because the number is zero this year. We’re going to work hard to see if we can drive that number down to zero next year, and I have no plans right now for ’13 because as we’ve indicated, we’re not only working on cash flows but we still have that—you know, you get on to that ’13 time frame, that now circles back to when do we see monetization starting to happen in the Barnett. So it’s very possible ’13 could be zero also, but we’ll have to wait and see how that plays out.
David Meador: No, actually I’m not too sure exactly what you’re referring to, because pulling that gas case had nothing to do with concerns about return on equity. We filed the case, and as any other case over time, after we filed it some of the assumptions started to change, and the factors we looked at said the amount of money that we would need in a rate increase to hit our targeted earnings was much smaller, and we stood back and looked at it and said we could actually pull this case and go after cost reductions and hit our objectives. And at the same time, it’s one less case for us at the Commission and it’s the right thing for customers to do, and then we can put our energy and focus together on the Detroit Edison case where there’s a lot more economics. So this is more about over time, the number got small enough we started asking ourselves the question, why are we pursuing a case versus just going back to what we do really well, which is work on continuous improvement and cost. And I think Gerry addressed the overall ROE view right now is that in the Edison case, we filed for 11 and an eighth. We believe that our position on that is supportable, and we’re going to pursue that in the case. And we think there’s other much larger value drivers for customers that we will be talking to the Commission about in the way that we filed that case that can make it a win-win for us and for customers, and that ROE isn’t one of them.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you.
Gerald Anderson: You know, I think our philosophy on the utility front is you’ve got to give to receive, and you’ve got to earn the quality of your regulation. And so the posture we’ve been striking with our regulators is that we’re going to work our tails off to manage customer affordability, and I think you see that, for example, in our Detroit Edison rate filing. We worked hundreds of millions of dollars out of what the ask might have been, all with an eye to reducing the impact on customers. The MichCon case being pulled was another case in point. So the approach we’re trying to take with the regulators is to work jointly on the big things and not spend a lot of time on things like ROE reduction. And frankly, I feel that if we do a really good job on the big things that we’ll get fair treatment on that and other fronts.Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Gerald Anderson: Good.Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just one follow-up question from what Paul just asked. From a sensitivity standpoint, what is the impact of 100 BPS sensitivity on ROE for the utilities? Or 10 BPS or however you have it.
Gerald Anderson: Let me take a crack at that. So I think what Dave was saying is that the highest prices in the marketplace right now are for oil and natural gas liquids. We do have those in our properties, and we’re making progress in continuing to improve our ability to get those and get them economically. So it’s really the timing of that that will define the timing of sale. If you were to look at this year versus next year, we may see some modest monetizations this year; but we’d expect something larger would likely play out next year or beyond.
Gerald Anderson: So if you look over the past five years, both our cash flow and our earnings there are 40 to 50 million a year, and so we talk about normal 40 to 50 as what we mean. We’ve said pretty consistently we’re not looking to grow that business. IT provides us intelligence and cash, and that’s its role. It was 75 million two years ago, and 6 million last year. We had a long period in 2010 where the markets just went dead, not only for us but everybody – about an eight month period. But in December and January and so far in February, we have seen the markets return to much more normal behavior within our operation, so that’s a positive sign. It’s not something you can project has to continue or will continue, but it certainly is a reversion back to more normal behavior from that eight month dead period last year. As Dave said, what we have this year is a range of 10 to 40. It’s just in line with what we saw this past year at the low end, and kind of the low end of normal at the high end, so the midpoint is 25. But we’d expect over time that we’d be able to achieve what we’ve seen over the past five years or so – that 40 to $50 million performance.
Gerald Anderson: Well, one element you pointed out, which is our renewable investments which are, as you can see on one of the slides, is a significant piece of growth at Detroit Edison. That increase in rates happened as part of the legislation and is done, so there won’t be increases for that. So that’s a good thing. I guess the second would be that as we continue to invest, and one of the questions people might ask is how can you grow at 5 to 6% in your utility if you’re not growing at 5 to 6% in your rate structure? And what we’re trying to do—first of all, the renewables help with that because of the way the legislature structured them; but secondly, we’re fighting hard on the continuous improvement front to manage our operating cost to a lower growth profile to that. The combination of the two are what we hope will allow us to moderate the rate increase profile.
Gerald Anderson: How regular and how much? So here’s how we talk about it internally. We very explicitly are telling our people from an affordability standpoint, hold off as long as we can; but we also don’t want to hold off so long that the cases become complex or large for us, the regulators, or our customers. So it’s striking that balance between regularity and health for us, and workload and impact on our customers. So this past year, that meant that we held off from a case in January until a filing in October. But if you look forward, this is a heavy period of investment, particularly in emission controls were we’ve got almost a billion dollars over the next three years, and that’s going to imply that our rate base is going to be growing and we’re going to need to get returns on that to stay healthy. So I expect to see us going in each year, but we’ll use the philosophy I just described.
Gerald Anderson: Yeah, well, you’re right. The specifics on that one are—you should talk to CMS on. We make a habit not to say anything specific about them. But I have read the orders and there was information that came in late, so I think the Commission was saying we’ve got some late information, we want some time to digest it. If you take it more broadly and our feel for things, I don’t think it has any precedent. If you ask am I concerned about self-implementation or the structure generally, I’m not. I personally, and other senior people have been up to talk to the Commissioners recently, and I think they remain committed to playing out that legislation in the right way. So I’m not concerned in terms of precedent or tone or feel of things.
Gerald Anderson: Well, the way those things play out is forward-looking, so they’re always working on forward-year budgets and doing impact studies on forward years. And if they change policy, whether it’s on renewables or things like REF, to my knowledge they’ve never done it backward-looking. Now they always have the right to come in and audit things to make sure that it played out according to law and so forth, but they have never—and one of the real principles of tax policy is you set it and people need to be able to rely on it and invest against it, so the changes are forward-looking. So I do expect that there’s going to be a lot of debate around energy tax provisions—renewable tax provisions for example. They will be something that people are going to talk about. I think they’ll remain, but just how large they are and so forth will get plenty of discussion.
Gerald Anderson: So we’re making good progress on it. It’s ahead of schedule, on budget. We’ve got about 130,000 meters completed at the end of this past year. We expect to have 300,000 in by the end of this year, and that’s of a total of 600,000. And what we’ve talked to the Commission about is that we want to take a stop at the end of 600,000 meters, evaluate benefits, evaluate—you know, we had a projected list of savings. We want to step back and make sure that we’re getting those. The other thing that is true in this round of investments for us is that we got a stimulus grant, so that brought down our net investment and it brought down the cost to customers. So what we want to do, then, is evaluate based upon the savings that we’re seeing, do we see savings to customers without help from the federal government? In other words, if we need to carry the full load, do these things pay for themselves and lower customer rates? And that’s what we—we’ll take a pause to do that evaluation. The other thing that we want to evaluate is the service improvements. These are kind of—these meters are going to allow us to do some things for customers that we’ve never been able to do, like know before they know when they’re out of power. You know, a typical example – people are off at work, come home to find their power out. We’ll know that and can get them back up and running before they ever knew they were out of power. So there will be service improvements too. But general philosophy, we’re going to take a stop and evaluate and see if we should go on.
Gerald Anderson: We’re fully using the—if I got your question right, we’re on an investment path to utilize those funds that were described to the federal government, and that’s all working fine. And there is no contingency related to what we do in the future.
Gerald Anderson: I think it’s two things. Post-crisis, I think there was a stronger mindset about use of energy in homes and commercial businesses. The other thing is that we’re investing pretty heavily around conservation, and I think there’s an impact to that. Frankly, we want that impact. The other conversation we have in the Company is managing customer bills with a focus on bill size, and so we are looking at the combined residential gas/electric bill and trying to manage it down because we feel if we manage it down, the investments we’re making will be received a lot better. And so that decline in residential average use, we welcome and working to make happen.
Gerald Anderson: Housing or population? We saw—I guess the best way to do it is probably customers. We saw a slight decline in customer count during the height of the crisis, and I don’t have a trend on that now. As the economy picks back up and so forth, we’d expect to see probably that reverse and trend the other way.
Gerald Anderson: Well, we sit in an interesting position relative to what you described because Michigan is a big storage market, and so we actually have seen this change in gas flow dynamics impacting—you know, pipes that you thought were going to flow one way, people are talking about flowing the other direction or mixed flows – one direction one part of the year; another direction the other part of the year as retail storage, for example. So yes, what people are talking about is real. If you ask is that all figured out yet? No. It’s still pretty dynamic and end users are trying to take stock of the significant change that these shale basins have created and what that means for pipe flows and storage utilization. And we really do—if you look at our Millennium pipeline, for example, and the connection of that back through Canada to a big storage base in Michigan, we’re one of the players that would potentially see that sort of impact, and that can be a good impact. But the market is still working all that out.
Gerald Anderson: So on the first question, most of our—essentially all of our coke volume now is contracted. We have a little bit available in the stock market but not much. We’ve been working to get those fully contracted so the earnings stability is there. And in terms of total tons, I don’t have that at my fingertips, but it’s on the order of, I think, a couple million tons by the time you put our total position together. But if you need that, we could get that for you. In terms of being monetized, we haven’t looked at it but it could be something, for example, if a steel company wanted to manage their coke prices and coke availability and so forth, could have an interest in. And if down the road that turned out to be the right value decision, would we look at it? Sure. Have we had anybody approach us on it or had discussions on it? No.Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Okay. Thank you.
Gerald Anderson: Good morning.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Hi, good morning. I think you’ve answered most of the questions. I just had a query – is there an ROE concern? Dave, you mentioned a little bit in your remarks that that’s one of the reasons you took off the gas case. Is there a concern that you have that this is not sustainable? I’m just trying to get a better context of your remarks earlier on.
Gerald Anderson: Well, no closing remarks. Just want to thank you all for your time and interest this morning. We look forward to keeping you posted on progress as things go on this year. Thanks very much.
