Daniel G. Brudzynski: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Beginning on Slide 16 and our year-to-date cash flows. Through September, cash from operations is $1.7 billion, which is comparable to 2012 levels. Capital spending was slightly higher than last year due to increased spending at the electric utility and increased investments in our Bluestone pipeline and its related gathering assets. Electric utility capital is higher due to increased spending on our nuclear operations, system reliability and environmental projects, partially offset by the retiming of our renewable energy spend. Overall, DTE's net cash is down slightly year-over-year. Slide 17 lays out this detail for the year-to-date capital expenditures. You can see the increases in electric utility capital as well as the non-utility businesses, which as I said earlier, reflects increased investments in Bluestone. The gas utility is comparable to 2012's levels. Turning to Slide 18 and a look ahead for 2013. As David mentioned earlier, we are increasing our cash flow guidance for 2013 with cash from operations expected to be slightly higher than the original guidance and capital spending expected to be slightly lower. Our increased cash guidance is driven by the timing of surcharge collections at DTE Electric. Our prior guidance had assumed recovery of these under collections over 2013 and 2014 and also lower corporate tax payments. The change in capital is primarily due to the retiming of dry sorbent injection, or DSI, installations based on a 1-year compliance extension that was granted by the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality. And you can see that detail in the table on the right of that page. And finally, finishing up on Slide 19. As David mentioned, our balance sheet remains strong with leverage and FFO metrics in line with our targets. Our financing plan is on track. As we have issued approximately $300 million of equity into our benefit and DRIP plans by year end and the remaining DRIP plan in effect, we expect total equity issuance for the year to be slightly over that $300 million. We have issued about $800 million in debt and continue to have sufficient liquidity. And with that, I'll turn the discussion back over to Dave for some concluding comments.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes. Last year was predominantly in that fourth quarter, so I would say about 3/4 of that. And then this year, we just have -- we've had some small remaining amount, but actually, the majority of it, if not all of it, has been spent already this year. Clearly, you'll see that fourth quarter last year flow to the bottom line.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: The reinvestment really is kind of on a year-by-year basis. So if you look at normalized O&M, I would take the reinvestment off of that. And we've described before, basically going through the year, we have a couple of different plans. One of them is the weather normal plan. The other one is more of an invest plan, if we get additional revenue in. So next year, we're projecting out -- as we talk about productivity and relatively flat O&M, but as we get into the year, we'll make the decision whether we reinvest.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes. We definitely will talk a little more detail around 2014. So you can expect an update around '14 guidance.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: I would just tell you, this is an exciting time for us, an exciting time for that segment. So as you know, in the whole midstream space, the estimates over the next 10 years is there's going to be $1 trillion of investments made because you have to get this gas to market. And we're putting a lot of our muscle into not only what we can do on Bluestone, on the Bluestone area, with Southwestern and other producers, but we're also looking at what other opportunities there could be for us. So I would just characterize this as very positive. And not that we're coming out with any major announcements at EEI, but it's just something I think Gerry Anderson will talk more about at EEI. And then, as things develop here, certainly we'll provide more color around that. But we are talking to Southwestern as we speak about deepening and furthering our relationship not only in that basin but possibly in other basins.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: As far as the strategy to get these more origination or non-derivative type of transactions, it does kind of build some income base for this business over multiple years.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: Yes. We think right now on a total year basis, we're going to be at the 2%. Actually, as you know, year-to-date, we're 2%. Residential, right now, year-to-date, is 2%. We think that'll settle in at 1%. And then our industrial will be settling at about 4% for the year. So we're thinking 2% there may be a little up -- bias upwards on the 2% but still thinking that it's going to be a 2% growth. And then on a go-forward basis, we're looking at about a 1% growth. And that's actually including energy efficiency, so net of efficiency.
Daniel G. Brudzynski: I'd say it's probably residential relatively flat. That's typically how we've given usage, and that's where your energy efficiency programs are. And both the commercial and industrial are pretty relatively equal and make up that 1%.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. Let me wrap up on Slide 21. As we laid out for you, we're on track to reach our 2013 earnings per share guidance and that we narrowed our guidance from $0.30 range to $0.20 range with a $5.05 -- $4.05 midpoint. We are increasing our cash flow guidance, and Dan took you through that. The balance sheet is exactly where we want it to be. Going forward, our robust operational and utility investments, together with low-risk non-utility growth opportunities, are expected to provide 5% to 6% annual earnings per share growth and dividend growth. As I mentioned, we'll be at EEI in a little over 2 weeks, and we hope to see many of you there. Gerry Anderson will be providing a detailed business update for each of our business segments. The presentation that Gerry will provide will begin at 11:15 Eastern Standard Time on Tuesday, November 12. For those of you not going to EEI, you'll be able to join that webcast through our Investor Relations website. And Andrea, with that, we'd like to open it up for questions.
David E. Meador: So long term -- well, first of all, we are still back at our 2005 O&M levels, which is about $1.5 billion, and our goal is to hold it a $1.5 billion through the next several years. So year-to-year, you might get some shifting back and forth, certainly quarter-to-quarter -- or quarter-over-quarter as you see this year. You'll see that happen, and we want to try to help you through that. So if you're looking forward, I would just assume that we're going to hold O&M flat as we have been, which is offsetting inflation and also offsetting new O&M that's coming into the business.
David E. Meador: And then we've already laid out, as you know, 10 years of CapEx for the utilities. There probably will be some refinement about there. There will probably be some more clarity about our thinking about the transformation of our coal fleet over time and how that plays out and plays hopefully into the governor's new energy policy and hopefully what we see transpiring in Washington. So I think we have a pretty good story to tell about over time, how some of the coal fleet will close just naturally because it's coming down to life and how that will be replaced and do that in conjunction with expanded renewable energy policy and so on. So I would expect Gerry to go into more detail on the utilities and energy policy and then clearly more details on the non-utilities.
David E. Meador: Yes. We're still thinking that we are going to be filing next year for the electric business with new rates in '15. And the gas business that we are -- we have the infrastructure tracker and that with ongoing cost control is going to allow us to stay out 3 years or longer. So we go into '14 with a lot of stability and no rate cases.
David E. Meador: This is one of the projects that Gerry will talk more about at EEI. But just to generally give it some tone, we still get positive indication so that not only the demand for the gas in Michigan and Ontario at the Dawn connection, but also, as all of us are watching the wells in the Utica play, a lot of positive signs there. So I think what we're thinking our way through right now is as the Utica develops, which pipes in the region go through the expansion first. So either they're going to be additional compression or looped, and then at what point in time are there going to be new pipes built? And as this plays out, I still -- I would characterize this as very positive. And the timing right now in terms of in service, our thinking has not changed. I think it's in the 2016, 2017 time frame. But again, we'll give you more details at EEI.
David E. Meador: We're thinking our way through that. My general sense is, as you know, this is not part of our growth story at all. And over time, hopefully what you're going to see is our other -- you look at our non-utility businesses in the midstream and Power & Industrial, they're growing 15% to 20% per year. And just as a strategy, working with you all, I want to de-emphasize Trading. And so we're working our way through that. And either we'll have an update at EEI or when we finalize our guidance in January.
David E. Meador: It's probably split half. Some of that benefit favorability we're seeing in the third quarter. So you saw that level come through. That same level is going to come through in the fourth quarter. And the other, as I mentioned, we had a $20 million reinvestment last year. About 3/4 of that is going to flow through favorability in the fourth quarter.
David E. Meador: Over the next several years. So we -- as we mentioned, we're 82% funded, and we'll have a couple of years of cash contributions. Our goal is to be fully funded by 2016. We're already starting to shift our asset allocation in terms of immunizing our risk to future interest rates changes. So as we increase our funding, our cash contributions will be much less and our pension expense will be much less. And we will then have hopefully immunized ourselves to any future interest rate changes down the road. You're spot on on that.
David E. Meador: Not at this time. For those of you that were in Grand Rapids yesterday, I saw the PowerPoint from CMS also, and I'm curious to learn more about that. But we don't have any plans like that at this time.
David E. Meador: We -- I'd rather hold that for EEI. We're making a lot of progress in filling in that white space and continue to get questions about can you grow this beyond the $120 million. And we have a fair number of balls in the air right now, but the answer is it possible yes, and that's what we're working our way through right now. Everything we see there, as you know, the amount of gas that's coming out of that Susquehanna County in particular is, I think, a paradigm shift for a lot of people. And so what you're seeing in the whole region, including our assets, is that over time, you're going to see pipes filling up. You're going to see expansions happening faster than people thought at Bluestone and at Millennium. And then there's ongoing opportunity for whether it'd be laterals tying to that Bluestone pipe or additional gathering system contracts. So whether it would be Southwestern and/or others, I think over time, you're going to see us come back with higher investment numbers and higher earnings than we've previously disclosed. That's not -- I don't think you're going to see us change our 2014 numbers, but there is a lot of positive activity in the space right now.
David E. Meador: As you know, we don't have an exact number. And we've said for some time that we needed to get more scale. And it wasn't just more scale on what I had today, but I also feel strongly that I need line of sight to an investment -- a set of investments. So as you know, when you set these up, you would have to have a pool of assets that you either currently own that you could drop in over time or a line of -- a good line of sight on investments going out many, many years, not 1 year or 2 years but more than that. And we're focused right now on the development side to create that pool of assets, either the assets I have on the ground right now or a line of sight on CapEx for multiple years. And that's where we're putting our time and energy. And over time, we'll clarify our thinking on MLP, but it's too early right now. We just don't have the scale on our view.
David E. Meador: Yes, where we're working towards and putting, as I've indicated, our shoulder into is the development side. And that's where we're putting all our time and energy and resources to see how we can grow this business and grow it in a high-quality way as we've done in other segments that we've -- it's just not earnings growth for earnings growth's sake. We're still trying to stick to our discipline and making sure we have high-quality returns.
David E. Meador: Normally, we haven't been commenting on host sides because we're in the middle of placement and negotiation. So usually, I would say no. But they pulled an environmental permit. So it was disclosed, and that is the eighth unit. And we're working on the ninth unit that we hope to have placed and up and running in early 2014.
David E. Meador: Normally, it's a 4- to 6-month period to construct, relocate and then get it up, test it and up and running. But this is all in line with not only next year's guidance but our longer-term guidance that we provided for that segment. So these relocations are happening on the right time line with the right tons of coal host locations. So everything is on track there.
David E. Meador: Okay, well, great. And thank you, everybody, for joining us. And again, for those of you that will not be at EEI, you can get the webcast presentation on November 12 at 11:15 through our website. And thanks again, and have a great day and a great weekend.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, I will answer that. I guess first, I can talk about the guidance -- the overall timing. We do have in the appendix -- we do lay out the difference between the economic and the accounting and there's a $14 million timing in the quarter. There is -- a few million of that will come back in the fourth quarter. The rest of that actually will play through on 2014, 2016. And I wish I could take a moment and talk a little bit more around the timing that we're seeing. Actually, there's 2 pieces on this. One of them is related to economic hedges, and we talked about this in the past, kind of this one side of the accounting that occurs. So as we hedge in transactions, the accounting-related to those hedges actually kind of get mark-to-market versus more accrual base if one would be a transaction. Actually, there's a bigger piece of this timing that is tied to the mix of the types of transactions. Actually, this business, we're moving more towards from pure trading type of transactions that get immediate accounting and economic recognition to transactions related to origination deals and contracts tied to assets and actually the accounting of this flows with the transaction. So that describes some of the longer tail, and this roll-on is really tied to those transactions. But Andrew, one other -- you're talking about the guidance. Actually, the guidance, revised guidance is $5 million to $15 million. So we did take down the guidance for the segment.
Peter B. Oleksiak: And actually, as you look at the fourth quarter, what -- the implied fourth quarter, it is actually pretty typical for a fourth quarter result for the electric utility. Actually it's getting it back to more of a typical fourth quarter result.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. And then you have the funded as over the 80%. So we're well on our way over the next few years to get fully funded. And I guess in the benefit, and as we talked about this, the strategy with the retiree health care, it really is part of our bridging strategy coupled with the need to stay out, as well as our affordability for our customers. And actually, next year, there is another portion since we had 2 changes. We have one on our salary plan, our union plan. And actually, the union plan, the benefits are flowing in the second quarter. But we're going to start to see some additional favorability. And that's why the group goes up to 70% to 80% from the 60% to 70%. So, and as you mentioned, there was another tranche of favorability that's coming related to discount rates. And actually, we like that. For next year, I said, once we really settle in what that accounting is and what it's going to be, we'll update you in terms of where we're at on our overall earnings as well as investment plans within utilities and if this holds it'll be good for our customers as well, in terms of overall...
Peter B. Oleksiak: And Kit, this is Peter. I know the $650 million actually is kind of spend-to-date. We were thinking about and talking about this now as a go-forward spend. We're looking at $1 billion to $1.3 billion of capital on the segment from '13 on, and we'll give you an update at EEI in terms of where we're at.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It's related to underrecoveries. We have the PSCR, the GCR. We had some reconciliations around the choice tracker that went away roughly over a year ago. And we had some under-recoveries. We settled the cases, got them done earlier. So the collection on those under-recoveries started a little earlier. So they were -- we were planning them to bleed a little bit into '14, but it turns out that they'll occur mostly in '13.
