Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter and good morning, everyone. Let’s turn to slide 12 to review the quarterly earnings performance. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings were $1.65 per share and for reference our reported earnings were $1.53 per share. You can find a reconciliation of the first quarter reported to operating earnings on slide 24. As you know, Michigan and the rest of the Northeast in the first quarter of both 2014 and 2015 experienced significantly below normal temperatures including setting a couple of records. For us, the majority of the weather fluctuations can be seen in our gas segment. Here are couple of data points. The first quarter of 2014 set the record for the coldest quarter in over 60 years. The first quarter of 2015 was the third coldest and February itself set the record for that month. Now for the quarter-over-quarter results, our growth segments first quarter operating earnings in 2015 were lower by $10 million or $0.06 per share. Electric segment was equal to the first quarter of 2014. This was primarily due to fewer storms year-over-year which drove lower operating and maintenance expenses offset by increased rate base growth cost driven by increased capital investments. The gas segment was lower by $18 million, driven by the extreme weather experienced in the first quarter of 2014. The major contributor to the quarter-over-quarter decline, were the weather of $11 million and weather related storage and transport of $7 million. Gas storage and pipelines earnings were $6 million above the prior year. This increase was primarily due to the volume growth in the Bluestone Pipeline and Susquehanna gathering assets, partially offset by weather driven storage earnings in 2014. Our Power and industrial projects segment was up $18 million versus 2014. A good portion of this variance was due to our REF business. As we saw last year, the performance in REF can vary depending on the underlying volumes and the timing of new relocations. As a result, we expect much of the REF favorability to reverse out over the balance of the year, more than offsetting underlying growth from new relocations and projects. In addition, we do expect some of the $18 million of favorability to flow through from growth in our renewables and on-site businesses related to new investments that came on line in 2014 and early 2015. Our corporate and other segment came in unfavorable by $16 million versus last year. This variance is due largely to an effective tax rate adjustment which will reverse within the year. As a result, we remain comfortable with our earnings guidance range for this segment. Again, the overall growth segments results for the quarter were $282 million or $1.58 per share. At energy trading, operating results for the quarter came in at $12 million with economic net income of $20 million, both the power and the gas business lines contributed to these results. Please refer to page 23 of the appendix to review energy trading standard reconciliation page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. That concludes the update on our earnings for the quarter. I’d like to now turn the discussion over to Mark, who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Jeff Jewell: Overall view of the forecast is about 0.5% for the full year and that’s kind of what our long-term is. So what we’re seeing in the quarter is sort of one-time outages on retooling in the auto sector and also the steel. So again, we sort of characterize the timing just from when they were planning on doing those and sort of what their balance of the year production is going to be. So again, we’re looking at it about 0.5% growth.
Jeff Jewell: So, what we’re seeing is with the 1% that’s related to timing, mainly in the auto and the steel sectors is again as they were doing some retooling there was also plant in Canada that’s down as retooling. So obviously there is a little bit of flow on during the quarter. But for the balance of the year, all those plants, the anticipation that they’re going to be growing for a lot of stuff. So that’s what sort of brings our growth back up to our anticipated 0.5% of the full year.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Let me give you a quick summary on slide 18 and open it up -- the line for questions. You just heard, we had a very strong first quarter. We remain on track to achieve our earnings guidance for 2015; anticipate successful outcomes this year for both our utility regulatory filings as well as the Michigan’s energy policy reform. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong and our investments in our utility and non-utility businesses support our target of 5% to 6% to EPS growth going forward. I’d like to thank you all for joining our call this morning. And now I’d like to open it up for any questions that you have. Dina, if you want to open up the line, I would appreciate it.
Peter Oleksiak: As we’ve mentioned on this call and the past, when we’re on the road, we’re going to the every year with three plans, the base plan; the lean plan; and the invest plan. For each of those, we wait for the different additions, to see which one we strike; weather normal would be the base plan. Where we’re right now with the weather favorability is we’re actually looking at investing potentially but we’re going to the process right now of in our gas utility in particular, going through the list to understand what the potential investments we can make there with the idea of making those investments to help the long-term assets in operational excellence and consistently earning our authorized returns there. So, the short answer there is at least at this moment, we don’t see lean plans having to strike that, our lean plans more than anything, there will be some invest in particular in our gas utility.
Peter Oleksiak: We’re continuing to see strong interest as that region’s continuing to get drilled up and evolve. There is increased capital allocation, the shippers overall have dropped their level of capital that they are spending. But most of them, if they have investments in this area have reallocated more capital to this region. So, we are seeing that. So we’re continuing to see interest coming through both the shippers and the LDCs.
Peter Oleksiak: It is. We were on the as a Marcellus with our Bluestone Pipeline and Millennium, that’s definitely a prolific shale play, low on the dispatch curve and then our NEXUS pipeline is going to Utica Shale which again is very prolific and low on the dispatch curve. There is a lot of interest to shippers as well; they can drill and the capital is getting allocated there because there gas to market.
Peter Oleksiak: There is some probability that it gets done by mid-year; the Governor has been pretty public and that is his goal. We’re planning on it getting done by the end of the year. We want to make sure it kind of goes through the as normal process as you are kind of seeing out there; it is progressing nicely and it’s going like other legislative prophecies with a lot of different proposals out there; they need to work through those and reconcile those. So, I would say there is some chance here, most likely it will be done later this year.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s tough to say where this is going to end, one thing that we’re actually happy to see is that the legislation is getting the most momentum and support as some sort of fix to this broken retail access program we have in Michigan. And then, there is various ways you can fix this program. Aric Nesbitt has put out there, how do we just maybe completely eliminate the flaw of retail access program. His focus is on angling the liability and capacity needs for the state. We support that plan, but we’re also happy to see that both the Governor and Senators are also focused on retail access and how unfair it is. But at this point, it’s kind of tough to say where we’re going to end up; we’re just happy that the retail access program is getting work out.
Peter Oleksiak: The recent option on MISO, I know there was a bit of confusion on that or at least in terms of where did the prices come in. It came in as expected. The planning cycle that they are planning for when it goes up, all up until the summer of next year, the capacity shortfall that we’re anticipating will be in the summer of next year ‘16 and that’s the’16 and ‘17 planning cycle for MISO. So those results came in as expected. What we saw down in Zone 4 is what we’re going to anticipate we’re going to see in Zone 7 where year-over-year you saw a pretty dramatic change I think zone factor 10 of capacity prices with the shortfall that occurred there. So, there could be option and we’re expecting a significant increase. One other nuance that pushed this until next year is there was an extension with some retirements in our region for a few months that literally helped us get bridge the capacity all happen to the edge of next summer.
Peter Oleksiak: Conversations we’re having with them is really highlighting the need for new generation in the eight choice program where that has not been built for them, but it’s really helping us highlight its retail access issue that’s more than anything. The results of that retail access program, I know we’ve talked about this in the call, we’ll see if we get some load coming back to us, if we do, you’ll have to figure out in the short-term basis how we satisfy that low demand in longer term, we’ll roll it into our integrated resource planning process.
Peter Oleksiak: The main difference remained and Jeff was highlighting this in his talking points, is our REF business. That is tied to coal plant production and the variability around that coal plant production. The variability in that coal plant production is tied to when outages are taken at the coal plants and when they’re dispatched and depending where they’re at on the dispatch curve. So, you do see variability that occurs during the year on those coal plants. So, we did see quarter over quarter basis more coal plant production. We are anticipating relatively normalized production for the balance of the year. So we will see that variability bleed off for the balance of the year. Underlying that, there is some growth. We do have growth in our renewal projects; we have some wood waste projects came on line; we’re going to get a full year’s annual growth out of them, some landfill gas projects on line as well as I was mentioning the 8-megawatt cogeneration plant as well.
Peter Oleksiak: At one quarter end, one thing as you know what we like to do especially with the summer ahead of us in our electric business and the variability with the summer timeframe, we like to hold on reserve any type of contingency around that. We are starting off strong in our gas utility there in particular; we make the judgment call on how much do we want to reinvest that into the gas utility. And we are in any stay out period right now in terms of rate filings is one of the ways that we help stay out of rate filling is reinvesting, go lean when we can with a gas utility. And then for our non-utilities, we mentioned the P&I segment; most of that was timing; we’re expecting that to come back in from a guidance perspective. Our gas storage and pipeline business, we do have additional incremental volume that we did see in the quarter. So, they are off to a strong start but there is volume variability that still could remain in the balance of the year. So, we’re kind of holding that favorability right now for that potential variability. So, I guess it’s a long winded answer. We feel positive about the quarter. And right now we’re just reserving that favorability for the balance of the year.
Peter Oleksiak: We are not seeing any impact on the gas prices with our Bluestone Pipeline or gathering. We did sign new agreement with Southwestern; we mentioned that last year and really some northern acreage around Bluestone Pipeline; we’re doing the gathering for them there. That part of the Marcellus Shale in particular is very prolific. And so they are very bullish around getting the drilling done there; volumes are coming strong as well, no impact.
Peter Oleksiak: Andrew, I’d say it’s a good question, but I just don’t want to answer at this point in time. We’ll get into the details, it ends up being more of a design change with the capacity commitment as well as return provisions that are more fair to upholster with customers; it will be a choice by choice basis in terms of the customers currently in the program. So, I would anticipate some of that load coming back for people trying to bottom-line of that new type of structure; some could remain. So, you kind of get into the details and the economics and the decision making process with individual customers will be tough to predict.
Peter Oleksiak: The energy, where energy efficiency is going is one area of focus within this legislative progress. I know we talk a lot about the retail access piece of it, but the energy efficiency will be discussed just this week. Some of the Democrats introduced some bills around energy efficiencies and wanted to increase energy efficiencies. The Governor has mentioned a big part of his focus is on energy efficiency. We like energy efficiency; it’s good for customers; it lowers customers’ bills. And as we’re putting new generation in place, replacing fully depreciated generation, it helps from a bill and total rates perspective. From a weather load perspective, Jeff was mentioning the 0.5% growth. We’re assuming some element of energy efficiency end at 0.5% growth, probably up to 1%. So, it really would depend on the outcome of this energy efficiency program with the requirements of that and a bit more and above what we already have embedded in our long range forecast for sales growth.
Peter Oleksiak: The update is Enbridge is still considering ownership of the pipe. They are particularly in the pipeline their LDCs. They have expressed obviously -- they like to pipe itself; they expressed it in recent year-end call as well. So, they are still considering; it’s going through this normal decision making process for them. If they are not in the pipe, we get 50% ownership of a great project. So, we’re okay with either outcome.
Peter Oleksiak: The NEXUS pipeline, when I think about the NEXUS Pipeline, I would like to refer back to the Millennium Pipeline that’s a Bluestone for that. So, the NEXUS Pipeline will grow and will become a variable asset for us as the Utica Shale production grows and develops and as gas needs to get to market by those shippers. So, we’re anticipating at some point, maybe in the future we can set up for future expansions on NEXUS that’s going to help NEXUS as well as Vector which NEXUS ties into. We also have skills, knowledge on developing laterals and gatherings. So, we’re hoping opportunities around NEXUS as well on the laterals and gathering projects. And the great thing about those projects is that the gathering project, you make money on that; it goes on to a lateral which helps make money on that; it goes on the NEXUS, helps make money on that; it goes in the Vector, help makes money on that. So it’s amplification of value to that value chain. So that’s how we’re seeing NEXUS will progress over the next few years after it’s in service.
Peter Oleksiak: The effective tax rate, the way to think about that is we had strong income in the first quarter, we’re holding our total year forecast the same. So, you’re really seeing a flush of taxes, the timing of taxes on a profile in the first quarter. So, we are -- if you hold your total year forecast, the taxes will be balance out in the second, third and fourth quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: It will follow the income profile for those quarters. So, my sense is it will probably maybe be a little bit back and loaded, given our gas utility, low earnings in the second and third quarter.
Peter Oleksiak: It’ll be -- once we understand the final design, then we’ll have to be at that point in time some type of period to understand what customers under the total elimination of the broken program, it will be apparent, we have 900 megawatts out there on choice. There is some contract that they would have to work through, so they will all come back over a period or probably three-year period. Any other design, it really will be a case-by-case and really understanding what customers stay on choice, what customers come back to us. It would be some period of time after the legislation is passed and maybe a few months it as getting absorbed for us to. And as soon as we know that, we would give you guys an update in terms of what does this mean, in terms of additional megawatt that we’re going to have to serve.
Peter Oleksiak: They are off to a strong start, I can say that and when we look at them, we do target $20 million to $25 million of economic and income. So, what you’re seeing on the accounting results is some of that stronger performance falling through. Typically there is seasonality in that business. We do have a good physical portfolio of businesses that serve and deliver gas and electricity. In the first quarter, the gas was flowing which helped out the earnings there, we’re going to see that again in the fourth quarter. So there is some seasonality in that business, so the next few quarters maybe a little bit quieter. So, I can tell you that we are off to a good start there; three quarters ago that’s one of the reasons why we’re holding the guidance on accounting.
Peter Oleksiak: They’ve been holding some hearings in Lansing around that. So, there is some early work being done around that. There is a new agency that’s more going to be a policy courting agency that’s going to be involved in that working with environmental agencies as well as the MPSC. So there is early work that’s being done around coordinating and setting an overall Michigan policy that’s also lining up with the EPA requirements and having the states filed in individual plans within that. The good thing is that there is discussions happening and some really early thinking around what is going to be the structure of the state compliance process.
Peter Oleksiak: We have not disclosed at that level detail. But we have disclosed that this could be a $700 million [ph] investment assuming that the 33% ownership interest and we have given some parameters around returns that we target.
Peter Oleksiak: And Michael, on the residential, we saw this last year as well. When you got this extreme weather, you have additional conservation that happens and people will dialogue a little bit differentially, a little bit lower in their house. So we did see some additional conservation that’s playing through the residential segment.
Peter Oleksiak: A lot of it is intertwined with the EPA requirements. There was a debate a few years ago, do we do more renewable or not in Michigan? So that Washington has determined that we will, so for us to comply with the current reductions, the EPA has outlined, we will be doing more renewables. Where the supporter momentum is going is more having flexibility around that. There will be a process we’re going to be submitting in to comply with 111(d) but there is also going to be need of the state and how they want renewable to be. So renewables will be going out to file amount, determined by a combination of our 111(d) filing as well as what the state wants. I’m not anticipating any type of new standard coming and it will be more on our portfolio basis what do we need to get cleaner in terms of CO2 and other emissions.
Peter Oleksiak: More on the edge; these units are very scalable and they can handle lot of different volumes; more volumes is better. So, we’re continuing to look at those units that some units that we have on coal plant and some sites have monthly units, there may be opportunities to relocate some of those units to higher volume cola plant. It’s more on the edge.
Peter Oleksiak: The timing is, our gathering business in particular is volume based from a revenue perspective. Southwestern is as mentioning is seeing really good volumes in this region and volumes around the acreage that we’re tying or gathering too. So we’re seeing those plus the incremental volumes come through. Now, we also see there is some variability that does occur sometimes in the balance of the year, the summer timeframe, the decision Southwestern makes around pricing and volume levels, so they may fluctuate a bit. But I would say we’re off to a strong start and some of that potentially could flow to the bottom-line for that segment.
Peter Oleksiak: We don’t have a particular forecast for our zone. And what I was mentioning is that where the prices came out was where we’re anticipating then. It was relatively -- we’re anticipating to see a sizable price increase in Zone 7 is for the summer ‘16 which will be next year’s, next planning year. But I did indicate, we did see some results in Zone 4 on a year-over-year basis that came up dramatically that was a 10-time increase that may or may not -- I mean there is some element or increase will occur in Zone 7 but it’s probably good indication of what’s going to happen within one planning year when there is a shortfall that occurs.
Peter Oleksiak: We do in our long range planning the 0.5, I did mentioned we do anticipate energy efficiency there to continue occur and it’s probably a rule of thumb is probably about 1%. So we are probably at more of organic growth of 1.5%, it gets down to 0.5% through energy efficiency. What I was indicating earlier was that depending on the nature of the energy efficiency programs that are out there, they’ll all be relative to our assumption of that 1%. This is more aggressive energy efficiency and potentially it could put down 0.5% of it.
Peter Oleksiak: The Governor’s message really is aspirational. I mean he really wants us to focus on energy efficiency. The EPA 111(d) compliance credits energy efficiency. So, we also have reason to focus on energy efficiency. But more than anything, I believe he is setting a real good tone around energy efficiency in the state of Michigan.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, let me just conclude by saying that I appreciate everybody for joining us this morning. Once again, we are off to a good start here at DTE. Definitely appreciate your continued interest in DTE and hopefully everybody can be voting and supporting our Detroit based sports team. Have a great day.
