Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everybody. Today, I'll be focusing on the non-utility growth businesses, GSP and P&I. I want to give you a brief update on developments with new and existing projects. We'll begin with an update, what's happening at GSP on slide 8. So, let's start with the Link Lateral & Gathering system we purchased last year. Even though we've owned this asset for less than a year, the market interest has been very positive, and the near-term shipper activity is coming in sooner than we anticipated. Recently, renegotiated an agreement, as Gerry mentioned, with a key shipper that increases their volumes by more than double, and also lengthens the duration of their contracts on dedicated acreage that is more prolific than originally anticipated. This particular agreement requires an incremental capital investment that was contemplated in our plan. Now, the really great news is that we're seeing this type of favorable producer response on neighboring acreage as well. We will continue to work with other shippers to extend and firm up the contract terms. For the NEXUS Pipeline, as Gerry mentioned, we're still targeting an in-service date by year-end. If we get a FERC certificate in the second quarter, we feel confident about getting NEXUS in service in 2017. If the certificate drifts deeper into the summer, this project may push into early 2018. And as you know, we purposely planned a path for the pipe through Northern Ohio where we would have a number of interconnect agreements that can provide an additional load of up to 1.7 Bcf per day and have drop-off points south of Dawn, Ontario. So, we continue to feel really good about the pipe and its dynamics. Now, moving on to the Millennium Pipeline. Last month, Millennium received a favorable environmental assessment from the FERC for its expansion. Now, this is an important step as we move forward towards completing the additional 0.2 Bcf a day of transportation capacity providing service to New York. This expansion is scheduled to be completed in the second half of 2018. Another project we want to highlight is a new 14-mile natural gas Lateral Pipeline in Birdsboro, Pennsylvania. The Lateral will connect the combined cycle natural gas plant for the Texas Eastern Pipeline. We expect the pipe to be in service in the second quarter of 2018. And along with the Birdsboro Pipeline, we're in advanced discussions with other counterparties for similar growth opportunities. These were all meaningful steps in continuing to grow our GSP platforms. So now let me turn to our P&I business on slide nine. At P&I, we've been talking about strategic opportunities recently. As Gerry mentioned, we have two new landfill gas projects, and a project that includes the construction of combined heat and power plant. First project is an acquisition of an operating landfill gas plant, which we just closed on earlier this week. Second project is in advanced stage development landfill gas project that includes construction of a new plant. All of the permitting and right-of-way is complete and we expect to be operational on the first half of 2018. Both sites have existing contracts and we use technology and equipment similar to our other landfill gas facilities. So these are really great fit for us, especially considering the extensive experience our P&I group has in the landfill gas recovery with 19 operating sites in eight states. We believe these new acquisitions are a sign of future opportunities, and are looking at additional opportunities similar to the two just announced. In addition, we have a combined heat and power plant project we're working on and feel really good about. We participated in the selection process and we were the selected party. We still have details to work through, but are expecting approval in the middle of this year and should be able to announce something later this year. These landfill gas project when combined with the CHP project will fill around one-thirds of the new projects needed at P&I to achieve the 2021 earnings target. We'll update you as these projects progress. And now, I'll turn it over to Peter who will provide a financial update for the quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Julien, there is follow up in our last rate order, the Commission asked us to file a five-year plan for our distribution business. And so what we're doing right now is working with the Commission staff prior to that filing, and exchanging our thoughts with them. And so in the fall, we will file a formal five-year plan, and that will start to eliminate what some of our detailed plans are. And I think the Commission wanted this, because we will be in regular rate cases, and they want to, to the best of their ability, to be supportive of our agenda with our distribution business.
Jerry Norcia: Well, it will certainly look at the capital plans that will be required, right? So, I think there'll be financial descriptions of what we're trying to accomplish. But I think what you'll see is, what Gerry mentioned, I think you'll see tree trimming be a big part of the agenda. I think you'll see automation and sensing devices at our substations as well as on our circuits. And I think you'll see modernization of wires that are old, poles that are old, substations, breakers, transformers, all of that will be described.
Jerry Norcia: It has moved forward. We are in what I would call detailed contract negotiations, and both parties expect to take this to their boards before the end of the second quarter.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. I think the second one will come here shortly. I think we're in the process of finalizing that deal. And we're also looking at a slate of other projects that we're in discussions with parties, but not as advanced.
Jerry Norcia: When you look at it from a quarter-over-quarter, it's approximately $20 million after tax of storm expense.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I grew up in Windsor. So I am a Red Wings fan and have been forever. But I am watching our old coach, Babcock, real closely over there. He's done a heck of a job.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. We typically will not give project-level of income. But I can let you know the AFUDC does kind of approximate the income for the project once it goes in service. That's why there's really not a big material impact 2017, 2018.
Jerry Norcia: I would just support those thoughts that really what governs our capital agenda in the distribution business is affordability. So we'd lead with our interest of our customers first which is affordability and reliability. And the inventory of distribution investments really does exceed our affordability goals. So, that's how we're building our investment agendas. We're setting an affordability goal along with the set of reliability goals and trying to fit that all together. If we find that our productivity – we're able to accelerate our productivity improvements, then we will have the opportunity to accelerate our investment agenda in the distribution business because the inventory is very large.
Jerry Norcia: You'll find our cost structures are very, very good once they've gotten through that investment agenda.
Jerry Norcia: So let me start with two pipes, our pipe NEXUS and Rover. Just for clarity, those pipes connect to our Vector Pipeline which we own with Enbridge. And those two pipes are really displacing existing supply into the Vector Pipeline. We are not expanding the Vector Pipeline into Dawn. So there's been a notion that NEXUS and Rover are going to flood the Dawn market and that's not going to happen because we're going to displace supplies coming in from Chicago which really come from Western Canada. So it's really a displacement, Western Canadian gas. And it's my expectation that NEXUS will be much more competitive to deliver volumes that are sourced 250 miles away in Pennsylvania and West Virginia than volumes that are sourced from 3,000 miles away in Western Canada. I know that TransCanada has made a proposal to highly discount their rates. I think the prospect of that happening will be determined by regulators both in Ontario, Quebec, as well as the National Energy Board. I think there'll be a lot of discussion around that.
Jerry Norcia: We're working on terminals out long term. There may be some short-term contracts, but primary objective is to get those contracted out. We are working with a handful of parties. I think as we see construction start on this pipe, it's our belief that we'll start to see these conversations firm up into contracts.
Jerry Norcia: We've gotten one of those shippers to go firm and go long-term on two of those interconnects, but I think we will see a lot more of that activity go firm once the pipeline starts construction.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Jerry. And good morning to everyone on the call. I'm going to start on slide 11. This slide shows our quarter-over-quarter operating earnings by segment. As Gerry mentioned up-front, DTE is off to a great start, just like my Detroit Tigers who are currently in first place and has scored 32 runs in the last two games. Operating earnings for the first quarter were $1.79 per share. For reference, our reported earnings were $2.23 per share. And for a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings, please refer to the slide 23 of the appendix. Now, let's touch on each segment in details starting at the top with our electric utility. DTE Electric's earnings were $106 million for the quarter, down $21 million compared to the first quarter of last year. The lower earnings were mainly driven by significant weather events that affected the electric utility, and as Gerry mentioned this quarter, we experienced the largest wind storm in our company's history. And this was the third warmest first quarter on record, warmer than the first quarter of last year. O&M expenses were higher related to planned outage projects in addition to some timing that we expect to reverse as we move through the year. This is partially offset by the implementation of new rates last August. A further breakdown of DTE Electric's quarter-over-quarter results can be found in the appendix on slide 15. Moving down to DTE Gas, earnings were $107 million, up $20 million quarter-over-quarter primarily driven by the new rates implemented last November which were offset by the warmer weather. Keep in mind, as well that the infrastructure recovery mechanism surcharge was rolled into base rates in our recent rate case. This will drive some variability in the revenue timings due to moving from a consistent monthly surcharge to a volume-based recognition of these rates. Meaning, for 2017, revenue will be higher in the first and fourth quarters and lower in the second and third quarters due to this timing. Gas storage and pipelines earnings were $45 million for the quarter, up $15 million over last year due to the higher pipeline and gathering earnings and some timing of expenses. We expect the timing favorability reverse through the balance of the year and this timing was roughly $5 million. Moving down the slide, earnings at power and industrial projects were $30 million for the quarter, up $9 million from the first quarter of last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher REF volumes and fuel-related earnings which were offset by lower renewable earnings. Our power and industrial segment is still on track to meet its earnings guidance for the year. Moving down to earnings for the Corporate and Other, there were $16 million for the quarter, $23 million favorable to last year due to a third quarter 2016 accounting, as well as timing of taxes. The accounting change was around $13 million for this quarter and related to simplifying GAAP accounting for taxes on stock-based compensation. The timing of taxes, this favorability will reverse through the balance of the year. Earnings for our growth segments for the first quarter were $304 million, or $1.70 per share compared $258 million, or $1.43 per share last year. To round out our operating earnings, we include the results of our energy trading segment, and they were off to another strong start. The first quarter operating earnings were $18 million, up $2 million from the first quarter last year, and we have our typical reconciliation of operating to accounting in the appendix on slide 22. Their economic contribution was $19 million for the quarter, and on track to achieve the annual economic earnings of $20 million to $25 million. Remember there was seasonality in this business, and we typically waited until later in the year to assess the trading company's accounting incomes contribution before we update guidance. Now, I'll wrap it up on slide 12, and then open it up – the line for questions. Once again, we had a strong first quarter. Even with the record weather event and good amount of unfavorable weather, I'm confident that we'll achieve our 2017 operating EPS guidance of $5.15 to $5.46 per share. Our utility investment approach remains focused on improving reliability and the customer's experience while maintaining affordability. The strength of our utilities and the growth at our non-utility businesses gives me confidence that we'll continue to deliver premium shareholder returns. With that, I'd like to thank everyone for joining this morning. So, Kim, you can open up the line for questions.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. Paul, the accounting changes, the accounting standard (22:07) third quarter last year we're really seeing the impact of it this quarter as the interchange related to the full recognition of tax benefits relates to stock-based compensation. In the past, this was split between income statement and the balance sheet. Now you're seeing the full amount in the income statement.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It's $13 million after tax was the income that pull through (49:19). And the amount is larger than we're contemplating at this point in guidance, but we also will take that in consideration.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It'll move around a bit. Really, the difference here is the stock price and the date of grant versus the date of issuance. So that three-year window, that price change will flow through. So you may see a little bit of changes through the year, but we issue in the first quarter, so that's where you're going to see basically the majority of the improvement flow through.
Peter B. Oleksiak: And this is also something we can ask and predict, so we'll put a part of our financial planning process.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It's some contemplated in the original guidance. This is higher than we are anticipating, given the stock price movement.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. I think that's something right now since we're in deep discussions with our counterparties. We're not going to disclose at this point in time.
Peter B. Oleksiak: And when you look at the AFUDC, it's a pretty standard calculation as you go through and what you're seeing is approximately there.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, I'll turn to Peter. And then he mentioned two items. One was some tax where there's timing and the other was an accounting change, where that change will be a permanent add to earnings. But Peter, why don't you.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, the start is ahead of our pro forma. That's always a good thing. But we did, as you mentioned, in our long-term plan, had a significant step-up in our earnings related to this acquisition and I would look at what we've seen early on here as a contribution to those long-term earnings, although the contributions come faster than our pro forma had suggested.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, that's the same one we mentioned on the year-end call, and it's both a CHP project and a significant onsite energy project combined with it. And yes, that's the same one, continues to move its way through engineering detail and board approvals on both sides. So as soon as we've got specific approval to move ahead, we will fill you all in.
Gerard M. Anderson: Actually, we've done that and the other side has got a board meeting scheduled. So, we expect it to go in their second quarter meeting. Yeah, the stage we're in now is detailed engineering work.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I think that it's still the right way to think about it. We do think there will be more of these landfill deals coming, and we're working on a host of them. So, there'd probably be a part of the picture that's going to be that filled in. But yeah, I think the description we gave back on the year-end call is still accurate.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. So, we're up a bit. We have talked about the 80%. We're up a bit versus that. This moved us north a bit.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. There aren't designated windows. We've sometimes attempted settlements, but the general course in electric cases is, they've simply run their course. And unless, we're surprised, that's what we'd expect here. We think it will be a pretty straightforward case tied to investments and infrastructure and so that would be our expectation. It's the, by the way, the last case that we'll play out under the former construct of 12 months with a six month self-implementation. So we would be expecting we'll self implement six months into the case.
Gerard M. Anderson: So just a little back, I don't think we're ready to come out with specific numbers related to the productivity. Yet, we're still driving end of those. We have a feel for the scale, but the absolute timing and so forth we need to work our way through the timing of the agenda. But as I said, if you go back and trace companies who have done this well and their experience over time, they're real.
Gerard M. Anderson: The other thing is that – so, Jerry was clear. We've been asked this question many times on what NEXUS and Rover had been bringing a lot of incremental volume? The answer is no. It's a displacement. So, we've seen the volumes – Western Canadian gas volumes from Chicago all de-contracted as we contracted up Marcellus and Utica volumes from Ohio and geographies nearby. So those two don't bring any incremental. There's probably some of that dynamic going on with the TransCanada pipeline as well, although we're not inside that one, but they have contracts rolling over as well and so they're trying to manage their portfolio. And as Jerry said, this will be a complex approval process because there're a lot of shippers and there's question of treating all shippers equally and so forth. So they'll work their way through that, but we don't expect it to be a quick process. So, all that said, I meant what I said at the outset. When we get the FERC approval, shovels go on the ground and we start building. And we're really confident this can be a great addition to our portfolio.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I think shovels will certainly go on the ground and NEXUS well in advance of TransCanada having that whole picture cleared out. But they're sourcing from different suppliers and they're dealing with their own dynamics on that pipe. So, I'm not going to speak for them or their dynamics. I'd simply say that we have a set of shippers and we have good discussions going on with additional shippers. We got a lot of volume, we think we'll bring from Ohio. We think this is going to be a great pipe to deliver our storage to other markets. NEXUS will be delivered storage from Michigan outbound to other markets. So we really just don't see it contingent on these dynamics on TransCanada. And so, as I said, when we get approval here in the coming weeks, we'll start building.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, none of the contracts will be affected, the contracts we have on the pipe. And the interconnection agreements in Ohio, we've signed a deal down in Northern Ohio, but a lot of those are going to play out as the pipe goes into construction. That's just what history shows. Those move when the pipe moves.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, I'm just going to say that we have been asked, do any of your contracts to customers have options? The answer to that, no. They're all firm and firm for a long time.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. The REF, we saw our capacity factors at some of the plants were up above – really above plan in quarter-over-quarter. And then we had some sort of the same thing, but in reverse on the renewable side, we had some capacity factors that were down a bit there, so there was a trade.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, if you could go all the way back to the beginning, there was a lot going on early in the administration, right? So we were hoping that – if you recall the first quarter call, we were hoping they'd move a single candidate. I think they had a right for single candidate, but they chose not to. So, once they got around to getting their arms around the FERC appointment process, they decided to go with a slate, and a couple of the members of the slate didn't have their background checks and clearances, so they've needed to work their way through that process. And that always takes time. You wish you could – you wish and you kind of think it would be done quickly, but it isn't. It just takes weeks to get done. And then the Senate's been on recess here recently. They just came back. So, we're waiting and the word we get – the word we're getting, we're staying close to this as positive, that they are moving the candidates, the vetting process is happening, that the dialogue in the Senate between Murkowski and Cantwell is active and constructive. McConnell's informed and involved in the dialogue. The dialogue is back and forth with the administration. So, I think the signals are all constructive. It just takes time. It's the way things are moving in Washington right now. By the way, I think what we're hearing from the Democratic side on this one is that they understand the importance of these projects to jobs and moving the economy along. So, it appears that they'll play a constructive role in the confirmation process as well.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. They can be very long lived, 30 years or more. So, they go way beyond kind of the typical contract life, and they rise and then have a gradual decline over time. But in a lot of these, they also are continuing to grow in scale. So sometimes you'll see them rise for a couple of decades and then decline.
Gerard M. Anderson: (50:18) if that is a standard number. I don't know, there's a standard number. Really, it depends upon how your share price moves from the date of issuance to three years down the road. And so generally, over the past – if you take the past five, six years, our share price has been moving up. This would have been consistently a positive for us. On the other hand...
Gerard M. Anderson: ...up in the other direction, it could be a negative. But as long as we keep performing and share price keeps responding, it generally would be a positive.
Gerard M. Anderson: We always face this when we've got multiple negotiations with counterparties on similar projects that we don't want to get into investment amounts of returns because parties are always trying to do cross tabs between their discussion with you and other projects you're doing. So I don't mean to be opaque, but it doesn't service when we're having these sorts of negotiations.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. We can update you on what the segment looks like as we get more of these sort of played through.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, we did communicate a $30 million roll-off. And if you look at our plans, we also have a $10 million growth over this period. So we're looking for – it'd really be about a third of the $40 million number, a little more than a third is what these projects would contribute to that $40 million.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think we'll still be in regular rate cases, but it has to change the amount, right? So, companies that are going through fundamental infrastructure renewal without driving productivity are going to be some big asks. And our goal, we're going to still need to be in rate cases, but we just need to moderate the size of the ask and that's our goal.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. And I'd just reiterate what I said at the beginning of the call. One quarter in, I feel really good about the way things are progressing so far this year, not only on this year's earnings but on a number of the projects and investments related to future growth. So we look forward to providing you updates as we move our way through the year. Thanks again for joining us.
