Dave Ruud: Sure yes. We are - as you mentioned, Nick, we're going to give more guidance on our capital plans at EEI. But you're right, we have a good opportunity with the IRP and the IRA to invest some additional capital. We do have a strong balance sheet, and rating agencies are comfortable with where we're at in our position. So we have a little flexibility there with our capital structure that we can support these investments before we have to use additional equity too. So we'll get more detail at EEI. But I think you're right, we do see some additional capital opportunity due to the IRP and what the IRA allowed us to do.
Dave Ruud: Yes, hi Jeremy, this is Dave. It's - as we said, we're always looking at our portfolio, considering options. We did see the Antero sale, and I think it really highlights the value that others see for RNG and really the growth potential for RNG. And so this gives us confidence that we're going to find more high-growth potential projects. But also will make us continue to look to make sure that we're doing what's best for the long-term value of our shareholders. Right now, we're just really confident in our business development pipeline. We continue to grow that and continue to find really accretive projects for us.
Dave Ruud: We have some really good projects that are in our pipeline right now. Some of these are conversions and some - and with the IRA, some of them become even more attractive. So we still have a really strong business development pipeline that we see in the Vantage business.
Dave Ruud: Yes. We have had a strong year in 2022. And as we look at our portfolio over the few years, we do try to balance what we can do in '22 and '23 across all our businesses. So we have been able to find some opportunity to help 2023 as we go through this year, too, because as you've seen, '22 has been a nice strong year for us.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we do our roll forward, we always go back to original guidance. So this will be on 2022 original guidance.
Dave Ruud: We have a tendency to plan conservatively, and we look at a lot of risk and opportunities in our plan, we look at that every week and look at the challenges. So we are confident that depending or irregardless of how rates move, regardless how rates move, we will be able to offset those with other things within our plan.
Dave Ruud: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes, right now, we're looking at it as written. So we think that the way it's written, it does apply to things like storm repairs and doesn't get the favorable treatment under the AMT. Even with that, we don't see that this is going to have a big income or cash impact on our plan. We do know that EEI is advocating to have this included and we would benefit from that also. But we've already modeled that we can mitigate any cash or income impact from the AMT for the most part.
Dave Ruud: Yes. For - it's a little different across the agencies. But right now, we're around 16% FFO to debt. You can see the thresholds by rating agencies are in the 13% to 14% range. So we do have some cushion there to those levels.
Dave Ruud: Well, we'll see the details as they get specified over the next year. But understanding what's going to happen in the - at the high level for our generation, it can all be incorporated in the IRP and then how the - how it goes into our plan, we can - we feel like we can model that. But how it plays out specifically is still yet to be decided as you know.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we feel comfortable with where we're headed in multi ALJ positions and staff positions. If you think various components of that are quite supportive of our plan. So we view it as supportive of our long-term plan. And certainly, there's a strong alignment to make the investments in the grid as well as clean generation. So there's strong alignment there as well.
Jerry Norcia: Great question. So the IRA had a very positive impact on IRP from two perspectives. One, certainly lowered the cost of all of our investments in renewables as well as long-term, it improved the outlook for carbon capture and storage in our IRP so very positive benefit to affordability, which allowed us to accelerate our transition. And so, I think you'll see that when we roll that out next week so very positive impact from the IRA. And of course, you know what the tax credits are, $26 per megawatt hour on solar and wind and PTCs on nuclear. All of those are going to have a beneficial impact to our plan. In terms of tax equity, with the IRA and the provisions in that IRA, making tax credits transferable, we no longer need tax equity structure, which significantly simplifies our plan, but also removes an investment partner. So we have now the opportunity to invest greater amounts in our renewables build-out so very positive impact overall.
Jerry Norcia: The way we're looking at Vantage right now, Shar, is that it will be - our nonutility business will be 10% of our portfolio. But the IRA, the investment tax credit for RNG of 30% just made the projects we were looking at even more economic, significantly lifted the IRRs of many of the projects that we are looking at. And then the cogen investment tax credit of 30%, that also helps projects that we've got in the pipeline become much more economic. So we're excited about that. So that 10% that we're looking to create and continue to create advantage has just become much more economic. The last one is carbon capture and storage, which we've started to explore and have some interesting small opportunities in that arena as well, which not only will be beneficial to Vantage, but it will also be beneficial to our electric utility as we think about carbon capture and storage as it relates to our generation assets. So we're really starting to understand that business in a deeper way. So overall, I would say the impact on Vantage from the IRA, again, was quite positive. This IRA has had significant impact in our thinking as it relates to our electric utility as well as Vantage in terms of creating more opportunity in both business segments.
Jerry Norcia: Yes look at - our business development pipeline, as we look out a few years, is well stocked with high-return projects in the RNG space. And we've also got a few industrial projects, cogen projects that we're pursuing that will bring value - long-term value to the Vantage business unit. So feels like the pipeline to us is very strong in terms of growth with high-quality investments.
Jerry Norcia: Sure, so as we look at the Commission order, our discussions with the Commission continue to be really collaborative. And I would say the relationship is in a good place. Ultimately, I think the result of this order is that it will create even stronger alignment as it relates to our investment agenda. Just to give you a feel for it, our system, on average, operates at about 99.9% availability. Best-in-class is 99.97% availability of the grid. So you can see that this is a highly reliable industry when it comes to providing power to our customers. And all of our investment plans are really pointed at how do we get to that 99.97% availability for our grid. So I feel that this process with the Commission will create stronger alignment. And there's a lot of value for our customers to go even from 99.9% to 99.97%, and we'll start to lay all that out, and it will be - I believe it will be a good process, and it will come to a good conclusion.
Jerry Norcia: Well, when I look at our circuitry, we've got systems that need to be replaced and modernized and automated. And as we rebuilt new circuits, and upgrade those circuits and modernize them, it's going to require a significant amount of capital investment. And I think you'll see that in our planning as we roll out our new plan at EEI. We continue to accelerate this strategic capital that we're investing in a grid in addition to our maintenance capital. But it will be primarily a capital-driven process.
Jerry Norcia: I'll start, and I'll turn it over to Dave into. But overall, net positive. We view our ability to invest on behalf of our customers to really transform our generation fleet to a cleaner, more reliable fleet as a significant opportunity, and that will be the basis of our IRP. And also, the investment in the grid to drive increased resiliency and reliability of the grid will be a significant opportunity for us. So this is going to create a transformative opportunity in how we deliver power and produce power for our customers, but also create a very significant investment opportunity for our investors to invest against all of this. And many of our investments are pointed at areas that will reduce operating costs as well. So for example, our generation transformation will be a net positive to our customers. Investing in our grid ultimately would be a net positive to our customers. So we're pretty excited. And this historic really transformation that we're undertaking at DTE for our electric company.
Jerry Norcia: Well, it's been an extraordinary year for our voluntary renewables program. Actually, as a matter of fact, this week, we executed - or in the process of executing an agreement for another 400 megawatts of sales long-term commitments. This takes us now to a total of 2,100 megawatts sold, which is well above our expectations at where we would be at this point in time. So we'll provide an update at EEI as to how do we see this progress and the success impacting our long-term plan. So we'll update you on that. But it's been an extraordinary success story.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've got significant opportunities in front of us. The pipeline is strong, and we'll continue to grow that program. And then as we look at transformation of our generation fleet, that will also bring new opportunity to the renewables fleet. So renewables will be a big part of our agenda going forward here at DTE.
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, we've worked well with various administrations over our history, Republican-dominated administrations, Democrat-dominated administrations. We'll see what happens in November, but it feels like the compact that exists today will likely remain intact in terms of the political structure. But we'll know more after election day. But whatever the results, we feel that we have productive relationships and that there's clear understanding by Republicans and Democrats what our investment agenda is and what the purpose of our agenda is and strong support for that.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I would say, Anthony, we did an extensive amount of stakeholder engagement throughout this process, more than I believe we've ever done. And so that's been quite valuable to us. And - but I would say, most revealing for us was when we tested our customer opinions across broad demographics what we saw was strong alignment with our IRP. And that will certainly be very evident when we file the IRP, engagement with other stakeholders, regulators and legislators, I would say, support. Of course, as we get into the details, we'll have to work out those details, and I'm sure that some stakeholders will have different opinions, but I'm pretty confident we're going to work through all of that and end up with a really strong IRP that supports a transformation - fundamental transformation of our generation fleet.
Jerry Norcia: I would say the constraint is keeping that portfolio at 10% of our overall enterprise in terms of earnings and EPS. But what I do see with high IRRs is greater contributions to sort of more efficient capital deployment, if you will, as we see higher IRRs, so very juicy projects. That means we'll invest less capital and get the same EPS.
Jerry Norcia: We've had a pretty strong hedging program with LCFS and also how we place some of our federal products. And we've got a combination of what I would call financial hedges against these sales as well as fixed long-term sales, price sales, price that are priced. That's helping to balance any sort of fluctuations that we may get, as well as we build contingency into that plan to accommodate any positions that might remain open.
Jerry Norcia: Well, look at, if we saw an opportunity to harvest and get more value than we see, we're always open to that. And I think we've got a long track record of doing that in nonutility businesses. We've reinvented ourselves in this space, 3x and 4x since I've been at DTE. And we've always been very successful in building these businesses. And at the time presents itself and the opportunity presents itself to harvest and create incremental value for our investors, we're up for that. And we're looking at that all the time.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll close by saying that DTE has had a very successful third quarter, and we're feeling great about the remainder of the year, as well as our position for future years. I'll look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in a couple of weeks. Have a great morning, stay healthy and stay safe.
