David Slater: Thanks, Jerry, for the kind words. The next year will be a defining period for our industry, and I look forward to ensuring that policymakers and regulators understand the importance of natural gas in the lower carbon future. I’ll start on Slide 9. As Jerry mentioned earlier, our spin transaction is well underway, and we recently initiated the Form-10 process. This keeps us firmly on schedule for a midyear spin. I’ll now discuss the successes Midstream achieved across all of our platforms last year and then go over the execution of our spin transaction. We placed LEAP in service last summer, ahead of schedule and under budget. It is a 155 mile, 36 inch pipeline that extends our gathering system to the Gulf Coast Interstate systems and LNG export markets. This asset is a great addition to our portfolio. We delivered strong financial results this year across all of our platforms, producing strong adjusted EBITDA of $713 million, which was above plan. We also executed a three year contract on NEXUS with our Ohio utility, and we continue to see strong interest in NEXUS capacity. Overall, portfolio continues to be well contracted. Our major customers are in solid positions, connected to premium markets and have minimal near-term debt maturities. I also wanted to mention that Midstream recently announced a net zero emissions target by 2050, making us one of the first companies in the Midstream sector to announce such a goal. We intend to use every tool available to reach our sustainability targets and believe this will evolve to become a significant opportunity over time for Midstream. With the position of our assets and the strength of our counterparties and contracts, the Midstream company has highly visible cash flows and a stable long-term outlook. We remain focused on disciplined capital deployment to fuel our growth and are supported by a flexible, well-capitalized balance sheet. The creation of an independent Midstream C-Corp will provide the opportunity to leverage these positive attributes to further advance the company and create value. Now let’s turn to Slide 10. The Midstream business has been transformed over the last decade and a solid, steady, strategic transformation has positioned Midstream to become an industry leader it is today. We felt that naming the company DTE Midstream will allow us to build on DTE’s legacy of success as we progress on our new journey. As I said earlier, the spin is well underway with the expected completion by midyear. We began the SEC Form 10 initial registration process earlier this month. We will be leading with the rating agencies and initiating a debt raise in the second quarter. Throughout this process, we will be hosting events with analysts and investors and are planning to hold a roadshow in June. I am feeling very optimistic about our leadership team. As we mentioned on the last earnings call, Bob Skaggs will be the Executive Chairman of the Board. I am pleased to announce that Jeff Jewell, who is currently Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer of DTE Energy, will become the CFO of DTE Midstream. I have worked with Jeff for years, and I can tell you that both Bob and I are delighted to have him join our leadership team. He is a highly qualified expert and has a solid track record of delivering results. I am confident that Midstream is well positioned for the future. Our seasoned leadership team, proven track record of success and our unique set of assets will allow us to deliver strong financial results year after year. 2021 will continue this track record with a targeted EBITDA range of $710 million to $750 million and a strong capital structure with an initial 4 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio and a 2 times dividend coverage ratio that will provide financial flexibility. The portfolio generates significant cash flow and is well positioned to create value for our investors. The spin will provide Midstream strategic opportunities and optionality to continue this record of success. And I’m looking forward to talking to many of you between now and the spin completion. Now I’ll turn it over to Dave Ruud to discuss DTE’s financial performance.
David Slater: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy, for the question, and that’s very topical, given it’s on the news every night. So yes, first off, our Midstream assets performed really well. I’m proud of the operating team in the field. They saw that weather coming in and started to take actions in advance of that to make sure our system operated reliably, so it has. We have seen from a customer/producer perspective well freeze-offs, and it’s really driven by an extended period of very frigid weather in the Louisiana, Texas area. And that, over time, does affect production. That said, it looks like the weather is breaking today and tomorrow. We expect that those volumes will come back online over the weekend and into the beginning of next week. So there has been a short-term production reduction that occurred and – but it’s going to be bouncing back fairly quickly.
David Slater: Sure. I can take that. I think it should be fairly steady across the year, Jeremy. I don’t see any significant lumpiness over the year. So it should be fairly steady.
David Slater: Yes. Jeremy, when we’ve talked about this in the past, the two that I referenced would be Equitrans and Williams, Equitrans is similar size. They focused in the Appalachia. We are more diversified than they are. But in terms of size and portfolio composition, we’re similar to them. And then Williams, they’re larger than we are. But again, in terms of focus primarily on gas and the portfolio composition. So those are the two that we kind of point to as proxies. I believe that we’re going to have a pretty strong portfolio and with a strong, clean future in front of us. So we expect to trade to have a strong multiple on our EBITDA.
David Slater: Yes. I’m just thinking out loud here in Q3, there may have been a few onetime items that rolled through the portfolio in Q3. But again, I think as I look forward, I don’t see any large bumps quarter-by-quarter right now. So I think a ratable view is probably appropriate.
David Slater: Yes, I’ll take it. And Dave Ruud, you can fill in. So maybe I’ll start with the roadshow and what to expect on the roadshow. So that will be the opportunity for the – for DTE Midstream to provide guidance basically for the first time as a stand-alone company. So as we work through the debt raise and sort of lock down a lot of variables, then I think we’ll be in a position to provide more clarity and color. Our goal is to provide best-in-class guidance in the midstream space. As you know, the midstream space, what’s normal there is different than what’s normal in the utility space. So our goal will be to provide as much visibility into the company and really be distinctive in that regard. In terms of some of the details around the dividend, we’re publicly communicating we’ll have a 2 times dividend coverage ratio. We’ve not provided the exact number on the dividend. And again, you should expect that in the roadshow. But Dave Ruud, I don’t know if you wanted to add any more color to the dividend question.
David Slater: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Yes, that's a very good question and topical in the country right now. So first off, in January, we announced a net zero by 2050 target for the Midstream business with a milestone of getting 30% of the way there by the end of this decade. So there'll be lots of actions that we'll take around that, but I'd say at the very highest level, Steve, there is a significant opportunity to decarbonize the energy infrastructure that carries natural gas. Just to frame it up, it carries about a third of the energy we consume every day in North America. So it's a massive energy distribution system and just as DTE has successfully decarbonized and is on a pathway to decarbonize the electric grid. I believe the same opportunity exists for the natural gas energy distribution system. So that I expect that over time, that's going to take capital investments and creating the policy framework to enable those capital investments I think is important. So I'm kind of pivoting now to the INGAA conversation and at INGAA, I announced two weeks ago a statement on behalf of the industry that the industry is committed to a net zero aspiration by 2050. So there's definitely a desire to move in this direction amongst all the industry participants and work closely with the new administration and just societal requirements to move to a lower carbon footprint. So again, I think over time, this is going to create investment opportunities in the infrastructure. And I think the task before us right now is to – we have a lot of great technology that can be deployed quickly. That's what I'll call on-the-shelf technology, working with the regulators to create the framework, to allow that to happen across the industry broadly.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. The primary focus will be our capital investment plan, continuing to build out, modernize our electric grid. So our investments in the wires business will be front and center in that filing, along with continued investment in clean generation and, of course, typical capital investments to maintain the system in good working order. So those would be the key priorities.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. I think as we’ve shown in our growth plans at EEI, we have very large backlog of capital for infrastructure that needs to be deployed, both on our electric business and gas business. And then P&I segment is obviously focused on renewable natural gas and cogeneration, that will drive a nice growth profile there. So overall, based on a large inventory of capital that we need to deploy on behalf of our customers, we see a very good strong growth rate for DTE post-spin of 5% to 7% EPS growth.
Jerry Norcia: So I’ll start by saying that our assets operated quite well across all of our platforms. Some of our customers in our southern platform had issues, but perhaps I’ll let David Slater describe that in a little more detail.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll say this, that at our Energy Trading operations, we’ve got very small positions. And typically, we’re long. So we have seen some favorability that will roll through the Energy Trading business for sure.
Jerry Norcia: So at the highest level, Julien, as I mentioned, we have small positions, but we find ourselves typically long in those positions. So the impact on commodity prices has actually provided favorable trends for our trading business, certainly in the last several days.
Jerry Norcia: We are thinking about it, Jonathan. I – we are running many scenarios right now internally, understand is there an opportunity to accelerate our retirement schedule for our coal assets. As you know, we still have a very large coal operation. And currently, we’re forecasted to retire our Belle River Power Plant, which is about 1,200 megawatts in 2030. So we’re looking at ways to accelerate that, which is our first retirement that – in our lens this decade; and then our Monroe Power Plant, which is a very large coal facility, almost 3,000 megawatts. We’re looking at ways to potentially accelerate the retirement of that up from 2040. So much more to come on that, but we are deep into that analysis right now. And we’re required to file an IRP in 2023. And we will detail all of that then.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I'll start, then I'll turn it over to Dave Ruud, but certainly, the success that we expect in 2021 is driven by some of the work that we did in 2020 as it relates to the cost reductions. And also strengthens our plan long-term as you saw at EEI, we pulled forward $2 billion in investments into the electric business in order to accelerate our modernization program for the electric grid. That was a result of a lot of the learnings that we experienced in 2020. Now some of those cost reductions are one-time in nature, and I'll let Dave Ruud describe some of those as well.
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, we will target the delay rate cases as long as we possibly can. We think that that’s a benefit to our customers, and we’ll continue to look for creative ways to do that. We are exploring ways to do that right now with the commission staff. So we’ll report more on that as the year progresses, and that’s related to our electric rate case. Right now, we’re targeting a May filing, but we’re looking at creative ways perhaps to delay that even further. So more to come on that, but always working on ways to reduce the impact of our investments on our customers.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. At this point in time, we expect our gas rate case to be pretty straightforward. It’s really about our main replacement program and our meter newbuild program. So it’s really all about infrastructure renewal. So we expect it to be pretty straightforward.
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, I expect the conversation to be around making sure that there’s enough baseload generation and a well-functioning capacity market in certain deregulated markets. What I will say about Michigan is that we’re a highly regulated market here and – such that you can allow for good planning, good long-term planning and making sure that we have reliable sources of generation. So I feel really good about our position in Michigan. I think in deregulated states, there’ll probably be a pretty robust conversation about the suitability of capacity markets.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. Great question, Anthony. So first, I’ll say that the volatility in Michigan was much more muted than it was in the rest of the country, so that’s one. Two, our gas utility, when it enters the winter, it’s usually 95% fixed already in terms of price. And then for the prompt year, it’s about 50%; and then the third year, 25%. So we have a good hedging program, if you will, for commodity prices. So this volatility, even though it was muted in Michigan, will have, I would say, negligible impacts on our customers.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll say this, when we speak to legislators and regulators in the State of Michigan, they view gas as fundamental to our energy future and to our current status. It was minus five degrees here in Detroit a couple of days ago. And I got to tell you when it’s minus five degrees. I think there’s a very strong appreciation for our ability to deliver natural gas to homes and businesses to make sure that they stay warm and comfortable. So in cold climates, natural gas is highly valued by our customers and by our legislators and by our regulators.
Jerry Norcia: So David, we’re still seeing a strong pipeline of growth opportunities. And I have not seen our unlevered IRRs being impacted by new entrants. We’re still able to originate and find really strong-returning RNG projects. And I would say the simple cash feedbacks are still in the order of three to five years.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we’re seeing the – the LCFS has been a very stable market and well defined by the California regulators. And they continue to advance interest and requirements in that space to make that market very attractive. The RFS market had a little bit of volatility over the last several years. So we took a pretty conservative view of that market and continue to do so. But we are starting to see – last year, we saw more stabilization there, and it was really around volume requirements where we needed things to see things stabilize. And we have started to see that. And with the new administration and leadership at EPA, I think that trend will continue the stabilization and certainty of the federal markets. So it makes our R&D projects quite attractive to have a strong, stable LCFS market as well as a stabilizing federal market.
Jerry Norcia: We’re seeing – our trading company has actually been able to take contracts out as far as three years. And so we have a pretty robust hedging program. We also have some longer-term fixed-price contracts that are bilateral in nature. And then, of course, we leave a little bit open. So that’s the way we’re approaching that market right now.
Jerry Norcia: Well, look, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I’ll just close by saying again that I’m extremely proud of our team and how we’ve delivered during 2020. We are well positioned to achieve our 5% to 7% operating earnings growth target in the future. And I hope everyone has a great morning, and stay healthy and safe.
Dave Ruud: Sure. Yes, over the three-year period, you see the $1.3 billion of converts come in, in 2022. But besides that, we do think we’ll be at the low end of our equity plan during that period.
Dave Ruud: Well, you can also see that we have it on one of the slides that we were targeting at 18% FFO-to-debt prior to the spin. But we have talked to the rating agencies, and this will be credit-enhancing for the company. And so we are able to reposition that 18% to a 60% FFO-to-debt and still be in a consistent place on our ratings and our positions there.
Dave Ruud: When we talked to EEI, this was part of how we were able to be at the lower end of our equity needs – or to lower equity needs. And now this additional cash push us down to the lower end of that…
Dave Ruud: Yes. Sure. You’re exactly right, Julien. 2020 was a really good year for cash for us, primarily driven by strong performance in the business. But we also did have some onetime impacts from – particularly from the CARES Act, which gave us some really good favorability. So 2021 cash is lower than 2020 as we adjust for those onetime things that won’t repeat, but it’s still – we feel a good solid cash year for 2021, too.
Dave Ruud: Yes, the low end there is zero, and we’re just – in case there are some internal equity issuances or something we’re just saying here at the low end, but we don’t see a need for much equity issuance at all beyond the conversion over the next three years.
Dave Ruud: Yes. You nailed it there. When we did our revised guidance on the third quarter call, we did still have some conservatism in there to protect ourselves from any other variability that would come up. And then as things played out, we did see some upside as well from onetime interest expense, interest income and some investment returns that caused that to go higher.
Dave Ruud: There was like some interest expense was down. They were all kind of not small, none are really big. But when they add them together, they kind of give us that increase. So interest expense down. There is some interest income, again, related to the CARES Act that came through. And then we had some investment returns that were slightly up also. So there’s kind of three together that came in.
Dave Ruud: I can explain why that looks higher in 2022 than would have been together in 2021. So the goal for each company is to have a dividend that's consistent with the best peers that we have in that industry. And so for DTE, we'll have a dividend consistent with the highest performing peers and consistent with where we've been in a payout ratio, that's around 60%. And then Midstream, as David mentioned, we'll have a dividend that set to a dividend coverage ratio of approximately two times the distributed cash flow. When you put those together, if those results in a higher dividend and it's really a result of that two times distributable cash flow equating to what would have been a higher payout ratio. So that's what makes 2022 look higher than what it would have been otherwise how the company has been together.
Dave Ruud: Yes, you're right, Jerry. As we look at the initiatives we implemented in 2020, our goal is going to be to keep as much of that going forward as we can. We consistently have through our normal processes, always looking at costs, but in 2020, we did see some additional reductions. Some of those, of course, are one-time. We had more people working capital, and we had some delays in some of our work due to COVID. But some of the things will be real and will stay with us. I'm confident that we're going to find some real efficiencies by how we learned to work this year and having more people work remotely. So we're going to be able to take a lot of what we learned and roll that forward, somewhere in probably half of what we saw, we're going to be able to look at trying to find ways to continue that in 2021 and then continue cost savings. Again as Jerry said, so that we can have more room for additional capital that we need to help serve our customers.
Dave Ruud: No. I agree, Jerry. At this point, we haven’t seen the impacts. Our – overall, our industrial load outside of a few key customers has come back really well from where it was at the low points in the pandemic. And so we’re – we have not seen those impacts yet.
Jonathan Arnold: Just back on equity just for a second. Isn’t the low end of the range excluding the unit zero? I just – maybe I’m really slow on that. I just want to…
Jonathan Arnold: Yes. That’s what I was hearing, but I wanted to clarify. And thank you. And then just to follow up on the question of sort of seasonality around Midstream. It looked like the fourth quarter was a step back to the $72 million, the range, which is kind of what it was in Q1 and Q2 and then just had this really big third quarter, over $100 million. I mean, are we saying that that was an anomaly in 2020, and we should just have much more – because your guidance would seem to point to the 75-ish each quarter, if it occurs ratably. So I just wanted to maybe get a reminder it will happen in Q3.
Jonathan Arnold: Good enough. And then just one final thing on – your corporate segment numbers in the fourth quarter, it looked like they came in a good bit better than guidance for the year. What was going on there? Did you have some conservatism? Or were there some onetime results? Just maybe a little more color.
