Jerry Norcia: So, great question, Shar. So I'll start by saying, it does address the May start in terms of earnings impacts from sales reductions. So the $60 million just to go through it, deals with the COVID sales reduction at $30 million, the incremental costs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. It also incorporates the results of the first quarter that were driven by weather and the trust performance as well as the durability of the non-utilities and also considers the original contingency in the plan. So that delivers the $60 million earnings pressure that we have to go and find and replace with further contingency development, as well as we're also considering further delay the other $20 million in our contingency development and potentially unfavorable weather in the summer and fall. So those are the things that we're building in addition to the $60 million. So we're going to build a response of $60 million. In addition to that, we're going to build contingency around that $60 million to address potential further degradation and sales or unfavorable weather.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we're comfortable with the midpoint and we're actually even building contingency beyond the $60 million, Shar, to accommodate things like cooler than normal weather or perhaps a warm fall.
Jerry Norcia: Well, as Peter mentioned, our target to build contingency is approximately $120 million to $130 million, which is much more than $60 million. And the reason we're doing that is to ensure that we have plenty of contingency in our $60 million go debt. And the tactics that we'll be using will be delaying additional hiring, minimizing overtime, reducing our contractor and consultant spend and really deploying our people into that work. As well as, Shar, we've developed a deferred – we've developed a bank of maintenance work over the years that we can now defer without sacrificing safety or service. We'll also be looking at other items such as reducing materials and support expense. Those are the big items and we've got a very detailed plan. I will tell you that – $3 million of contingency built.
Jerry Norcia: So I guess the answer to the first question, Michael, is yes, the guidance does hold up under the slow start scenario. We've modeled that way and we've also modeled our contingency built that way. So we're comfortable that the plan that we have today can deliver under the May start and the slow start. We've given the annual impact on Slide 8 from sales reductions. We really haven't – we've modeled – we've got various scenarios and abandoned scenarios that get you between the May start and slow start scenario on a monthly basis, but we haven't laid that out here.
Jerry Norcia: We're maintaining our capital guidance. So we basically pause some of our capital projects, as you can imagine, due to the shelter at home order from the Governor. But we're resuming our construction activity here in May and we plan to catch up on our capital investments and deliver on our capital guidance for the year.
Jerry Norcia: It has not changed the CapEx plan going forward. As a matter of fact, the IRP recently got approved and we filed our contracts associated with our renewables plan. We expect approvals of that in July. We feel good about that as well, and that's both a self build and some amount of PPAs.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. The positive for the Pipeline and Storage business in the first quarter is that it's delivered better than plan for the first quarter. And so that's been a positive start to the year. And if you look at Slide 29, and you talked about the price complex in the gas business, you'll see that the reason that the price complex is being influenced in a positive way is that the associated gas at the front end of that dispatch curve is expected to decline in terms of production volumes. And what that does is it starts to – on that cost curve, it starts to slide, you're right, in order just to replace a supply that’s slowing today. So the pricing that's in the market today and what our producers are hedged at is well to the right of where our resources dispatch. So you can see, for example, the blue is our Haynesville assets and you can see there at the very front of the dry gas dispatch curve well within the current price complex for both 2020, 2021 and 2022. So we're feeling that our resources that we ship on our pipelines are extremely well positioned in all our basins that we operate in.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. As it relates to the cost, Julien, I think you know that we've got a long track record of managing our costs to our customers and also managing rates and bills, at rates less than inflation over a great number of years. And we will continue with that. This event has presented a unique challenge where we have to pursue some one-time items to reduce us. But like Peter said, we will have the opportunity perhaps, as we go forward here to persist with some of those costs reductions. And if that happens, what that'll do is it'll provide more headroom in our investment plans. I think we've mentioned before that we've got $2 billion of capital sitting on the sidelines, looking for affordability headroom. Well, I think this event may provide the opportunity to bring some of that in as we go forward, but the first thing we need to do is secure this year. And then as we look forward, we'll look to see if some of these costs reductions provide an opportunity for us.
Jerry Norcia: We're seeing that most of our growth, Julien, in the pipeline business has been contracted over the next three years. But we're seeing a lot of action in the Haynesville were small projects that are starting to emerge. The fact that we will have a pipeline that can move significant volumes from North to South and it could be doubled in capacity very economically. It's also starting to show signs of promise in terms of opportunity so early to tell since we're new in that basin. But I think we're starting to see some really positive movement and potential growth there. And they will be small projects with very high IRS so very accretive. We've also seen movement on Nexus. We've seen some very positive movement there with customers showing interest and also a value – valuing up, the value of that pipeline valuing up in the short-term markets and even in the medium term markets. And even on our Bluestone asset, which is mature, we're starting to see some activity there as well. So, I think it's positive that the price complex is moving in the right direction and I think that will help to propel some of our developments.
Jerry Norcia: I would say that the pipeline capability, unless there's other events that undo that for the balance of the year, we plan to hold on to that favorability for the balance of the year, a great contingency in the plan. We're not completely counting on that, Jonathan. So we're building consistency in and around both the pipeline business and P&I business in order to have a conservative outcome for the balance of the year. So we've got approximately about $30 million of favorability in the first quarter for our non-utilities. And we're not going to count on all of that for the balance of the year and build some contingency around that $30 million.
Jerry Norcia: We are seeing modest impact on the natural gas utility from this COVID-19 experience primarily because most of it has happened beyond the first quarter. So we don't see much of an impact for the balance of the year. The primary pressure is coming from the electric company in terms of sales…
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We are very close to the plans that the state is developing in terms of return to work. And so we have a pretty good understanding as to when office workers will return to work as well as when industrial workers will return to work. So we understand that schedule, that's being planned and obviously we've modeled scenarios around those returning to work plans, both a May start scenario, as we call it, and a slow start. And so what we do is we migrate our residential sales from 10% to 11% higher than planned here in April and part of May and then we slowly start to drift that down back towards normal by the end of the year. With the milestones embedded in the plan that we are aware of from the state.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. The expectation is that the office workers return to work in our offices later in the summer, they won't be first out of the gate because on a risk basis, they are viewed as very high risk because they operate in very close quarters and highly congested environments. So the state then the medical experts in the state believe that the office workers going to be the last to return to their office complexes.
Jerry Norcia: $30 million as the sales impact for the May start scenario and $50 million as the sales impact with a slower start scenario.
Jerry Norcia: Well, it's a similar, we targeted back in 2008 and 2009 $150 million, but that was a pretax, so this is $120 million to $130 million after tax. But we are a much larger company at this point in time and have a much larger base to pursue.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we are actually ahead of plan on our voluntary renewables. We had planned to sign up about 600 megawatts over the next three or four years, and I'm happy to report with the most recent just weeks ago from General Motors to sign up for another 250 megawatts of voluntary renewables. Then we were actually at 650 megawatts of sold against the target of 600, which was a three or four-year target. So we're well ahead of plan on this. And so that's quite exciting. And we continue to market the product. Obviously, our marketing efforts and sales efforts have slowed a bit here but we plan to resume in the summer. A great amount of interest in this product from both our industrial customers as well as our commercial and residential customers. In terms of what we filed for self build, we filed 325 megawatts of self build, which is a wind park. And also, we signed some PPAs for solar to meet our 15% requirement. That's our RPS requirement for here in Michigan, 15% by 2021. That's what it will fill that requirement, the 650 megawatts of voluntary, we had 400 of that approved last year. And so this summer, we will be pursuing 350-megawatt filing with some self-build – with lot of sell build and some PPAs.
Jerry Norcia: Which supports our – sorry, which supports our capital plan long-term. Yes, all of that supports our capital plan long-term.
Jerry Norcia: We've essentially, what I would say, they filled the order book for acquisitions and the pipeline space. We are in the process now really digesting what we own. We acquired Haynesville asset, we got the linked asset and we have NEXUS those are all sort of new platforms, if you will. And we're going to pursue highly accretive and high return, expansions and organic developments in and around those platforms. That's our plan right now.
Jerry Norcia: That’s embedded. And that’s very constructive. Back in 2008 and 2009, we did have a track in the gas, but not the electric. So it really – the commission, we can really work with them around our disconnect strategy with these customers with a very constructive order for us. And it really does cap the amount of exposure we have on uncollectibles.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. The commissioning indicated that they would consider extraordinary costs related to this pandemic things like cost sequester employees and hotels, cost for a home reserve, workforce and also cost for incremental PPE. So they have asked us to make a filing to take all of those costs into consideration. So, that will be a case for future, something that we'll have to look for in the future.
Jerry Norcia: We are not. The construction of that pipeline is progressing on plan and actually our customers are very excited to start shipping gas on that pipeline. So, none of those recessions are happening.
Jerry Norcia: It's modest, the up-tick. So we're watching it daily, right? We have the instruments to be able to watch it daily. And I would not say that it's pressuring UCX at the moment. But then again, we're not, early in the aging buckets, as you know. The more the accounts age, the higher the reserve, so we're early in a – do expect some pressure there, but we have an accounting order that differs that expense and it gives us the opportunity to recover it in future rate cases.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've modeled the cash that comes along with prior arrears of bad debt expense and our corresponding actions to respond to that pressure, involve a lot of cash actions. So, we believe that the offset will come through our cash initiatives and earnings initiatives. Most of our earnings initiatives are cash initiatives as well. So, that $120 million that we're targeting will offset any pressure that we may see from arrears.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've looked at that very closely, especially when the gas complex was heavily pressured from a price perspective. What we look at is obviously a lot of the – of our customers are captive to our system because of the infrastructure. The infrastructure, it's hard to reproduce, to deliver, to source and deliver the gas to locations that are being sourced and delivered to. So that's one. Two, we also look at the competitive nature of our contracts in terms of pricing and we're very competitive with all our contracts. Three our contract structure is very strong and has strong credit provisions in it as well.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We in this most recent filing, which was a compliance filing at the meter a renewable standard in 2021, we were very competitive with our wind resources and, so we had that project well-developed. It was a self build and we actually developed it from scratch. So that was a very competitive project. We also layered in some solar PPAs that were very competitive. So, basically what we did is what was right for our customers. We offered the most competitive product, well, the combination of self build and solar. In the future we will likely be focused on solar. And at this point we feel really good that we could be competitive with self build, but we'll also introduce PPAs where it's beneficial to our customers. So, we'll always do what's right for our customers in the long-term. And that – so far that's supporting our capital plans in this space and overall.
Jerry Norcia: We're going to go through a similar RFP process and obviously we want to compete and build as much as we can, but there are times when other developers can offer as competitive of a product as we can offer and we'll take those as well. But we certainly target to build as much of it as we can. But then we have to be realistic and know that there are others that perhaps have small advantages that we'd like to take advantage of for our customers.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we think there's plenty of build out here that – plenty of build out here that will support our capital plans.
Jerry Norcia: Well, let me start with our assets, Anthony. We are seeing more activity on all our assets. We've actually seen some nice favorable movement on pricing in NEXUS as well as interest levels but primarily interest level on NEXUS has been demand pull. Initially the pipe was built with a combination of supply push and demand pull, producers putting gas into the pipe under long term contracts. And then of course LDC is pulling it off the other end under long-term contracts. We're starting to see a lot, a few more LDCs show up and signing some contracts as well as some power plants along the road, and industrial customers that we've connected to NEXUS, so that – all of that has been quite positive. In terms of the pipelines going East Coast, it really remains to be seen. It's been a long time in them getting their approvals and I believe that some of it, some of that infrastructure would get built. I'm not sure that all of it will be built. But I think that it was all positive for us in terms of how that may play out over time, whether it's just delay or perhaps with some of the infrastructure doesn't get built.
Jerry Norcia: Well. Thank you Jack, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Again, I hope that everyone and their loved ones are healthy and safe. We are living in challenging times and I believe DTE has the people and the plans to deliver this year and also to deliver our long-term plan. So with that stay healthy and stay safe.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. And, Shar, this is Peter. I mean that the contingency build is going to be about – it’s about double that $60 million. So we understand there's uncertainty in the plan. So we’re going to be developing contingency really to cover that.
Peter Oleksiak: Right now, most of these are – majority of these are going to be one-time in nature. We know we had to bridge between rate cases and we plan on filing another case in the summer. So and with the 10-month process, we know we'll get trued up on sales then. Not to say that, as we do these, as there are new efficiencies and productivity, they can make more sustainable and we've definitely would like to do that, that provide more headroom for capital investment.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Shar, this is Peter, again. First on the rating agencies, I know we had a recent action by Fitch, which was anticipated. We have a strong investment credit rating across all the agencies now. They're all at the same level with cushion with them all. Our plan is not actually to use that cushion. We really want to keep a strong balance sheet as we move into these are more uncertain times. So we are driving to the low end of the targeted range. So we have $100 million to $300 million range here in 2020, and that's not going to be deferring equity into next year, it's really going to be based on the strength of cash and the balance sheet cut for this year. And we do have some plans. I mean, we talked about the earnings, continuously we're building. We're also looking at cash as well because now we would like to where we can minimize the equity for this year.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, ahead of – pipeline of stores was ahead of plan primarily due to favorable volumes in all our platforms, our platforms as well as our gathering pipelines. So we're seeing favorability there in that regard. At P&I, it was primarily driven by the new projects that we brought online showing some favorability.
Peter Oleksiak: Sure. Thanks, Steve, for those questions. So I’ll start with what we’ve done for our customers. We’ve suspended our for our low income customers and our senior vulnerable customers till the first week of June. And that's something that we work very closely with the Michigan Public Service Commission on, so total alignment in that regard. In terms of arrears, Steve, we watch that daily every morning in our financial call, one of the first things we look at is arrears and it has started to move, but not in a fundamental way but we're planning that it may as part of our contingency build. Now that the positive here is that the commission issued an accounting order that allows us to defer those expenses. And we have filed for cash recovery of those expected expenses in our gas case, which is under way right now. And we will look to file for recovery of those cash expenses in the electric case that we file later this summer. So we have an accounting deferral and then followed by cash recovery in future cases.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Steve, that's separate from the uncollectible. Uncollectible can stand alone. They're asking for comments now around potential deferment of real direct COVID-19 related costs.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. One of the things that's embedded in here, and I know we've had some questions on the residential. The residential increase, we're saying is 2% to 4%. And obviously, less than the commercial/industrial down, but 1% change in residential is about $15 million positive for us. And it's about 2.5 times commercial and 15 times industrial. So I think we have been done a really detailed job of forecasting out for the whole year, the residential. And we did see residential up even in the first quarter, 2%, that really related to that March shelter-in-place. So I think that's some of the difference. And I think that's also a difference back in 2008 and 2009, we had a housing crisis back then. We did see residential decline. So that's – it really is offsetting and the overall load reduction, even though we're down 6% to 8%, the residential is really helping to net some of that exposure down.
Peter Oleksiak: We don't, we haven't broken that out yet. We've recently introduced this EBITDA overall for the year. But it's, it is proportional to the earnings I'd say. So, we did see some EIBTDA increase as well while with those earnings. Well, maybe something in the future that is big enough so we're not breaking it up.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We have not provided that and maybe something I got Barb on the line, we could see what we have, we can go ahead with public documents that potentially we can connect it to. Do you have that number.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. And this is Peter and I guess Sophie, just to add to that we are seeing the stimulus package from cash upside for us. The tech AMT is going to be accelerated, if you recall back in 2018 AMT was eliminated with a three year refund of us. And it got accelerated to two. So, just one example, it's at about $75 million of capability that's what we're going to continue to look for opportunities on the cash side as well. And we are modeling both earnings and cash with uncollectibles separate and our goal would be to offset that cash impact.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, that's a great question because we’ve had this same discussion in 2008, 2008 when we started a similar initiative. What started out as a one time items over time we were able to convert some portion of that into permanent cost reductions, which of course creates a benefit for our customers. And with our aging infrastructure it gives us headroom to invest without creating affordability pressure for our customers. So, I view it as a positive over time, but it's hard to quantify right now because we're early and somebody of these one-time items. But our goal will be to try and use this opportunity to create headroom in the future.
Peter Oleksiak: I believe there could be upside in this space simply because, we had planned to sell 600 megawatts in three years and we're at 650 sold now in the first year. So, we seem to be selling the product faster than we expected. Now well, whether or not that continues remains to be seen, but there's tremendous interest in this product. Even at a residential level, we've sold 10,000 contracts already for this product. And we're also targeting smaller commercial and industrial customers who may have an interest in this space. But certainly, I would say there's, the wins in our sales on this one. There's a great desire for this type of product in our communities.
