Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start with Slide 9 in the first quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE Energy's operating earnings are $1.34, consistent with reported earnings. For the 2 utilities, DTE Electric contributed $0.66 and DTE Gas came in at $0.55. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.21. The drivers for the non-utility first quarter results were Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.10, Power & Industrial Projects at $0.07 and Energy Trading at $0.04. Finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.08 for the quarter. Let's move to Slide 10 and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy are up $78 million for the quarter. For both our utilities, DTE Electric and DTE Gas, colder weather in 2013 and lower benefit expense contributed to favorable earnings from 2012. DTE Electric contributed $19 million more year-over-year. More than half of this was weather improvement. Typically, you don't see such a large weather improvement for our electric business in a non-summer quarter. But last year, we had, as Dave mentioned, one of the warmest winters on record. DTE Gas had an increase of $44 million for the quarter, and given the size of the increase, I'll cover more details on DTE Gas in a moment. Our non-utility segments operating earnings are totaled up to $13 million, improvement driven primarily by the higher earnings at our Power & Industrial Projects and Energy Trading segments. Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings are flat from prior year due to growth and transportation revenues across all of our pipeline platforms, offsetting lower storage earnings for the quarter. Our Power & Industrial Projects segment is up $4 million from 2012. This increase is driven by earnings related to our on-site energy projects occurred in the fourth quarter of 2012, growth in renewable earnings related to our coal and wood waste plants coming online, and increased reduced emission fuel earnings. At Energy Trading, improved market opportunities contributed to the 2013 increase from last year and the quarter's performance is in line with our expectations. Page 21 of the appendix contains our standard energy trading page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. Finally, our Corporate & Other segment came in favorable by $2 million from last year, primarily to lower interest expense. Now let's turn to Page 11 and walk through some of the quarterly details for our gas business. The operating earnings for DTE Gas are $96 million, up $44 million from the prior year. The largest driver for this quarter's improvement is the record weather we had in 2012 not returning in 2013. The quarterly weather improvement at $26 million actually can be broken into 2 pieces, the 2012 warmer-than-normal weather is actually -- was $23 million unfavorable last year, an improvement for this year. And then the weather this year was slightly colder than normal and contributed $3 million of earnings. The rate case settlement we received in the fourth quarter of 2012 drives an additional $7 million of margin improvement for the first quarter this year. Continuous improvement efforts on our gas distribution system helped drive lower cost gas for the quarter by $6 million. And lastly, changes in our benefit plans drive the additional $5 million of earnings improvement over last year. That concludes an update on our earnings for the quarter. I'd like to turn the discussion over to Dan Brudzynski, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I'd say probably close to 2/3 of that will stick. We did have some generation outage timing in there, but as Dave mentioned, some of the structural cost changes, and I was mentioning that the benefit expense will continue to flow through. And the lost gas improvements, for now, we did see physical lost gas come down by 40% in the quarter and we're anticipating that will stick as well.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It was the end of last year. So we did the year-end calculations for the benefit expense for 2013, that's really where you're seeing it now. But it was end of last year.
Peter B. Oleksiak: So this is part of the strategy around delaying the rate proceeding. Even a few years ago, when we're taking a look at it, we would -- potentially would have needed new rates given the size of our capital spend in '13. We knew that we had a design changer that would give us some headroom to stay out of proceeding.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes, it does, and that's like one day. So in the quarter, as we go through the year, it becomes less significant, but the load was flat. Actually, at this point, we're expecting our full year to come in close to 2% growth increase.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It has. Actually, the industrial in particular, you'll see in the quarter was up 3%. Actually we're anticipating the growth of 5% to 6% by year end.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. I know we've laid out in terms of our capital expense for utilities, our base, we have the environmental and the renewable. That's pretty much kind of playing out over the next few years, as we've indicated in the past. And the gas, it really is, with this, with the IRM really, that program is going to drive the incremental growth for our gas utility.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. And I'll wrap up on Slide 17. As we laid out for you, we had a strong first quarter with substantial year-over-year earnings improvements. And as I said earlier, I was thinking about last year when we started out in the first quarter and we're quite deep in the hole because of the extreme weather last year, so it's a great way to start 2013. The approval of the Infrastructure Recovery Mechanism for DTE Gas as we've outlined is a key component of, not only making the necessary improvements in that business to improve the distribution system, but it gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of staying out of rate cases in the gas business. Going forward, the combination of operational and mandated utility investments and then also the investments in the low-risk, non-utility growth opportunities combined are expected to provide us a 5% to 6% earnings per share growth. As we mentioned next Wednesday, we're going to be going into much more detail regarding our system of priorities and our growth prospects at the Analyst Meeting. The meeting is at 8:30, breakfast at 7:30, if you would like to join us at the New York Sheraton Times Square. And if you're not attending in person, you're welcome to listen to the webcast, and that webcast will also be archived. And you can find the link to all of that on our Investor Relations website. And with that, we'd be happy to open up for questions now.
David E. Meador: We will go into multiple year plans next week in more detail. But as you know, one of our north stars has turned our authorized return year in, year out. We're also very focused, as you know, also on cost and customer build. So our goal is to stay out of rate cases as long as possible, while meeting all our objectives, and we've laid that out for the electric business. And now the -- with this tracker, it will allow us to stay out of rate cases for multiple years. So we're evaluating that and certainly we'll talk in more detail next week. But this is going to give us a period of stability, which is joining the electric business. And I'm anticipating we will not be in rate cases for several years at least.
David E. Meador: Yes. As you're pointing out, this is a great start to the year on many segments of the business and certainly better than last year. Our normal practice is to update our forecast and review that with the board and evaluate what you're pointing out, which is our lien-and-invest scenario. So our goal is to earn our authorized return to the extent that we have favorable conditions, including weather. Our inclination is to pull ahead investments in the business and the opposite's also that. So we're evaluating that right now. We're going to talk to our board and we'll take you through that in more detail next week at the Analyst Meeting.
David E. Meador: That's another area, I hate to continue to kind of push questions to next week, but we're going to update you next week on, not only the full year, but we're going to update you on multiple years next week, including our thinking on O&M. One item I'd like to point out that what we said is we're going to continue to work hard on O&M. We need to do that on behalf of our customers. And one of the lens on that is just continuous improvement, but we've also signaled that we are always looking for structural changes in our costs and using that as a lever to stay out of rate proceedings as long as possible. So we were able to achieve a couple of our structural changes and continue to work on continuous improvement and we'll lay that out for you next week in terms of our thinking on O&M and how that all plays through, both in the gas and the electric business in terms of staying out of rate cases as long as possible.
David E. Meador: That again is something that we're evaluating. Right now the way that the regulatory proceeding laid out, we don't have an option right now, we have to amortize that into 2014. And as we've indicated, we -- our current thinking is that we would file in '14 for rates in '15. But as we continue to press down hard on costs, we're asking ourselves the question that you're asking, which is, could you ever move that amortization if you didn't need it in that year? And it's something we're evaluating, but right now, we've not made any decision. We're also evaluating the open question, can we stay out even farther and not file in '14 and possibly push that 1 year later. And again, we'll go into more detail next week. But it's just directionally an indication of how we're managing the company and our cost, which was -- right now, if we could file in '14, we'll do that. But if we can push this out farther or eventually we file, make it as small a number as possible, while still hitting our growth targets and maintaining our balance sheet targets, we're going to do that.
David E. Meador: Yes. What had happened here was that, based on what we had done in our salary plans plus our union contracts, we actually had to go through a remeasurement process, and I think it's -- it will be laid out when we file our 10-Q for you. So we had to remeasure our benefit plans, and the way the accounting works it amortizes into income over a 4-year period.
David E. Meador: Actually I don't have to punt it to next week, I'd rather just talk about that right now, if we could. Because we're always asked, as you know, every -- it seems like every meeting I'm in with investors, they're asking, are we thinking about this, and what's our view of these? And the answer is, we're constantly looking at all of our financing techniques, and we've been studying MLPs at a detailed level ever since these things started evolving, including watching, in particular, C corps that are -- now have MLPs versus the large MLPs. But that said, we don't believe that we have the scale at this time and that -- to move on an MLP. We also continue to ask investors what they think about DTE proceeding in its way. We honestly are getting mixed feedback on the thoughts about a company that has the mix of businesses that we have. So we're predominantly, as you know, a utility company with 70% to 80% utility having an MLP. Next week, we're going to take you through our midstream growth aspirations. And as part of that, I would just offer that we constantly evaluate MLPs and other alternatives. And at some point, given future scale, we'll give it more serious consideration. So some have asked recently, it sounds like the tone is changing at DTE Energy. And the answer would be, it is, when the segment was earning $30 million a year, we got asked this question. We answered it one way. Now that we're earning $50 million with aspirations well over $100 million, I think we're just signaling that as this business grows, it's something that we will take a look at. But as of today, as you know, we've been able to grow this business organically and create value without an MLP. So nothing is imminent, but as this business segment grows, it's something that's incumbent on us to constantly evaluate.
David E. Meador: I'm not sure there's an exact number. As you know, you want to look at, not only what you have today but you want to look at your pipeline on growth. As a company, we've never wanted to be in a situation where, I created a structure and then I found myself wanting to add growth to that structure that was beyond anything that normally would be in scope or strategy for this company. So I don't think there's a magic answer on that. I think right now, and we'll take you through this next week, we're looking at how far we can push this midstream segment and also what are the range of options that we see happening in this whole Marcellus Shale play right now. And obviously, as this business grows, and assuming that MLPs are still allowed down the road, as you know, there's a very attractive cost to capital structure here that we'll, again, continue to take a look at. But what I want to be careful about is just right now, people shouldn't expect that next week there's some announcement around MLPs. What we want to say is that, as this business segment grows, we'll continue to evaluate this. But it's just not -- we don't feel we're at the right level today.
David E. Meador: Yes, normally, at an event like this, we'll give you a 5-year look. We're going to go longer than 5 years because we have been getting questions about, is there a cliff out there after you go through this wave of environmental spending? And the answer is, no, and we'll lay that out in more detail. I think we've been saying that for a while now, but we just haven't given multiple years of an outlook. And then also trying to explain, what are the dynamics. So over time -- over many, many years, what's going to happen with the generation fleet, what do we think is going to happen with renewable energy and then base infrastructure investment in both the gas and electric utility, and we'll lay that out in more detail next week.
David E. Meador: I think that's -- no, I think that's just one criteria around scale. I think there's other questions that, as you know, that have to be asked and answered including, is a company that's 70% to 80% utility and going to remain a C corp, what are the challenges and complexities around us having an MLP for our investors, and will our long-term investors like that or not. And one of the criteria is continuing to get feedback from our investors around that. And as we've said, there's not been a project yet that I couldn't take on in terms of our organic growth because I didn't have an MLP. So we've been able to grow this business, and we'll continue to grow it without one.
David E. Meador: I understand the math in this, Kevin, as well as you do, that using an MLP for a lower cost of capital. You could lay that out. I've laid that out. I think just there's other criteria to this than other -- other than just saying, I'm going to bring a source of lower cost of capital to a company like DTE. So again, I'm not saying that this is imminent because it's not, and I'm not saying that we won't avail -- we won't take this more seriously down the road. I just don't know that there's a triggered threshold that we're going to do this. So we're evaluating it. We're constantly doing this and evaluating it with our outside advisors and our board, and at the same time, we're not there right now. So I just wanted to be careful that if someone thought that we were coming to New York to announce an MLP next week, it's not next week.
David E. Meador: I'd rather not get into those specifics, because as you know there's a lot of alternative ways, even when you say someone could do an MLP there's different alternatives, including whether the parents keeping some of the limited partnership holdings. And then, is it some of your assets, all of your assets and so on? So I think over time, it's something we'll continue to dialogue with you and others on, including getting feedback from people about how they feel about this company doing something like that.
David E. Meador: Okay. Thank you, again, everybody, and we look forward to seeing you next week, and the meeting starts at 8:30. Take care.
