David Slater: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. I know I've met most of you over the past few years and we've had many discussions on our midstream business. Let me just say that I'm excited about the opportunity this transaction provides. We have achieved solid growth for over a decade and establishing our business as an independent midstream company will really benefit shareholders by unlocking significant value. We will also continue our commitment to provide excellent service to our customers, develop growth opportunities and reaffirm our strong relationships with our partners. As you know, we have been expanding the midstream businesses for greenfield projects and strategic acquisitions to become the premier company we are today. This combination of success has enabled the creation of an independent gas-focused midstream company in the most prolific natural gas basins connected to key demand centers. The midstream company has an experienced leadership team that will continue to focus on organic growth and value creation from our well-positioned platforms. We have a strong long-term contracted asset portfolio with a diverse customer base, including electric and gas utilities, power generators, industrials, national marketers, and producers. This portfolio generates significant cash flow and it's well positioned to create value and growth for our shareholders. The new midstream company will enable better investor alignment and offer the only independent, mid-cap, gas-focused, C-Corp investment in the Marcellus, Utica and Haynesville basins. We will have a strong capital structure and attractive dividend policy associated with high-quality midstream companies. With initial balance sheet target of 4x debt-to-EBITDA and 2x dividend coverage ratio, our balance sheet will support the ability to make value accretive investments and pay a competitive dividend. And let's turn to Slide 16 and talk about midstream’s platforms. As many of you know, the midstream business is comprised of three platforms; regulated pipelines, regulated storage, and gathering. Our footprint is extensive and has been developed through highly accretive organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Also our assets connect the most economic basis with key demand centers in the U.S. Along with our footprint, the business is underpinned by the strength of our contracts and our counterparties, which I will go over in more detail in the next few slides. Future growth is driven by platforms in the early development phase, which includes Blue Union, LEAP, NEXUS, Link and Generation pipeline. Additional opportunities include economic compression, expansions of pipeline systems, additional market laterals and continued gathering build-outs. Our other platforms like Bluestone, Millennium, Vector, and Gas Storage are in a more advanced development phase, but still provide a stable and high-quality stream of cash flows. So midstream’s platforms has positioned us nicely going forward to deploy organic development capital and pay a competitive and growing dividend together adding value for shareholders focused on gas midstream businesses. Now let's turn to Slide 17 and discuss midstream’s track record. The midstream business has consistently achieved strong financial results, delivering 18% average annual operating earnings growth since 2008, and 20% annual growth and adjusted EBITDA are in that same time period. The business has contributed significant cash flow over $3 billion since 2008. Midstream is producing strong adjusted EBITDA in 2020, which is expected to be about $700 million. You can see that these are a unique set of assets for investors who are looking for superior value creation from the midstream company. Let's move to Slide 18. As we have highlighted, midstream’s assets are located in the most attractive dry gas basins Marcellus, Utica and Haynesville and are connected to the key demand centers, which provide a great opportunity to continue DTE’s history of success. Midstream’s counterparties continued to perform according to the plans they have shared with us earlier in the year. Our pipeline and storage portfolios are well contracted on average for 10 years. Our major producers are in solid positions, hedged over 70% in 2021 at $2.70 connected to premium markets that have minimal near-term maturities. Over 90% of our revenue is from demand-based contracts, MVCs and flowing gas. With a position of our assets and the strength of our counterparties and contracts, the company has highly visible cash flows and solid long-term growth outlook. The creation of an independent midstream company provides the opportunity to continue our record of success and create value for our shareholders. Before I turn it over to Dave Ruud, who will discuss DTE’s financial performance, Bob Skaggs would like to say a few words.
David Slater: Sure. Can Jerry. Angie, good to talk to you. Yes, that's a good question. And what we've disclosed previously is we have about 10% in our storage business, about 40% gathering and 50% in the pipeline segment, and those percentages are income percentages. So that's a good proxy for your question.
David Slater: Yes. Angie, I think it's going to be a very unique investment opportunity in the midstream space, predominantly natural gas and its portfolio is really laying over the best dry gas basins in the country. And fundamentally there's a lot of fundamental support and growth in those areas. So I think this investment opportunity for those investors that are looking for a really high-quality midstream investment, I think it will be very attractive.
David Slater: Sure, Jerry. And Steve, that's a great question. And I'd just reiterate that absolutely nothing has changed in this business between yesterday and today. We've got a great team, a great management team that's going to be leading the new company and excellent operating team that's coming along. As we progress through this standing up of a new C Corp, we'll be putting out a detailed forward guidance kind of best-in-class guidance as expected in the midstream sector. And certainly be able to answer the question you're asking in a lot more granularity and detail as we move forward in the process here. But suffice it to say absolutely nothing's changed in the business. If anything, the fundamentals in the basins I described earlier are just strengthening right now. So we feel really positive about this new company and it's going to provide an investment vehicle for some of the midstream investors that really doesn't exist in the sector today. There's not another company as C Corp in the midstream space that's positioned like – this company will be positioned around those particular basins in the country. It really attached to some really strong market centers.
David Slater: Sure, Jerry. You're exactly right. And Steve that's a great question. And we're definitely going to be providing more color around that as we approach spin date, but the systems are all generally new, so very modest maintenance capital required after the foreseeable future. And that'll be a very small number especially as you compare this midstream company with some of the other midstream companies that have more mature larger networks that they're having to maintain.
David Slater: Sure. Yes. That's another excellent question, Steve. So as we've disclosed in the past and we provided a lot of detail on this one when we did the Haynesville transaction last year. In most of our agreements, we put credit enhancement clauses in there to really protect not only the receivables, but the forward obligations that those customers have. So that would be sort of my first statement and that's sort of hard-coded into our DNA. It's all, let's do that. So it has the effect of enhancing a credit profile of the counter party. But as I kind of stepped back and I know we've shared this in the past with some of our bigger customers on the gathering side of our business would be – names like Southwestern, Cabot, obviously Indigo, Antero. So those are some of the names that are in our portfolio. And again, we've looked very closely at their credit and monitor that with a lot of detail, have a lot of information that they share with us quarter-by-quarter. So we're monitoring that closely. And all of those customers are in good positions. They have no significant maturities before them and their cash flows are strengthening in the current environment with the fundamental strengthening and dry natural gas. It's benefiting all these companies. And so we actually see their credit profile strengthening. It's easy to see when you look at their – just look at their long-term debt and how it's trading. You can clearly see a strengthening credit profile across our gathering customers.
David Slater: Yes. You're exactly right, Steve. Those are what I would call best-in-class midstream metrics. And with the opportunity of standing this company up new, we're going to make it best-in-class. So we're going to work through those details and look forward to spending time with you down the road when we get closer to spin date and share all that.
David Slater: Sure, Jerry. Jeremy, I had a little hard time hearing the beginning of your question. I'm just going to repeat it. I think you're asking about EBITDA growth versus earnings growth, and how much of that is kind of enhanced. So that's the question I'm going to answer, and you can change it if I got it wrong. So first off, just to reiterate, nothing has changed in the business from what we've previously disclosed. So business is strong and has performed incredibly well this year, have been incredibly resilient to a difficult year in the sector and the difficult year with respect to the pandemic. So that gives me lots of confidence of the durability of the business. In terms of the growth, and what EBITDA growth we moving in tandem with income growth. I think that's generally a true statement. And again, I think as I answered earlier, we'll be providing a lot more granular details sort of best-in-class guidance as we progress and get closer to spin date. So I trust that answered the question.
David Slater: Yes. That's a great question. Yes. First off the assets are great assets and they're positioned across – when you look at the resources in the country right now, these are the resources that all the analysts expect they're going to get attention in the next year or two. And the company is positioned from an investor perspective to provide an investment vehicle for people that want to have exposure to the midstream around the best natural gas basins in the country and attached to literally the best market centers in the country. So I think you alluded to it. It's a very unique investment vehicle that we believe is going to be distinctive in the sector. And we're setting it up to have a very healthy balance sheet with a healthy dividend and a lot of flexibility going forward to continue what I'll call the strategic intent that we've had, which is continued to make highly accretive value generating investments on and around that portfolio of assets where we have a competitive advantage and asymmetrical information. So yes, I don't think there's no significant strategic shift that's expected here in the near-term. But again, as we approach spin date, I'm looking forward to laying the plan out in more detail and having good conversations with the investor base going forward. So thanks. Thanks Jeremy for the question.
David Ruud: Hi, Jerry and hi, Shar. I think you actually explained it very well. The difference between what you see at the utility for the 5% to 7% is due to some of the equity coming in, but we are very confident in the 5% to 7% growth going forward. Yes. Sorry, Jerry.
David Ruud: There will be some initial costs at the corporate that we will have to work through, but there's no long-term to synergies after the first year or two.
David Ruud: Sure. Yes. We're committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet at DTE and committed to maintaining our ratings. We do expect that the separation will be credit enhancing for us. And so that's going to allow some flexibility for our metrics while still maintaining our solid investment grade rating. Our initial conversations with the agencies yesterday and those were positive. Yes, we'll be providing them more detail in the coming months. But you’re right, Shar the way it will work is that as we spin midstream and they developed their own capital structure at 4x debt-to-EBITDA that will require them raising debt, and appreciates it will come to DTE as planned. At DTE, we’ll use those proceeds to pay down our current debt in the same amount.
David Ruud: Sure. We’ll remain about where we are at payout ratio, which is right around in that 60% range, which is kind of consistent with the best pure-play peers and then on dividend growth, that's going to be consistent with our earnings growth going forward.
David Ruud: Yes, we're working through that and we're in discussions obviously with the agency. We do think it is credit enhancing. And so we do think we can have the opportunity to move our FFO debt down to something that's more in line with peers, but that's – yes, it could be defined as we work through the details here.
David Ruud: The piece you mentioned there, the credit enhancing, those help support the additional or the lack of additional equity that we need. We still do have the equity converts that come in, in 2022, but we do see our equity plan doing very consistent with our previous plan.
David Ruud: Yes. What we're showing there now is the 5% to 7% for next year is based – as if we didn't spend that 5% to 7% will be based on as having GSP removed from the baseline. 
David Ruud: We will have to work through the parent level expenses and how we've managed those internally, but they're not expected to be material…
David Ruud: Yes, when we look at our peers, we see them down in the 14% to 16% actually in that range. We are still committed to maintaining our ratings. So we're going to be really careful with that, but we do expect that this will be credit enhancement for us.
David Ruud: Yes, you're right. Currently it is mid 2020s, 2024, and this will be – I was able to see tax free spend. We don't expect it to influence that. We’ll get back to you for sure on that.
David Ruud: Sure. And in the deck – in the appendix on Slide 28, it showed our previous planned equity issuances, and you can see in – next year that was $100 million to $400 million. And then in 2022 it was $1.2 billion of convertible equity units that come into the plan. So that was consistent with what we're seeing going forward.
David Ruud: Yes. We’re going to – we'll look more into that and see what the impact is there. And we'll have to get back to you and let you know on that. You are right, we weren't cash taxpayers until 2024.
David Ruud: Yes. That's still to be totally nailed down as we established a midstream company, but we do plan to establish one that's competitive with peers and we talked about that doing that 2x dividend coverage ratio, and that's the distributable cash flow over the dividend and how that will be defined consistent with other midstream companies.
Gerardo Norcia: I was going to say, Shar, in addition to that, we're not seeing any incremental equity needs as part of the spin, so it'll be equity as we had forecasted prior.
Gerardo Norcia: Shar, the way we're doing P&I is actually complimentary to our ESG agenda as we invest in RNG projects, and also, invest on behalf of some of our industrial customers to reduce their carbon footprint with cogeneration projects. So we view it as a small part of our business overall. It will be 90% utility, 10% non-utility, but complimentary.
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, my sense is that you'll continue to see the DTE better of under promising and over delivering. So our 5% to 7% is the target, but, of course, we target the mid, but we've always done better than that because we have some contingencies built out for each year. And as I look at 2021, it's looking really strong and we're also starting to work on 2022 and that's looking really good. So I'm confident that you'll continue to see DTE’s better that you've seen in the past.
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, we have a $17 billion utility capital plan right now, which is a very large organic capital program that will create tremendous value for our investors, for our utility investors. And I'll mention again that's $2 billion higher than our prior five-year plan. So I – we're going to remain highly focused on our organic growth opportunities. So we really have no thoughts or intentions at this point in time in terms of M&A.
Gerardo Norcia: We've got the great growth agenda and organic platform growth at our utilities and we're happy to pursue that.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, our 2022 projections, when we put those forward and our 5% to 7% EPS growth rate, Julian does include the step-down areas and the replacement that we've been working on at P&I. So we will – our 5% to 7%...
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. We examined a series of alternatives as we were looking to make this pivot through more of a pure-play utility model. And when we looked at all those alternatives, we found that the spin, and in our opinion, created the greatest amount of shareholder value for our investors going forward.
Gerardo Norcia: Well there are no tax consequences. This is designed to be a tax-free spin. And certainly, the debt level of the new midstream company will be very competitive and provide a tremendous flexibility to provide a strong dividends and strong dividend growth, as well as pursue their capital growth programs.
Gerardo Norcia: We are looking at first quarter next year, but we're going to remain flexible on that and we're going to try to obviously delay as much as possible, but that's our baseline right now.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, Angie, good question. The pandemic revealed some significant opportunities for us from a cost structure perspective at both our utilities. And as I mentioned in earlier calls, we had this $2 billion sitting on the sidelines looking to get in, but we needed to create affordability room, while we have in fact done that, and created affordability room. And the pandemic was very revealing as to what we could do, in addition to what we been doing for many, many years. And so that's how we found the affordability room to bring in that capital into our plan for a few utilities.
Gerardo Norcia: The $2 billion is something that's in our plan at the electric company. The $0.5 billion at the gas company is sort of in the same position that the $2 billion was in, which was we're looking for affordability initiatives to bring that into the plan. And we're trying to display that. We've got a very strong inventory of investment opportunity at both utilities. 
Gerardo Norcia: Well, we think that first of all the spin creates premiere regulated utility 90/10 sort of structure inside our utilities that investors will have the opportunity to invest in with a strong capital growth program for five plus years. Our midstream company is going to be well-capitalized, when we compare it to its peers and have strong dividend growth. And, we think it's going to be a very attractive investment for midstream investors and also current investors in DTE.
Gerardo Norcia: So I'll start by saying Steve that we started to talk about this pivot in the summer of 2019. And we started looking at pivot towards a pure-play utility model and it was a series of discussion between management and the Board that really culminated just in the last few days. We talked to lots of investors, lots of potential investors and analysts and get feedback. But I'm not going to comment specifically on we talk to and don't talk to.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say 2021 is positioned extremely well. As you know, we plan very conservatively for our forward years. So we’ve significant contingency to accommodate any sort of changes in the loan patterns or potentially incremental expenses. So I feel really good about our position in 2021.
Gerardo Norcia: So James I'll start by saying that when we looked at all our alternatives to unlock shareholder value and create incremental value for our shareholders, the biggest mover that we saw was to really create the spin for GSE. We saw P&I as complimentary to our ESG agenda with our remaining utility platform, which will be 90% of our business. And so we've decided to pursue this path at this point in time.
Gerardo Norcia: No, it's essentially the $15 million a year that we've been originating in new income, so you're incorrect.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. Great question. So we've had a really strong year for electric company this year and some portion of that has been driven by incremental sales due to COVID and the pandemic as it relates to our residential markets. So what we're doing Jonathan is essentially deferring a portion of those earnings in 2022 to offset a potential rate increase in 2022. What that does is that gives us the opportunity to reconsider timing of filing the rate case. So that's really what that's about.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, that's what we see now, David is P&I being able to grow in the sectors that we described, which is nearly to RNG and cogen. And we're still seeing a good opportunity there. We have one that's in late stages right now on the RNG front, that we're feeling really good about. And so we're continuing to see activity and really nice return there, but it will be a very small part of our portfolio going forward. But we do see it at that 90/10 mix over the next five years.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, I have to tell you this voluntary renewables program that we have has been very exciting. It's a product that we have a hard time keeping on the shelf. We are selling it quite a bit for our residential customers and also our large industrial customers and even smaller industrial customers want this product to really green up their power portfolios – power usage portfolios. So look, as you've said, we've been able to pull forward our projections as to when we will hit the 1.4 gigawatts, but we'll continue to sell into this market and continue to update as we go forward, but we're doing much better than we had ever anticipated in that market.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. We'll provide an update at EEI, but what we can tell you now is that we have 750 megawatts sold and we're going to build for that. We've got some filings in front of the commission to pursue those builds. And as we learn more and develop more market, we'll continue to update you.
Gerardo Norcia: David, it's a very small part of our company and certainly in our business that we look to grow. And what we use it for is to really be a market maker. So for example, with our RNG projects and even in our cogen facilities, we use it to manage risks with those investments either for ourselves or on behalf of our customers. And that's really the primary purpose of that little business.
Gerardo Norcia: Thank you. Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. I'll close by saying we had a very solid quarter and are well positioned for a strong finish to 2020, and really great start to 2021. I believe the spin at DTE Midstream will unlock significant value for our shareholders and drive future growth. I look forward to talking to all of you in a few weeks at EEI. I hope everyone had a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
