Peter Oleksiak: Thanks David, and good morning to everyone. I will start with slide nine and the first-quarter earnings results. For the quarter, DTE’s operating earnings per share is $1.38. I would like to remind everyone that a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings is contained in the appendix. Detroit Edison contributed $0.55 and MichCon – which typically has a strong first-quarter came in at $0.48. The non-utility segments combined to earn $0.40. The primary drivers of the non-utility quarter results were energy trading at $0.23, power and industrial projects at $0.11, gas storage and pipeline at $0.08, an unconventional gas production at $0.02. Finally corporate and other had a loss of $0.05 in the quarter. Let us move now to slide 10, and a summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for the consolidated DTE Energy are up $50 million for the quarter. Both Detroit Edison and MichCon had higher earnings than prior year. In a few moments, I will provide additional detail on the two utility companies. Our non-utility segments were up $11 million, led by power and industrial projects which had a $14 million increase in earnings as a result of the rebound in the steel sector and new projects coming on line. Energy trading, which turned another strong quarter was $38 million of income, is down only slightly from last year. As Dave discussed in his guidance update we have taken the upper end of trading’s guidance to reflect this strong start to the year. There is still a lot of time left in the year, so we have not changed the lower end for this segment. Gas storage and pipeline earnings were flat year-over-year, and the loss from unconventional gas production is in line with prior year. As Dave mentioned earlier, the strong performance at our non-utility companies helped support the increase in our earnings guidance for 2010. Corporate another was $8 million better than last year due primarily to lower taxes. Now I would like to go through some quarterly details of the utility companies beginning with Detroit Edison on slide 11. Operating earnings for Detroit Edison was $91 million, up $13 million from the prior year. Total margin for the quarter was up $15 million, driven primarily by the final rate order we received in January of this year. Part of the margin increase is due to our new decoupling mechanism, which provided a few million of additional margin in the quarter. We provided a decoupling example in the appendix to show how this mechanism and the mechanics works here in Michigan. Overall electric load in the territory was up close to 2% in the quarter, and we are now estimating full-year load growth at 2%, up from the 1% we previously disclosed. We have seen positive signs of the economic improvement in Michigan since the beginning of the year, and it is translated to increased load. Choice load is up considerably from 3% of sales last year to the cap of 10% this year, and that is reflected in our bundled sales decline year-over-year. But we have a Choice record that offsets most of the corresponding margin loss. On the expense side, O&M was lower as a result of the roll-out of new continuous improvement initiatives, and other cost reduction actions, which were partially offset by an increase in benefit related costs. As Dave mentioned earlier, with this solid start we have tightened guidance this year for Edison by raising the lower end by $5 million. Moving on to page 12 and a review of MichCon performance. As mentioned earlier, the first quarter is typically the strongest in the seasonal gas utility business. Operating earnings for MichCon for $79 million, up $18 million from the prior year. This was primarily due to the implementation of higher rates in January of this year, and is part of the June 2009 rate filing, partially offset by unfavorable weather, increased customer conservation and lower midstream revenue. O&M expenses were lower than prior year as a result of continuous improvement related cost reductions similar to what occurred at Detroit Edison this quarter. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter, and I will now turn the discussion over to Nick Khouri, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Peter Oleksiak: No, included in the appendix is kind of the economic income versus the (inaudible) some time. This is off to a strong start, actually a bit stronger than last year, and with $38 million of accounting income and with the guidance we had of 45 to 55, we thought it was prudent to take the upper end up.
Peter Oleksiak: We assume that current marks relatively stay the same. Maybe there are going to be new deals which are still going on and those new deals will have some element of our mark-to-market earnings.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
David Meador: Thanks Nick. Let me wrap up on slide 18, our original guidance demonstrated healthy growth over 2009, and we're pleased to be in a position to increase guidance this early in the year. Our revised guidance reflects our confidence in being able to deliver earnings at the two utilities as they return to full earnings power, and a strong start to the year in our non-utility businesses. The utility growth continues to be set in a very constructive regulatory environment, and we remain focused on operational excellence and customer satisfaction, and we continue to see attractive investment opportunities at both our gas midstream business and the power and industrial business. When you put this all together, we have a robust plan for investments and cost control that will provide long-term growth of 5% to 6%, and when coupled with our dividend policy provides a very attractive total shareholder return. And now we would be happy to take your questions. Cynthia [ph], if you could turn that over to questions.
David Meador: Well, you know, first of all I would start with the coke batteries that as you know, last year as we talked about the steel industry nearly shutting down and the coke batteries pulling back really hard towards the end of last year. That reversed as the steel industry shifted dramatically and we went back to full production. So, for this year we are fully sold out in coke production. Some of that we were able to select at opportunistic prices, and then we are fully contracted for 2011 at slightly reduced prices. Now at the same time we have new projects that are coming online. We have talked about these small coal plants that we have converted to wood burning plants that qualify for renewable energy credits. We have got a plant in Wisconsin. We have got another plant in California. A third one, we are negotiating in California right now. So our sense when you put this all together is that these earnings levels are sustainable and that over time you will see ongoing growth in that segment of the business.
David Meador: No, it is the former. I believe that you know, what you are seeing first of all in this jump up as you know, the utilities had underperformed for a couple of years for different reasons, and now you are seeing the utilities return to full economic health, and you saw – we just talked about the power and industrial business coming back to its true baseline. So, my view is that this – the new baseline that you will see 5% to 6% growth off of, and it is not a pull ahead of 2011.
David Meador: So, I think that they have seen opportunities evolve at the electric power side of the business and the gas side. The economic profit is slightly better. We have a little bit of a roll on of prior year economic profits, but I wouldn't describe this volatility related, because this is not necessarily how our business has originated. I would also just caution that people shouldn't take this quarter times four. I mean sometimes we ran into that last year and we do see a bit of seasonality in this business, where if you looked in 2009 they had very strong quarters in the first quarter and the third quarter, and so questions come up about, tell me about the total year, but we are just taking the upper end up slightly here and as I mentioned in my comments, we don't count on this part of the business for growth, and still long-term see it in the $45 million to $55 million range.
David Meador: Slide 22 is the better metric. As I mentioned, there was a Choice increase if you are seeing a decline in bundle sales, and understand the overall economy is really the temperature in our normalized service territory.
David Meador: Fairly. You know, we kind of get the electric heating, and actually we had a slight weather impact for the electric utility. So actually the temperature normalized sales was a bit higher.
David Meador: Yes, into issue [ph] it feels like a low number, where we are now forecasting load up 2%, and industrial load up 13% for the year. And you know you have seen this rebound as you have seen in all prior recessions, when we went back and looked at prior recessions, you get a spike back at some point in time, and for us as you see the factories reopen, and then add second shifts and third shifts, and I think this is going to continue around the country. I had read an auto report two days ago, where they are talking about the auto industry having to hire 88,000 people around the country now, albeit at probably lower wages than the people they are replacing. But there is just signals all around that you know the manufacturing sector in the United States is starting to breathe life again, and we certainly see it here.
David Meador: Well, our guidance is not accounting that economic profit. So, you get the roll on effect of prior year transactions with short tenure, but to the extent that I'm always doing new transactions, there is going to be some element of mark-to-market always in our numbers.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: But you don't know if it is negative or positive or…
David Meador: Roughly, I think the way to think about it is that we will contribute about $200 million a year. It is kind of in our planning horizon as we march towards 2016 fully funded status, which is you know, what most companies are tracking to and we've already made our contribution this year, though we did $100 million in stock and $100 million in cash and we're done for the year.Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Meador: I would suggest that we are always looking for, you know, cost savings and if someone gave me a one-time savings versus ongoing you know, we’ll take it as long as we're not affecting you know, operations or customer satisfaction, but our planning this year embedded in our net numbers in O&M was we’re targeting $60 million in sustainable cost savings and that's offsetting most of the inflation, you know, last year we're in a zero inflation environment, and this year you know, we have wage increases and other inflation that's creeping through, and we're trying to offset most of that with cost reductions that are sustainable, and we’ll continue to do that going forward. We're not, by no means done with continuous improvement and cost reductions.
David Meador: About $15 million to $20 million roughly, but, you know, they – we spend less time tracking action savings versus, you know, we've got targets for everybody in the company that have their savings embedded. So I don't have necessarily a detailed tracking system because we found that people are getting really good at this, and I don't have to do that, but you know, I would look at just overall O&M, and just know that you know, what we're planning on for the years about $60 million cost reduction target.
David Meador: You know, just to circle back on our policy, our payout policy is to target 60% to 70% payouts. You know, last year we were you know, our final earnings were about 64% payout. With this revised guidance we are going to be below the 60% at midpoint and, you know, we annually sit down and talk to our board about this, and it’s something you know, as we get into the fall timeframe you know, we take this under you know, serious consideration and we'll be talking to the board about it later this year.
David Meador: You know, normally that's usually when we do this. We have you know, the strategic planning session in the fall, and we're usually talking to the board about you know, forward years and things like dividends, and there would be the timeframe that we would, you know, take this under consideration looking at what our needs are for the next several years.
David Meador: Yes, my intuition is that this is going to continue. If you look at just take automotive as an example, you know, last year the automotive industry you know, went below 10 million units. You know, this year it's tracking you know, in the 11 million plus range and you know, I am now seeing projections in the 14 million unit range for next year. If those projections are right, you'll continue to see the manufacturing sectors that feed the auto and other industries continue to grow from the low point of 2009.
David Meador: Yes, you know, at the same time, you know, Michigan is working hard on diversifying its economy. So, you know, there's a lot of work going on that will take time but again we're seeing positive signals. One example would be General Electric opening up an R&D center in our service territory that they are going to invest $100 million in, and then it's going to employ a thousand people. You know, that would be an example of things that we are starting to see in Michigan as you know, they are working really hard to attract new businesses and diversify the economy.
David Meador: We, right now, you know, in terms of our project, we are taking in some stages. We had a pilot plant, the next stage is to do the 600,000 meters and you know, as we work our way through that we'll be making decision timing but this is, it's going to be a multiple year project for us. I think our planning is 5 to 8 years to roll this out. So, you know, we're not – this is – we're going to do the next stage of 600,000 meters, and we’ll evaluate after that, you know, the pace and level of investments, you know, also considering the other investments that we have to make in environmental and win another capital that's going to go into the utility.
David Meador: I caught part of the question, let me see if I can pull a response. There is a Detroit Edison maturity of $500 million in October, and as we say in the presentation, we’ve already refinanced $300 million of that. So we think the refinancing risk for Detroit Edison this year is very low, and there is no Detroit Edison maturity, significant maturity next year. There is a DTE Energy maturity next year of $600 million in 2011, but given our current plans we think we will pay off most of that debt and not refinance it. That's on the debt side. On the credit side, on the bank revolver we do have just short of a $1 billion revolver coming due in October. The market has improved dramatically over the last few months and over the next 4 to 5 months we’ll remarket that revolver.
David Meador: Thank you and thanks for joining the call this morning. The next event that we will be at with most of you will be at AGA on May 17th and 18th. We have Gerry Anderson traveling there with Jerry Norcia, who runs our gas midstream business, as well as MichCon and we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks again.
