Jerry Norcia: Sure. So Shar, as you've seen, we've accelerated the Belle River Power Plant conversion from coal to other fuel sources like natural gas or RNG and potentially hydrogen. So that's certainly that works by 2028. As you mentioned, we're going to file an IRP in the fall of next year, and we're going to really use the next year to get a lot of feedback from interested stakeholders like the commission and other parties that will have an interest in our acceleration of coal retirements. As you know, the Monroe coal plant is slated to retire in 2040, but we are looking at many scenarios to pull that forward, Shar. So that will be -- become much more transparent when we file the IRP, the details of exactly how we're going to do that and also replace that baseload generation. It's over 3,000 megawatts of baseload generation. So we're going to have to think through very carefully, how do we maintain reliability and affordability and get good feedback from our stakeholders. So what you see in the current five-year outlook is an increase of about $1 billion in cleaner generation that's really driven primarily by our investments in voluntary renewables as well as some investments that we have on our [Omtydro] facility and a small hydrogen pilot perhaps at our Blue Water Energy Center.
Jerry Norcia: We're going to deliver 2021. All of those storm casts are already reflected in our results and in our current guidance for 2021. So I can tell you I'm being extremely confident in delivering in 2021. And as we -- Dave and I mentioned in our speaker description that we'll likely deliver at the high end of that. So we're feeling really strong about '21. I have no concerns about delivering 2021, and 2022, just to speak about that for a moment. As usual, we spent all of the year building levels of contingency to ensure the delivery of 2022. And as you've seen in the past, if we don't consume that contingency, then we'll trend towards the higher end of guidance. So again, '21 is locked in and trending towards the higher end of that guidance, and '22 is feeling really good and really strong at this point in time. As a matter of fact, we're busy working on '23 to build a strong plan for 2023.
Jerry Norcia: We -- our portfolio is slightly long as it relates to natural gas, Shar. So if anything, there's bias for upside as commodity prices in the gas business have gone up. So that would, say, certainly biased for some level of upside.
Jerry Norcia: So I'll start by saying that the way we get to our guidance, five-year guidance for DTE Advantage is we continue to deliver $15 million of net income growth per year. And that's really underpinned by us being very selective about what RNG projects we do and what cogeneration projects we do. Those are our two major business lines. So just to give you a feel for it, we'll complete construction of the Dakota Plains project in 2022. And then we've got a Wisconsin project that will go in service in 2022 as well. And we got a third one in New York that will likely be placed into service in '22 or early '23. And in addition, we have a cogen facility that goes online in 2022. All of that builds for our growth into 2023 and beyond as well as we've got a handful of really strong opportunities in the pipeline in the RNG space and cogen space that we'll keep marching along. Again, $15 million in new net income is something that we feel is reasonable to achieve each and every year. And that's how we got to our $90 million for 2022 by knocking off $15 million a year for five years. So we're just going to continue on that trend and deliver for you all.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. I was going to speak to carbon capture. That's early for us. The 45Q is very good, but the low carbon fuel standard in California makes it even more interesting. So we are looking at potential carbon capture opportunities, but I'd tell you, it's extremely early at this point in time. But we'll continue to update you as we make progress in that arena.
Jerry Norcia: Well, the 400 megawatts to go a long way to filling up the $3 billion we got in our five-year plan. So we -- that gives us great confidence that we'll deliver on the $3 billion of clean generation that you'll see on Slide 7. And is there upside? Yes, potentially. Every year, we continue to update that line item in cleaner generation as we think about coal retirements and as we think about increased voluntary renewables. All of that points towards future growth in our investments in cleaner generation.
Jerry Norcia: Well, so let me take those one at a time, Julien. So you have seen that we made a regulatory filing to take some of the favorability in 2022 -- 2021 that we're experiencing and rolling it into $70 million, at least $70 million of incremental tree trim. So that's the immediate response, and that's going to fund 200 to 300 people, incremental tree trimmers coming to the state to trim trees, get the trees off our wires. So that's the immediate response. And so that will run through our tree trim tracker that we have, and that will be a good thing for our customers to get to improve reliability for the next summer and the subsequent summer. So we're really looking at accelerating our tree trim program with that incremental investment. And again, that will be sized somewhere between $70 million to $90 million of a pull forward. And that will be -- the source of that will be our favorability in '21 that we're experiencing. The second thing you'll see is in our capital plan, we've raised our distribution infrastructure investment from $7 billion to $8 billion. In response to our detailed planning that we've put in front of the commission as it relates to resiliency to accommodate worsening weather patterns and also to accommodate the eventuality of the electrification of the transportation fleet. That's going to be a big deal for us in the second half of this decade. Currently, we're starting to see over 1,000 connections to our grid from EVs, and that's grown from a couple of hundred last year. So all of that is pointed towards creating that $8 billion towards creating a more resilient, reliable and more efficient grid.
Jerry Norcia: And, Julien, that gives us the opportunity to be really selective. Right now, we're still seeing RNG projects that were originating, and they're all greenfield. And that's how we're creating the greatest amount of value. We're seeing three- to five-year simple cash paybacks and IRRs and the team, some levered IRRs and teams. So we like the approach that we have, and it also meets with our strategic goals of, like Dave said, keeping a 90-10 split between utility and nonutility.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So I'll start by saying that if you look at our track record over the last decade, you would see that our EPS growth on a CAGR basis is one of the highest in the industry. And I think it's tracking probably well over 8% at this point in time, if we were to include this year. So we're pretty proud of our EPS growth track record. We are conservative in our planning in the sense that we do put contingencies in to anticipate any potential variations in either load or weather at our two biggest income producers, which are utilities. So again, as I mentioned, for 2022, I feel really good about the level we're planning that's gone into 2022. And if we do not consume our contingency, we'll be tracking towards the higher end of that guidance. For 2023, we're putting that year together, and I expect that, that will come together just as nicely as '21 and '22 and the last decade had.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So we've had multiple interveners including the staff and the EG and now the administrative lodge judge filed their positions. When we take all of that into consideration, we feel pretty good about the outcome that we expect from the gas rate case. We really believe we'll get a productive outcome and that we'll meet our needs and our investors' needs.
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, part of our contingency planning is to try and accommodate various scenarios. But I would say that you'll see a productive outcome on ROE, which is really important to our investors. The commission has taken a past practice of gradual approaches to ROE and has also taken a pretty fair stance on our capital deployment plans and the investments that we've made in the gas business. So I think we're going to get a really productive outcome that will help us deliver our 2022 targets.
Jerry Norcia: That's correct. And we've got strong support from commissioners and the staff on our CapEx program at the gas company, it really is about infrastructure renewal. We're replacing about 200 miles of gas main every year from replacing the cast iron with new PVC piping and also moving about 30,000 meters from inside the home to outside of the home. So, all of that is pointed at future safe and reliable operation of our gas infrastructure. So lots of support for that, strong support not only from the commission, but also from the administration who's built infrastructure renewal in the state.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So we've brought in about an extra $100 million into this current five-year outlook, incremental. And we are always looking for opportunities to bring more. We've got a very large inventory of infrastructure retail needs of the gas company. Primarily starting to point towards some of our transmission assets like aging compressor stations and also aging pipelines that are going to start to need some level of replacement in the transmission portion of our operation. So what stands in the way of getting incremental capital into the plan is really us finding affordability opportunities to offset the rate pressure that these investments would create, so that's what would bring it in, Jonathan. And so we'll continue to update that plan each and every year and try to bring more CapEx into the plan to accelerate our work as it relates to infrastructure renewal.
Jerry Norcia: So the current hedge position for gas is 90% heading into this winter and about 65% heading into the following winter of '22/'23.
Jerry Norcia: It will be pretty minimal since we've secured about 90% of our gas supply at fixed prices. In other words, the prices are fixed for about 90% of the portfolio. So we see a very minimal impact.
Jerry Norcia: So I'll start by saying that about a little over 30% of our system is underground now. In the '70s, we started to underground all new subdivisions and all new developments. So we have been underground for quite a few years. What remains above ground in residential neighborhoods primarily is infrastructure that's older than that. We've looked at and continue to look at ways to strategically underground. But it is very expensive. So you have to be very strategic about how you do it. So just to give you an idea about seven or eight years ago, I was asked by a mayor of one of the communities that we serve, whether we could underground the whole system. And it was a community of 14,000 residents and the cost to underground was in the hundreds of millions of dollars. The cost to trim those circuits was $200,000 or $300,000 and which would give us about 95% of the same reliability impact. So it's, again, undergrounding is great. I think we have to approach it in a strategic manner. That is a question that we're addressing in our distribution plan, five-year plan that we put in front of the commission and we'll continue to work to find ways -- strategic ways to underground. But it is very cost prohibitive to take existing systems and underground them and also disruptive to our customers. In a sense that the locations where you have to underground, you have to remove the trees, tear up front lines and drive ways as well as backyards potentially when systems are in people's backyards.
Jerry Norcia: Well, many of the mitigation efforts that we're deploying increased tree trim and of course, an $8 billion investment agenda in the grid, I think, will go a long ways to fundamentally improving the reliability of the grid. In terms of customer credits that we provide, we are revisiting that with the commission, and we expect to resolve that over the next 12 to 18 months. We think that the $25 credit for extended periods of outage is outdated, and we agree that it needs to be increased, and we just need to arrive at a level that makes a lot of sense because all of the money that you put towards credit can also be used to improve the infrastructure. So there is a balance there. But also a recognition of some of the difficult situations that, say, for example, there are low-income customers find themselves in when we have outages that may last three or four days.
Jerry Norcia: Well, for the electric side, we're primarily burning coal is our primary fuel source at this point in time and also nuclear fuel. And those are well hedged at this point in time, and we burn a minimal amount of natural gas at this point. Now when we bring on our combined cycle plant, we will be burning a significant amount more natural gas, and we'll look to hedge those products as well as we -- as that plant comes into service late 2022.
Jerry Norcia: Andrew, we're planning to file the first quarter of next year, so it won't be the end of this year. And the tree-trim matter will be resolved before that filing. Again, as we will use a special accounting order to take, I'd say, capability from 2021 to roll into our tree-trim program, and that will be sized anywhere from $70 million to $90 million. And then, of course, the filing that we will make in the first quarter, early first quarter, to be primarily driven by the capital investment agenda that we have for the electric company, both our renewables agenda and our grid agenda.
Jerry Norcia: We haven't seen that yet, Anthony, but I would say one of the things that I hear a lot in the industry that we are also considering is to keep all our options open, right? We've seen some significant reliability impacts by retiring baseload generation and replacing it with intermittent resources. Now we love renewables. We obviously are a big investor, the largest investor, in renewables in our state, but we also feel that reliability is paramount. So when we think about our coal plants and the conversion of those or retirement of those, we really need to think carefully how and when we do it because the first thing our customers want is reliable power and affordable power and cleaner power. So, all of those have to be balanced. So I would say keeping our options open to ensure that we have reliable power as we make this transition is going to be extremely important. And you'll see that in our IRP. We will accelerate our coal retirements in our IRP that you'll see next fall. But you'll also see careful consideration on how that's done to ensure reliable power and affordable power and clean power to go with it.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying that we're feeling really good about the remainder of 2021, as you've heard, and also have developed a very strong position for 2022. I hope everyone has a great morning, stays healthy and safe. And I look forward to seeing all of you live at EEI in November. Thank you.
Dave Ruud: Yes. I'd say like Jerry said, we have a really good pipeline of projects within our DTE Vantage business right now. And so getting that $15 million a year is right within our sight. And one of the keys, Julien, as we've gone through this before, is staying within 10% of our business being nonutility. And so that's also one of the drivers that kind of keeps us from pushing that too much. There's always other ways that we can look at that if we did find some more growth, but that's also one of the limiters for our growth as well.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we see really good cash flow generation through our five-year plan. And so that minimal equity needs like that's consistent right now within our plan, even bringing in this additional $1 billion of capital into the plan.
Dave Ruud: Sure. As you said, there were two big drivers for the variance in the quarter at Corporate and Others that were tax-related. We do still expect to hit our guidance for Corp and Other for the quarter and our increased guidance for the year. But on the tax -- the onetime true-up, that was a valuation allowance that was against the tax reduction that we are carrying forward. And so when we had lower pretax earnings as a result of the spin, we looked at this differently and realized that we had to reduce that a little bit and there would be about an $18 million delta for that that was negative. Then on the tax timing, the effective tax rate, that's an adjustment that we do for GAAP. And it's just because as our pretax earnings and credits aren't earned ratably over the year, we have an entry at Corporate & Other that trues that up to the effective tax rate. And so that was about the same amount for the quarter. And then we had some of that from the first three quarters that all will reverse in the fourth quarter, and that will be the $50 million that we discussed that we'll see favorable in the fourth quarter.
Dave Ruud: Yes, it's right around that. It's a little less than that actually relative to last year. But yes, it's about that.
Dave Ruud: Yes. It comes in November of '22, so we see a little bit in '22. We see in '22, but then '23 is when it does have a little more of a headwind for us that we'll be growing through that, too.
Dave Ruud: Yes, it would. Yes, we'd be setting up a regulatory liability and it would be -- it would impact the fourth quarter as well.
Dave Ruud: Yes, it's included in our guidance right now. And even with that $70 million, still really confident we're going to hit the number in the upper end of that.
