Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start on Page 10 and third quarter earnings results for the quarter. DTE's operating earnings per share was $1.31. Detroit Edison contributed $1.13 and MichCon, which typically incurs an operating loss this quarter, actually came in $0.02 positive income. And I'll talk about more of that coming up. The nonutility segments combined to earn $0.22. The drivers to the nonutility second quarter results were Power & Industrial at $0.13; Gas Storage & Pipelines at $0.08; Energy Trading at $0.01; and finally, Corporate & Other had a loss of $0.06 in the quarter. Let's move to Slide 11 as summary of the quarter-over-quarter performance by segment. Operating earnings for consolidated DTE Energy were up $44 million in the quarter or $0.24 per share. Detroit Edison's operating earnings was at $194 million, up $37 million from the prior year. The favorable year-over-year performance was driven by warmer-than-normal weather flowing this year through earnings. Last year, a revenue decoupling mechanism was in effect, which temperature-normalized revenues. Now we continue to see stability in underlying load at our electric segment with temperature-normalized sales flat in the quarter net of a 1% impact of energy efficiency program reductions. Service territory industrial sales continued to grow, up 3% year-to-date. As noted earlier, the third quarter is typically a loss for our seasonal gas utility business. However, MichCon had an operating gain of $4 million for the quarter, up $15 million from prior year. The improvement to earnings was driven by higher transportation and storage service revenues along with lower lost gas expense in the quarter and lower O&M. This quarter is a clear demonstration that our continuous improvement efforts are paying off at MichCon. For example, the improvement in lost gas expense this quarter is a direct result of improvements in reducing fiscal losses through a series of operational improvements in system and in interconnects, improvements in metering technology and a step-up in distribution reliability investments. Our nonutility segments are down $8 million in total, primarily driven by our Energy Trading segment, partially offset by higher earnings at the 3 other segments. Energy Trading is down $21 million in this quarter year-over-year. The year-over-year results are driven by a combination of a stronger-than-normal third quarter 2011. And a larger portion of this year's economic performance is subject to accounting timing. For your reference, we provided our standard year-to-date economic to accounting earnings loss for this segment in the appendix, which shows the economic earnings in '12 versus '11. Another driver in the quarter-over-quarter performance is Power & Industrial project segment, which was up $10 million. This is driven primarily by the growth in our REF business line. Unconventional Gas Production improved earnings $2 million, breaking even in the quarter. The improvement was driven by higher oil production. Our production is up actually 97% year-over-year. As Dave mentioned, we are in the final strokes of a targeted year-end sales process for those properties. Finally, Gas Storage & Pipelines segment was up $1 million for the quarter to $14 million, and like MichCon, benefit from higher storage and transportation revenues. That concludes an update on the earnings for the quarter. And I'll turn the discussion over to our Treasurer, Dan Brudzynski, who will cover cash flow and capital expenditures.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Even the combination of the storage was really with the -- a lot of the natural gas here in the region and really finding a home for that storage. And so we were seeing, on a short-term basis, some favorable margins and took advantage of that both in our MichCon and our GSP segment. On the transportation, actually our Millennium Pipeline is benefiting from that Marcellus Shale production, and we're seeing that in the results.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. Quarter overall had a $50 million weather impact. So the storm expense, actually we had that first storm in the July. Actually from then, we didn't really have a lot of catastrophic storms. Actually year-over-year, if you look at it, storm expense is down on a year-over-year basis. So we did see most of that margin favorably flow through.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Right now, we're looking at investing probably around $20 million to $30 million of O&M back in the businesses. Early on, when we saw the weather impact swing the other way, first quarter, we actually put some continuous improvement in one-time cost actions. So absolute O&M probably will be up around $20 million, but we're targeting probably closer to $30 million from our reinvestment. And it really is one-time type of investments, kind of shoring up our distribution systems, our power plant reliability type of expenditures.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. This is Peter. First, let's talk about the macro indicators. We look at unemployment. Actually this time last year, unemployment was 1% higher, so we're seeing a 1% decline on employment. Housing starts is another key indicator, up about 50%, so seeing some strong housing starts. And as you mentioned from the auto sales on an annualized basis, they've recently just come up with their numbers and they're at 14.9 million units. So we really haven't seen those levels probably for 5 to 6 years. So all indications are real strong from an economic indicator. On the residentials, on a year-to-date, temperature-normalized were flat. And typically for that segment, we will see about a 1% to 2% estimate on energy efficiency. So one way to think about it, we have growth, organic growth happening there that's offset by energy efficiency. The other thing that we really monitor from an economic perspective is the industrial. And we are seeing a 3% growth there year-over-year. And we are seeing strength in the autos and the steel segments.
Peter B. Oleksiak: That really is -- if you look in the quarter, we're talking earlier about the storm cost, where we did see a storm early in the quarter. It was pretty quiet after that. Actually, storm cost this year versus last year, we're about $20 million less this year versus last year.
David E. Meador: Thanks, Dan. As we laid out for you, the results through the first 3 quarters are very solid. With a benefit of favorable summer weather, we're able to reinvest in our electric generation distribution systems and confidently raise the midpoint of our earnings guidance per share by $0.10. Setting aside the unusual weather this year, which is providing upside at Detroit Edison and pressure at MichCon, on a temperature-normal basis, both utilities are on track to earn their authorized returns. Longer term, the utility growth plans are underpinned by mandated environmental-related investments and we're also seeing nice growth opportunities at the nonutility businesses. When you put this altogether, they combine to provide an overall long-term earnings growth per share of 5% to 6%. And as we indicated, we always do this by maintaining a strong balance sheet and solid cash flows. We'll be at EEI in a little over 2 weeks, as I mentioned, and we hope to get a chance to see many of you there. For those of you not going to EEI, you can tune in to Gerry Anderson's presentation via the webcast, Tuesday morning, which is at 9:45 a.m., Mountain Time. And that's 11:45 a.m. for those of you in the Eastern time zone. And you'll be able to join that webcast through our Investors section on our website. And now we would be happy to take questions.
David E. Meador: Well, it's possible down the road. As we've indicated, our approach and strategy right now is to stay out of rate cases for multiple years. So if everything works out, well, we would not be filing a rate case until 2014 for 2015 base rate changes. In the meantime though, and you can certainly check this out with CMS in a couple of days, they have filed a rate case, where they have proposed a mechanism to basically address what you're talking about. So we'll watch that rate case go through. And I think there is some openness to dealing with some of the volume changes, especially that might come through in between rate cases relative to energy efficiency.
David E. Meador: So that was -- if you'd go back to that second quarter call, we were only into really a month of the quarter. And at that time, we've just come through a pretty bad storm in July. But as the rest of the quarter played out, there was margin favorability way beyond that storm. So the storm offsetting half of the margin improvement is not accurate. It turned out to be a lot less than that for the quarter.
David E. Meador: No. One way to think about it is what we're seeing in this uptick is primarily weather, which is not normal weather. So after seeing coming through at Detroit Edison and so on a forward-looking basis, the right grounding point is $3.80.
David E. Meador: No. In Michigan or even in the Midwest, there's very, very little gas switching capability. As a matter of fact, [indiscernible] if you look at it on a capacity basis, it's even 10% of the capacity and [indiscernible] can switch to gas. So the coal plants run predominantly all out because we don't have that capability.
David E. Meador: Right. On the -- first, on the capital of what's playing out in the renewables, as we accelerated some of our renewables spend because we were -- like many, we're looking at the potential for extension of PTCs and trying to watch for unserviced date. And at the same time, we were also getting great opportunities on the procurement side. So there was a conscious decision there to pull ahead some of the spending. And on the environmental, what is playing out there is the success that we're experiencing on the DSI testing. Now if you recall that the DSI testing, we said that it turned out to be much more successful than we thought. And it's causing us to shift some of our capital spending over several years. And we will lay that out at the EEI when we lay out our capital for multiple years. We'll give you that in several weeks. But what you will see is it's going to allow us to make some DSI-related investments over the next couple of years and defer some of what we would've thought we would've been doing on scrubbers on some of our plants. And that will play out in the capital numbers that we'll show you.
David E. Meador: We will give you our early outlook at EEI in a couple of weeks. But what you're seeing in this year, and I think generally, what you're going to see going forward is we want to plan conservatively for that group. We still are not wavering from our 5% to 6% earnings growth projections. But it's a group that whether I do guidance or I'm doing it internally, I don't push them on earnings because I don't want to change the risk profile of that business under any circumstances. So we plan conservatively. And at the same time, we're going to hit our 5% to 6% growth numbers. And we'll outline that by business segment at EEI for you.
David E. Meador: No. We don't -- I don't know I have that at our fingertips. But you can take the excess weather and back that out.
David E. Meador: Right. But the other thing that's happening here, as we talked about, was O&M. We're trying to be very flexible on how we operate the company to work around weather. So the first half of the year, we were pressing hard down on O&M. Now we find ourselves in a situation where we're reinvesting in O&M. And that's directly related to weather. So I wouldn't doing that otherwise, so you have to net that all together.
David E. Meador: Well, our base plan that we've laid out hasn't changed, that we're going to be spending significant amounts of capital over the next several years. And we are still projecting that on average, it's about $300 million a year of equity that we would do through our benefit plans and through the pension plan. We are working our way through the Barnett sale, it’s all real-time right now. And as you know, we have a placeholder that we've put in our sources and uses for $300 million. And it's reasonable to say that if we got significantly over $300 million that would put less pressure on the need to issue equity. But we'll be able to update you at EEI. I don't know that we'll be far enough through the sale process. But as that plays out, we're going to lay out a base number on equity for next year. And then again whether the Barnett sale comes in very healthy or we find other investment opportunities, we would be wiggling the equity number. But at the end of the day, our goal is not to be doing a public issuance and to do this through the benefit programs.
David E. Meador: Right. And NEXUS, just to be clear, that it's a proposed pipeline. And right now, the projection is looking at everything that we'd have to do, including FERC approval and so on, as that pipe would go into service at the beginning of '16. So that would be the first year that you'd actually -- if everything works out according to schedule, that you would actually see earnings impact from NEXUS.
David E. Meador: I think we should just wait. As we've said before, that this is not part of our growth story and we had went through a period where, on average, the earnings of cash flow was about $50 million a year. And we're going through a period right now where it's $20 million to $30 million a year. And we're okay with that and still being able to hit our growth objectives.
David E. Meador: Sure. Thanks for the question because we feel pretty strongly about this, that it's a terrible thing from a public policy standpoint that we don't think this is good for the state of Michigan. It's not good for our customers and we certainly don't want out-of-state groups coming into Michigan and hijacking our Constitution. So the business community, if you look at the Michigan Chamber, the Detroit Regional Chamber, the Michigan Manufacturers Association and the state of Michigan, they're all very aligned in the opposition to defeat this proposal. And that's our intent, to defeat the proposal. So we're working hard right now. And the polling data is showing that the more the people learn about this and the vagueness of how it's written, that the support for this continues to go down every day as we speak. So right now, we're focused on defeating it. And obviously, if it passes, we can talk more about the implications of that down the road. But I hope I don't have to talk about it after the election.
David E. Meador: We -- our goal is to consistently earn our authorized. That doesn't mean that we won't slightly under-earn or slightly over-earn. But I think from your standpoint, the way you should view this is it's a company that's objective is to consistently earn its authorized. Because of the way renewable energy works and energy efficiency works here under the law, there's a slight uptick over authorized that we can still earn. So for example, at Detroit Edison, where the authorized is 10.5%, we actually have the ability with those other 2 mechanisms to earn 10.6%, as an example. So there will be slightly over-earning before that. And I also think that we can work within the bandwidth around authorized. But my goal is not to wildly over-earn in any year because we don't think that's the right thing to do in running these businesses.
David E. Meador: Okay. Thank you, and I appreciate everyone's involvement today and the great questions you have. And we look forward to seeing you at EEI. Thanks again.
