Peter Oleksiak: Well, the assets that we're looking right now are gathering and transportation, so there's some high pressure transmission as well gathering assets that we're looking at. In terms of mix into the five-year future, there is a balance that we try to maintain between what I would call purely demand-charged style projects and what I would call demand-and-variable charged projects. So that mix there, we try to maintain. We try to maintain a good balance. So there's a balance of both gathering investments through acquisition as well as organic development.
Peter Oleksiak: Other area that we're seeing strength in at P&I is our steel business. With the surge in steel production we're seeing the value for coke that we produce go up this year. And we expect that that will provide some value next year as well.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, I was going to add that the steel business is going to give us some favorability, of course, and already is. But the fundamental growth in P&I is driven by asset investment of long-term contracts. And that's going to revolve around the cogen deals that we're pursuing. And we're very close to closing on another one this year. And the RNG deals, I mean these are all asset investments with long-lived deals. So that's really the -- if you were to model where is the growth going to come from in P&I it will come primarily from those two types of investments.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Paul, this is Peter. In terms of the guidance for non-utility, no, we're feeling really good where we're at right now with our non-utilities segments. As Gerry mentioned, that we do have contingency still in our Utilities segment, depending on how weather plays out, we may have upside overall to guidance whether it'll be coming from out utilities segments.
Peter Oleksiak: In regards to the utility forecast, we despite the point of clarification post tax reform we think people may be a little bit light; earnings will be growing 1% faster than the rate base for both utilities. So that utility rate-based growth is 6% to 7% and earnings growth would be 7% to 8%. And for Gas Utilities our rate-based growth is 7% to 8%, so our earnings growth of about 8% to 9%. And that is because as we're giving back cash -- deferred cash to our customers we're replacing that with equity over this timeframe. So we believe that some people are missing the nuanced post-tax reforms as an increase of equity that's coming to both utilities which just provides earnings growth over and above rate base.
Peter Oleksiak: They are currently around 38% if you look at overall capital structure. So it will start bleeding in. We don't have to –- I don't really disclose the precise numbers, but I think it's really about $70 million a year that providing the fact the customers across both utilities. About 35 of that will be going at the both utilities. But there is a technique that probably gets into the more low 40s by the end of the year of the five-year period.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we are targeting –- I think you'll see in our filings, we are targeting multiple years as an approach. But that's something to worked out with the commission staff and the commissioners over time here as to how long we could stay out. But we are looking for at least two years, and if things play out well, beyond that, but that's what in our current filings.
Peter Oleksiak: So Jonathan, let me just add, not only answer that one is that I think we have been saying it for probably a couple years that the way these things play out is serious discussions happen once your pipe is in construction. And people believe that the know it's going to be there and it absolutely has played out. Our team is in deep discussions with multiple producers at a scale that is very significant. So that's promising. For a variety reasons, these deals are going to close after the pipe is in operation. And that's probably all I can say on that. But I think we will see deals closed not over a multiple years, but I think it's going to take months for what Gerry talked play outs will considerably see late 2018 into 2019 for these discussions to play out. And the reason is that people see the basin going short takeaway capacity in a couple of years. The writing is on the wall for that. And so as producers try to set up capital plans in 2019 and beyond, they can't –- that capital plans until they have got takeaway. And so that's what people are talking to us about. And as Gerry said we are going to make sure that we use what we think is really valuable resource in a basin that's going to go short in the best way for DTE and its partner.
Peter Oleksiak: The other thing I would say is that the RIN program is one source. And the way that's not short. It's way short supply demand and has been consistently supported through congresses of every stripe and EPAs by the way of every stripe as well. So it seems we are durable program that has a provision that's just got a supply-demand gap that's not going to be closed anytime soon. But actually some of the deals are not driven by that market. That could be support market that is actually driven by state market. So for example, California has a market that wants to pull renewable gas in the transportation sector. And some our deals are directed at that market and its dynamics. And again, there are producers there who need to fulfill those obligations and where we are supplying gas to those counter parties.
Peter Oleksiak: I think -- first of all I think there are actually really good dynamics in terms of filing in those earnings because they are strong earnings and good returns. And I think that as Gerry has been implying we have got visibility through that period. Now could Congress change out in the late 2020s? I suppose, that's possible. But there is we have seen no sign of that. There's been very durable support in Congress for these sorts of provisions. But beyond that, I guess I would point you away from Congress to more some of the local markets that were supplying which have been if anything had the stronger and deeper into these sorts of provisions.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, I think we will certainly watch it very closely I mean their proceeding. And we are looking to file in March and we filed a version of IRP under the old legislation as part of our CON filing. You know, it's a need filing for the new power plant that we are going to build. So we'll be updating it. I don't think they are -- we don't expect fundamental shifts in our plan. So I think you can rely on the current IRP that we filed as a projection into the future. We may update the renewable investments as we –- as Jerry mentioned as we start to think about how the next decade may evolve. But that will only likely mean a higher renewable content or business.
Gerry Anderson: The other thing I would say is that we have had a pattern of building a platform and then expanding organically from the platform. In many cases our best growth comes from those organic expansions. So if you look at Millennium, Millennium led to Bluestone, which was an organic expansion. Bluestone led to some gathering, which has turned out to be a nice business line for us. And that whole area continues to produce growth opportunities. So for example, we recently reached an agreement with Cabot there which we think will be a good relationship, a positive relationship for us in that area. And we see Link playing out analogously where we made an acquisition but we expect that acquisition to lead to a host of agreements like the one we just mentioned where we've got Board approval and are ready to anchor $250 million-ish investment with one of our counterparties there. So that's the thought process that's worked out well for us. And these acquisitions we're looking out are meant to repeat the same pattern.
Gerry Anderson: Sure. So maybe I'll start with P&I. So yes, we're having a very strong year in 2018. And as Peter told you, we had focused on optimizing these projects and positioning them to get as much as we could out of them, which is going better than we thought. But we're also moving toward the phase where we're going to be doing tax equity transactions. And the goal there is to accelerate cash flows and then redeploy those cash flows into other growth projects, debt reduction, and equity reduction. So I think what we're going to see out of the P&I projects is higher earnings in the short-term, and then the long-term benefit will come from the higher cash flows that the projects will generate versus what was in our plan even a handful of months ago. Concerning the Link-style acquisitions, we are looking at those. We're disciplined about how we go about those. So we'll do it if it's right for us to do. But if it is I think it would be one of the things that really helps us shore up our 5% to 7% growth targets. So we aren't saying if we do one of those we're going to raise the 5% to 7%. It's really meant to achieve that. It'd say in general those platform investments, as I've described them, have surprised us to the upside. So the whole Bluestone platform certainly did. So far the Link platform is. So we're seeing things come at us faster on Link than we had anticipated. And we're ahead of the pro forma that we shared with you when we invested in the project back in 2016. And so our take for Link is everything we've seen there is positive. So if we think we can do another of those, and we like the investment then our history would suggest that they're fruitful places to firm up and fill out the growth plan that we shared with you.
Gerry Anderson: And then long-term with P&I, I think Jerry mentioned this, that we continue to add cogeneration projects. And I think in part that's a reflection of the positive natural gas environment in the United States and the confidence that industrial producers have in that fuel. On top of that, there's a real push nationally to bring some renewable into natural gas, that's true both at the federal level through the EPA and in various states. So for example, California has a renewable natural gas push in the transportation sector. And currently there the sector is short supply, so it's providing favorable dynamics. And so in this renewable natural gas space, which as an area we haven't been doing it as renewable, but we've been doing waste methane capture for decades. It's an area we have the skills for, but it's one of these niches that I think we've stepped into that has some very favorable growth wind behind it. So we think that's going to be a attractive area for us to grow, and is one of the things that's convinced us that the $70 million number that we've been communicating for the last couple of years feels conservative now. And then we think we're going to materially beat that.
Gerry Anderson: We'll give you a full-capital kind of re-stack later this year. But I can say that the voluntary renewables has added about $450 million of renewable investment to the plan that we communicated previously. And we also have the item Jerry mentioned, which is the acceleration of the gas main replacement as additional to the gas plan. And that's a program that as we further look at both operating impacts, environmental impacts of an old system, we just think we've got to move and get that system fixed and modernized. So that's an acceleration as well.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I guess I would say that we're multiple years ahead of plan. So in 2018 we kind of sit where we thought we might be in terms of volumes and so a couple of years from now. And I'd say we've more than locked in our base case and are now working on upside to that. So we got to continue to produce good results there, but it's a lot better than being behind, I'll say that, to be well ahead of plan. And the dynamics there continue to be positive. I mean we bet on the asset because the reserves are such high quality, and that's what's playing out. The nation continues to deplete and needs to drill to replace production. And this is a very good place to do that. So, one of the producers there substantially increased plans versus what we thought they would do in our pro forma and it's accruing to our benefit.
Gerry Anderson: So we're still guiding off of where we always have, off the initial guidance we gave you for 2018. And we're clearly seeing a very strong earnings performance this year. So if you look at GSP, for example, I mean our guidance year-over-year is up over 40%. And that business is not going to be up 40% every year. So we're not guiding to that. But it's great to see your long-term plans evolve at the front-end of your investment period because it brings certainty, and allows you to move on and focus on adding to that rather than trying to peruse what you hoped you could. So yes, we're still guiding to 5% to 7% off of our initial guidance from this year and 2022. And we know that, for example, in GSP, there may be times when we bring a lot to the table in a particular year. And some year down the road may be slower. But that's fine as long as the overall growth rate is good. And P&I, yes, we've talked about REF and the sunset there, and harvesting cash flows from that business. We've been talking about that for five years or more. So that's not news. But you mentioned steel. That is a business where I think the breezes are generally good, so people talk a lot about tariffs where the prices for domestic steel are up some 20%, and we are seeing increased production. Probably gives us an opportunity here as we see that strength to bring some contract term to some of our positions, so we'll be looking to do that. And then some of the other businesses, cogen and REF, those are all businesses where we see longer-term trends.
Gerry Anderson: We said last year, maybe even earlier, that what we needed to hit our longer-term growth plan out of P&I was $70 million of recurring earnings, and that we needed $45 million of incremental earnings to achieve that. Last year we got $15 million of those incremental earnings. This year we're projecting to get the next $15 million. So we're two years into the five-year plan and we're two-thirds done. And the fundamentals are more favorable than we saw a year or two ago. So when we put all that together we think P&I is going to be an incremental arrow up to brining our 5% to 7% growth -- bringing certainty to all of that. It feels better than it did a year ago.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, the second half is going to be strong just like the first half, which is why the guidance is up so strongly. And I mentioned the 40% growth rate year-over-year, some of that's taxes, but some of it is just fundamental volumes on our various platforms. So we expect a strong second half of the year as well.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, I mean as Gerry mentioned, yes, there was the tax change that you'll see, the one-year bump around the tax reform, a lower corporate rate.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, we have some room left if were to run into unfavorable weather or storms, et cetera, we could cover those.
Gerry Anderson: We mentioned the mix of weather in the second quarter, cold April you know, hot May, and so forth. But June was warm and so was July. July is playing out warm too. So from a weather standpoint it's been favorable. And that gives us some strength through weather in the utilities which covers some of the -- provides some of the contingency we're talking about. And then could be conceivably see a little more out of the non-utilities, we will just have to see how the year plays out possibly, but we're giving you the best guidance we can.
Gerry Anderson: So, capital is financed with more equity and less deferred tax in our base, so that's the effect Peter just mentioned. And then on top of that there are -- the renewables is an area where we're seeing customers reach out and working with large customers, and just wanting a higher percentage in their mix. So that's, I mentioned that is short of $500 million we think in the five-year plan for that and then the Gas main replacement program. So the combination of some additional important investments along with this shift in how the utility is financed is where we think the difference is.
Gerry Anderson: So we have got in the IRM our new –- look if I step back in the IRM what we have been talking to the commission and commission staff about is elements of our capital that are driving rate increases that are totally predictable and agreed upon. So this gas plant, for example, we know the schedule. We know the gas, what the gas flow is going to be look like. So covering that in an IRM is something that could make sense. We have also been talking a lot about our long term distribution investment plan and trying to reach agreement with the commission and staff and what that should look like for customers. Once agreed upon, that's not something that needs to be a ongoing basis of re-discussion and rate cases, it just needs to be executed and reconciled. And so, we are trying to bring those sorts of items into the plan to focus rate cases on things that really are extraordinary. How are sales changing, how are cost changing and so forth. That needs to be done less frequently than every year. And so, I think the commission recognizes that and we do too. We have been clear with the commission that we think this IRM can reduce rate case frequency and that is our goal. We have also been clear that we can't promise some stay out period because you never know what happens in the world. So I think the understanding on our side and theirs is that the goal is reduce frequency without a specific locked in target is to what that means.
Gerry Anderson: We had many rounds of dialog with them. So I can never kind of prejudge where the commissioner will land. That's their call. But we did try to take a process where we had many rounds of detailed discussion about what would make sense to them and what made sense to us and where our needs lie and so forth.
Gerry Anderson: Jonathan, I would say that last quarter we were saying that we are holding on to capacity that we feel is really valuable in this basin as capacity becomes short in this basin -- in a growing –- very quickly growing basin. So we've got –- continue to have discussions with producers, detailed discussion for capacity commitments. And we are trying to maximize volume and term. And that we think this will play out once the pipe goes into construction and/or is in construction and goes in the service. So we have seen intensity of the discussions heat up as we predicted as we went into construction. And we look forward to concluding deals here as we go into service that gives us the pricing that we are looking for.
Gerry Anderson: That would change the comments that we did in the acquisition some of the link we will be issuing shares just for that project in itself. That project will support additional equity that we would be issuing.
Gerry Anderson: Well some of the first deals that we did have long term up ticks. So that was very valuable to us. And there is an ability in the market to hedge some of these products that we are producing so that is one of the ways that we are going to manage cash flows going forward. But based on what we see and sort of the requirements that's been established by Congress for provision to provide these fuels, we see the market remaining short on supply and long on demand which we think will continue to put a lot of pressure on –- upward pressure on pricing, so again multiple strategies. One is long term upticks with counter parties, bilateral arrangements as well as hedging program that help secure cash flows in the future.
Gerry Anderson: Well, again I want to thank everybody for joining the call. As I said at the beginning of the call, we had a great first-half of the year. And our increased guidance shows that. Second-half of the year as I mentioned, I think we are really well-positioned also. So I think you will see some really surprises, 2018 will be a strong year. I also feel really good about the position that we are in to continue the track record of delivering premium results that we have shown over the last 11 years. So we look forward to providing you with updates as we move through the year and as we move through our longer term plan. Thanks for joining. We look forward to talking to all of you soon.
Gerard Anderson: One of the added features that makes this market attractive for us is that as we look at IRRs and cash flows, the simple pay back is very fast. So exposure to market fluctuations has lessened the concern from an IRR perspective.
Gerard Anderson: Actually, we don't disclose deal-specific terms because we are negotiating other deals. So will probably keep those propriety. But we can give you a feel for how we view this business long term as we shed more light on it down the road.
Gerard Anderson: Well, I don't know if you noticed the discussion in the state on long term renewable that happened. So we had a ballot initiative emerged in the state. It was kind of push Michigan to a 30% renewable standard. I actually wasn't crazy about it because it was from someone outside the state. The state was very well aligned behind what was happening here. We actually had Republicans and Democrats and environmentalist and utilities on a common sheet, but what happened interestingly out of that whole discussion about the ballot initiative was an agreement that came out that targeted a 50% clean energy standard which is when you dig behind what that means it implied for us 25% renewable by 2030. And when you look beyond this current renewable plan that we said has some upside for customers that are requesting voluntary increases, we think it implies in the 2022 to 2030 period incremental investments in renewable to what we would add to some measure. And I think that one thing I would say is that as we continue to see renewable cost go down, I think those go hand in hand. So I would expect that renewable investments in the 2022 to 2030 period will probably surprise to the upside given trends and technologies and on the agreement that was just reached.
Gerard Anderson: And one of the things that I think people need to realize about us versus our neighbors is their starting points are different. So they have a much higher gas currently than we do. I think their mix is in the order of 30%, ours is much lower. So, our gas plant needs sense from that perspective. And then I think one of the things we will be watching is technologies above is the need for another gas plant in the late 2020s versus the ability to handle that via renewables, and time will tell on that, we will just have to see how both our load and technologies evolve, but that will be one of the things I'm sure that we evaluate in the IRP next year scenarios that evaluate both potential outcomes.
