Jeff Jewell: Thanks, Peter and good morning, everyone. I will be discussing quarter to quarter earnings results on page 13 and on page 14; I will review our electric sales in order to provide more insight into what we are experiencing. Now turning to page 13. For the quarter, DTE Energy’s operating earnings were $137 million or $0.76 per share and for reference our reported earnings were $0.61 per share. You can find a reconciliation of the second quarter reported operating earnings on slide 26. For the quarter-over-quarter results, our growth segments second quarter operating earnings in 2015 were lower by $4million or $0.03 per share. The electric segment was lower by $18 million. This was primarily due to increased costs associated with rate base growth cost and unfavourable weather partially offset by lower O&M. The gas segment was lower by $3 million, driven by unfavourable weather in the second quarter of 2015. Gas Storage & Pipelines earnings were $7 million above the prior year. This increase was primarily due the volume growth in the Bluestone Pipeline and Gathering Assets. Our power and industrial project segment was up $5 million versus 2014. Quarter-over-quarter favourability was primarily driven by strong performance across the business line. Our corporate and other segment came in favorable by $5 million versus last year. This variance is mainly due tax related timing differences. The overall growth segment results for the quarter were $134 million or $0.75 per share. At energy trading, operating results for the quarter came in at a positive $3 million with economic net income of $19 million, both the power and the gas business lines contributed to these results. Please refer to page 24 of the appendix to review the energy trading standard reconciliation page, which shows both economic and accounting performance. Now let’s turn to page 14 to discuss our electric sales results. For the first half of the year, temperature normalized electric sales were down 0.7%. We are very encouraged by the drivers of this change year-to-date and for the future. This net change reflects both the underlying economic growth in all sectors and that energy efficiency is making positive impacts to reduce customer average usage. The economic increases are being driven by population growth, occupancy rate strength, income growth and manufacturing at auto production levels that have surpassed pre recession levels. Energy efficiency which is producing positive results for our customers is a key component of our overall operational and financial plans and a key priority for the Governor. This efficiency translates into reductions in the average energy bill for our residential customers, which is one of the key components of our long term strategy to create affordability headroom as we embark on a very intensive capital investment program. Therefore we are changing our sales forecast as we anticipate our load growth over the next few years to be close to flat as underlying economic growth and energy efficiency play off. That concludes the update on our earnings and sales for the quarter. I’d like to now turn the discussion over to Mark, who will cover cash flow and balance sheet metrics.
Jeff Jewell: Yes. That’s exactly what we’re seeing. It’s just a combination of -- from the weather, obviously the weather is what driving the quarter over quarter, year-over-year and in the end trend [ph] forward to seeing more volume on that front just from additional load in those things.
Jeff Jewell: Yes. We factor that into the guidance. And so far the first half like Peter mentioned in his opening comments, the first part of July was a little cooler, but then so far here in the last week or so its been above and so we’ll just see how that plays out, but yes, all that’s been contemplated in our guidance.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Let me finish the presentation with a quick summary on slide 19 and then we can open the line for questions. We had a very good quarter as well in the first half of the year and we are confident that this year’s performance will allow us to achieve a increased 2015 EPS guidance, increase our annual dividend 5.8% to $2.90 per share keeping our dividend growth in line with earnings. We anticipate successful outcomes this year for both our utility regulatory filings as well as Michigan Energy’s policy reform. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong, and our investments in our utility and non-utility businesses support our target 5% to 6% EPS growth going forward. I’d like to thank you all for joining our call this morning. And I invite you to join us for our Investor meeting in Detroit on September 28. We have a great line up of speakers for our meeting, and plan to give you insight and to continue the evolution of the Michigan Detroit development and the economic growth that supports our long term plan. Formal invitations will be delivered in the coming weeks and our business update will be available at the webcast from our investor’s site. Now I’d like to open it up for any questions that you have, so Heather, you can open up the line for questions.
Peter Oleksiak: So on the – for the idling that occurs mainly in our automotive related segments. There are model turnover, so they are creating brand new vehicles and new models and you’ll see that from time to time. That is really what that’s related -- that is really one time in nature and some as if -- that the level of new models that are -- which is great news for our auto companies that are being produced here. For the energy efficiency, I guess, first I just want to talk about that a little bit. We’re really pleased with the level of energy efficiency in our service territory. And we’ve been really working hard at this over the last five years and I believe we are on the leading edge of some our some [Indiscernible] energy efficiency is special in delivering tools to our customers to save energy. You recall if you actually saw the March energy addresses the Governor gave, he actually held up his Smartphone and have the DTE inside app there. So we’ve actually kind of correct the code of our AMI technology and how do we deliver that real time to our customers to use yourself. Even though energy efficiency increases, maybe over time the electric rate overtime but it does lower customer bills, which provides headroom for rate increases needed to cover new capital investments. So, I know your question Julien was what does that do from our rate case strategy? Our rate case timing really tied to the capital investment we have over and above depreciation, so that’s really going to be tied. It really doesn’t impact the timing of that. And what we are seeing actually when -- that it will provide headroom for us from a total customer ball perspective to give recovery of that new capital investment.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes on the ownership side and I know the private question is around on the Enbridge and the ownership of pipe. So Enbridge is still considering ownership, but they have been very public and very supportive of the pipe. You know our current disclosure assumes the one third ownership, so they don’t participate in whatever larger ownership of a great project. So they are still in the process of considering ownership in the project. On the gathering side and is evidenced by this year-to-date results and our guidance increase and we’re seeing great results on our gathering business. This is a business that we started in 2012 with a partnership with Southwest energy, so as we’ve been going down our learning curve and cost curve it’s really helped us with that relationship and that’s a business that we liked as well because as we get into new projects like Nexus the idea there is to do a very similar blueprint of what we’re seeing in Millennium now that if you work with producers, get gathering and laterals, that will beat international. So we’ve continued to look at those opportunities and then I do believe in the future they will be there for us related to NEXUS.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. I really don’t – I know they’ve been public about it. They are mainly an oil based company, an oil pipe, but they are trying to grow their gas piece of the business and they’ve been public around that. But I would imagine they’re going through that process right now and they probably want to maybe making a decision at some point.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. On the midstream we are seeing and mainly within the gathering segment and the drilling related to Southwestern. So what we saw in the first half is that there is some upside. Some of this was acceleration of drilling which is positive as well, because Southwestern is allocating our capital and drilling to this region even with the relatively low gas price environment, most of the increase is tied to the higher well performance. That oil performance in volumes will continue to flow. So that is a permanent increase for us. And the great thing about this and this is where we talk about our strategies of having these interconnect assets that it really amplifies income. So we’re seeing those volume increases then occur on Bluestone then occurs on the Millennium Pipeline as well. So we’re feeling really comfortable with those volume increases that are tied to the well performance there.
Peter Oleksiak: We will be planning that, so some of that is that we have a forecast that test year here. So we are forecasting and we’ll continue forecast energy efficiency. One of the things we’re looking at right now from a load perspective is that we are anticipating a flat load at this point in time. At one point in time we were anticipating probably 0.5% type of increase, but once again we’re pleased with the results as we’ve been really focus on energy efficiency, so we have upped our energy efficiency. And if you look at the legislation, that is proposed in the governors -- his areas of priority, energy efficiency is going to be a key component as we think to our generation planning and our integrated resource planning process. So we’ll continue to forecast, so we really is getting the right dominator.
Peter Oleksiak: I guess the supplement that we have proven track record around cost management as well, but something it will continue to [Indiscernible] between rate proceedings as well.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. It’s far too early to say what the capital plans will be, but we do see they are out there. There was a recent report that came out that the Utica region reserve forecast has gone up again. So every forecast that’s come out on the Utica Shale it goes higher and higher, so we know that there will be there. And as we’re proving out our gathering business plan in Southwestern that’s really helping us as we’re talking to producers in the region as well. But its too early to say, but I would say that there is a lot of opportunity there and will help as you think through the midstream segment not only in this five-year projection we provided there, but beyond that five-year period gathering will be a piece of that.
Peter Oleksiak: We don’t really have a firm deadline with them and as I mentioned we like them when they are in, if they are in the project and if they’re not. So, its something that we don’t -- we’re not really pushing at this point in time from a – if they’re not in the project we have a larger percent ownership of a great pipe. If they are in the project, it does from a strategic perspective they have ownership interest in Vector and they have demand that’s off takes on the backend with their LDC, it helps from a long-term strategic perspective, but there is no firm deadline at this point in time for them.
Peter Oleksiak: Actually I would characterize the proposals as complementary and they are all focusing on the same thing. So, all the proposals on the table are really aimed at eliminating – there are two major flaws we have right now with the retail access program in Michigan, one of them is free option to move back and forth on utility to retail open access backed utilities, so all of the proposals address that. There is either one-time election to the utility if you’re going out on to the market you need some type of capacity. The range right now is 3 to 5 years in the proposals. The capacity does address the second flaw we have which is there is a heavy subsidization that’s happening right now with our bundled customers to retail open access. So really does have put in more level fair playing field around that as well. So the economics with the customers on retail access will change and because of they really get into more of the true cost are being on the program. And this permanent, more permanent type of election as well will impact the decision. So it’s really too early to know how much of the 900 megawatts will come back. And if there’s election too come back you know the timing of that return will be tied to individual contracts with those customers.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. I would say that, you actually -- from time to time you may experience even a slight loss in the third quarter, because lot of contracts and earnings are tied not to physical fields with gas and power delivery in the first and fourth quartet.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The widening of range, a lot of that is tied with the energy trading segment, now that we do have a range for that, so that’s really what that you tie there. The key sensitivities, for us just continued strong performance. On the utilities, a lot of that will be tied to what’s happening on the weather fronts and then the weather would be load as well as storm related activities. The gas utility as well, there is fourth quarter heating load, some variability that will occur there as well, so the utilities, a lot of it at this point in time is tied to weather and weather-related type of income. In our non-utilities just continued strong performance. For our midstream segment we have upped guidance for that segment, so we’re comfortable now with that range for our Power and Industrial segment that you look at it from a year to-date perspective. They are roughly $50 million with the top end of guidance at 100, so they continue the performance. We’ve seen in the first half, they potentially could be near the upper end of guidance for that segment.
Peter Oleksiak: Now there’s no impact at all to the earnings guidance for the utility. The utility business at this point and where the money and earnings are tied to with the new capital investment. Power generation replacement strategy we talked about that was on the coal retirement, but also our distribution company. We’re going through a big replacement in upgrading plan. We’re going to sharing some that at our Analyst Day here in September as well. So the flat load for us and we are relatively modest even to begin with prior to this new change of 0.5% and one thing we’re looking at right now is, and the metric we’re really going to moving towards the total bill. What’s happening with your total bill? The way it works for customers is -- this is power supply cost that is a past-through that goes away when the usage is down, right. We have a base rate increase tied to the distribution investment and charges. The customers are experience decreases in the total bills even when rates are increasing, if their usage is down.
Peter Oleksiak: That combination can be with a political process, but I know the governor has been pretty strong around signaling. He wanted to be done by the end of the year, even recently Senator Nofs has been out there publicly saying he wants it done by the end of the year. They are – so all the signals and momentum is for this to get done at this year.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s really too early to determine from the details of that. I would imagine for him, he did have – you need to – if you’re going to stay on the program, first of all there’s an election. If you take the election back to utility its one time, so that is this free option going away, we’ll probably have some of the retail open access customers take a pause and wanted to – whether they return or not. And if they do stay in the program, they’re going to have to get capacity and Nofs proposal I believe was that from a three-year perspective. So each customer has individual economics and the changes through economics. That and coupled with market prices and our sense is that market prices will be increasing as supply, demand and supply tightens as well. So that’s really I guess round about, Andrew, it’s really too early to say. I can say I would imagine some of the 500 [ph] megawatts, but probably would be coming back given the changes, the structural changes that will be occurring with all the proposals that are out there. And the timing of that, it could be relatively quick, but lot of that will be tied to the individual contracts with these retail open access customers.
Peter Oleksiak: It is the DTE Energy forecast. Some of that is -- we’ve been working hard at this for five years as I mentioned. In many ways I think, in many cases I said, we’re leading edge. So it is realizing the adoption of these energy efficiency programs. They are occurring even faster which is great for us and our customers. So it really tied to what we’re seeing there and the projecting of that going forward. Now both, the Nofs and the Nesbitt [ph] proposals versus having a mandate kind of working that and integrating that part of the integrated resource planning process. And the governors that’s really public around energy efficiency. That’s going to be part of our generation planning, will be what level will be covered off and energy efficiency. And as you know even the clean power plan, the EPA requirements gives you credit for energy efficiency.
Peter Oleksiak: We will work through those details, but I can say broadly that we are supportive of energy decoupling.
Peter Oleksiak: We’re still working through that. I’d say that this first I think we’re having some it is as we’re thinking through there’s probably merits to both either one of those different proposals.
Peter Oleksiak: We are still going – we’re in the midst right now where our longer term planning process, we’ll be providing an update at our Analyst Meeting.
Peter Oleksiak: No, it really is --we do see if you think through the opportunities set there -- this cogeneration is one, so we continue to work through those opportunities. There are some projects we have in place right now and are getting into service. They’re probably not a lot of updates since the last meeting but we continue to be optimistic on this side and getting the projects for this segment to grow as we indicate in terms of this five-year growth prospects.
Peter Oleksiak: We look through and what we’re doing right now. We are in the new era right now with this energy efficiency, because historically you look at your load growth tied directly to economic activity. So we still look at that, but now with the energy efficiency that’s after that. So our customer counts are increasing, so that’s one thing we look at and the overall level activities within the businesses is really the usage that defining [ph].
Peter Oleksiak: I would say no, because the IRP really that’s going to be like one-stop shop for us. Right now, really the movement is potentially away from these mandates where we have a mandate for RPS or mandate for energy efficiency which is all tied to generation-related spend to have it in one place. So in that IRP process they will discussions and agreements on energy efficiency as well as renewable spend. So I would say it doesn’t, it’s really just change the location of where the discussions and the process for the discussions will be occurring.
Peter Oleksiak: Aric Nesbitt has the elimination of retail open access program. We support that the most. But all the proposals are addressing. And probably the one area that I think we’re focus on as you are as well as the retail open access but all the proposals address the unfairness of the current program.
Peter Oleksiak: It is. I think the FERC community meetings and that process is really going well, and so we feel pretty good -- really good about that process and it was relatively routine. A lot of that is really determining the final path of the pipe, so those meetings are necessary and as we finalize that path, it definitely help us as we drive towards our fourth quarter application filing.
Peter Oleksiak: It is and what I have indicated is that we’re seeing the first half of the year increase in our gathering and pipeline business that a majority of that will flow through. Some of that is acceleration of drilling which is also positive to the Southwest and is really resourcing and allocating drilling resources here in the region. But we have our new growth segment, our EPS midpoint we are now saying we’re going to grow 5% to 6% off of that, so we…
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The growth rate is off our new growth segment guidance midpoint. So as we took a look at that 2016 and what we’re seeing here in the midstream segment as overall what was happening in the businesses and we were feeling comfortable and confident of not only raising the midpoint of guidance this year, but saying their 5% to 6% will be on that new growth segment.
Peter Oleksiak: Once again, I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. And if you all could say – and I’m trying to root on my Tigers a little bit, I would appreciate that. And also want to once again remind you on September 28 we have our event here in Detroit. So if you can kind of save that date, and look forward to seeing you there. Have a good day.
