Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Let me finish the presentation with a quick summary on Slide 19, and then we can open the line for questions. We had three solid quarters so far this year and we are confident that this year's performance will allow us to achieve our 2015 EPS guidance. We also anticipate constructive outcomes this year in both utility regulatory filings as well as the Michigan's energy policy reform. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong and our investments in our utility and non-utility businesses support our target 5% to 6% EPS growth going forward. I thank you all for joining our call this morning and I hope to see many of you at the EEI conference in a couple of weeks. Gerry Anderson will be giving a formal presentation on November 10th that will be Webcasted on our Investor Relations Web-site. So we hope you all can join us. Now I'd like to open up for questions that you have, so Kyle, you can open up the line for questions.
Peter Oleksiak: I'd like to reiterate that we are kind of confident with the earnings guidance that we've put out there. The electric utility in particular last year was in a lean mode. That's really, if you're looking quarter over quarter, kind of a fourth to fourth, that's what you're seeing emptying there.
Peter Oleksiak: Our gathering business is going very well, and as you know, our raising of guidance in that segment in particular was with the volumes associated with the gathering with the Southwestern Energy. So the well performance is great, the drilling program continues to be strong in that region and our gathering earnings are flowing nicely there.
Peter Oleksiak: It is not a firm schedule, but as I mentioned, the extensive hearing process is done, and as you know, you mentioned that as well. There's some finalization of language that will happen both in the committee and the House and then they'll move it, both the Senate and the House, and from there there'll be reconciliation. We are anticipating that will start happening as early as next month, early next month, but going more likely into the month of December.
Peter Oleksiak: No, we are not in the business of offering capacity to those customers. We'll offer to our customers.
Peter Oleksiak: That will happen over time as the pipe gets built. That 1.4 Bcf is non-binding but we do anticipate that a number of that will potentially turn into nice investments for us, lateral or gathering couple of opportunities. They are more likely – that will happen once we are done with the construction of the pipe.
Peter Oleksiak: The electric utility, I mentioned I'm feeling comfortable with the guidance range we have out there. There was a phenomenon last year fourth quarter around lean. We're in a normal investment cycle this year in the fourth quarter. But our non-utility businesses are performing strong. On a year to date basis, there is strong performance, and if that strong performance continues in the fourth quarter, those businesses will more likely end up in the upper end of those ranges.
Peter Oleksiak: I'll add just a little commentary to Mark's comments. Power and Industrial Projects in particular, we do have an acquisition strategy there where if opportunistic we'll acquire small on-site related projects, and they have the tendency to be kind of lumpy in terms of when they show up, and when they do show up – we had one back a few years ago with the Duke project on the on-site project. So there, I don't want to be too concerned. When they do show up, sometimes they show up and they are relatively sizable. We like to have a placeholder in with a capital for that business unit in particular. So it's really just timing related to these small acquisitions related to in the Power and Industrial segment.
Peter Oleksiak: It is not a firm schedule. The augment deadline was before they moved to the holiday break and which would be the back half of December, but the momentum we are seeing right now with the hearings being concluded, they said there'll be some tweaking of the language in both the House and the Senate, and then at that point a reconciliation. The good thing is both the House and the Senate, essentially with Aric Nesbitt's move to move a bit closer to where Mike Nofs is at, I see that process hopefully happening relatively quick once it starts.
Peter Oleksiak: We'll explore all the options. First is to kind of get that option for the electric utility to have a decoupler in legislation. That's being proposed right now. So we like that to give us that option of flexibility. As we are thinking about it, we really would want it fully focused on the energy efficiency, that's our early thinking at this moment.
Peter Oleksiak: The overall pipe we are putting in is 1.5 B, that's expandable to 2 B with compression. The major market when this pipe first was put in was Dawn, and Michigan is Michigan, goes from a coal plant to gas plant conversion. So it's really nice. Actually this Ohio market is actually showing up as well that wasn't originally anticipated. We kind of knew that when we placed this pipe, we deliberately placed it in the Northeast Ohio around these industrial centers. So we are hoping that this 1.4 B, a portion of that gets converted over to this industrial load, which then once we [indiscernible] to get a lateral in gathering, but we feel comfortable right now that we'll be able to expand the pipe to meet that. It will be a nice problem to have.
Peter Oleksiak: I'd like to just thank everybody for this morning joining us on the call, and once again we're going to be at EEI and hope to see many of you there. Have a great day.
