Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. I'll be giving an update on the non-utility growth businesses, GSP and P&I. I'll start with GSP in our Bluestone Pipeline & Gathering assets on slide 8. As Gerry mentioned, Bluestone achieved a major milestone in the second quarter. For the first time, the system is delivering 1 Bcf of natural gas per day to the Millennium and Tennessee Interstate Pipelines. This landmark achievement is significant for a couple of reasons. It is an important achievement for our DTE team as they start – system started with initial capacity of 0.3 Bcf per day. And through a lot of work and multiple expansions, we have more than tripled the capacity in just over five years. The other reason is that it is clear sign of the abundance of low-cost natural gas in a region closest to the nation's largest gas markets, enabling to build of new natural gas-fired plants. Our Millennium Pipeline is moving towards completing an additional 0.2 Bcf per day expansion in the second half of 2018, bringing its total capacity to 1 Bcf per day. The success in our Bluestone and Millennium Pipelines gives me confidence that we will see similar results as we move our new projects forward. The Link Lateral & Gathering project continues to receive significant market interest. Key producers continue to bring on additional wells online, and other producers will soon be doing the same. This is consistent with our expectations and supports the positive momentum for Link. We're also in ongoing discussions with producers to fill and expand the pipe. Gerry provided an update on the NEXUS Pipeline. I want to reiterate that we are ready for construction with right-of-way acquisition significantly completed, and most of our permits received. As soon as FERC nominations play out, and we then receive the certificate, we will begin construction. Projects of this scope takes 7 to 10 months to construct. We will be able to be more specific about an in-service date after the first two items occur. We'll do that as soon as we are able to. Regarding the FERC nomination process, there has been good progress on that front as well. Neil Chatterjee and Rob Powelson have been approved by the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, both by a very strong bipartisan vote. The two nominees now await a final vote by the full Senate. Recently, President Trump announced his intent to nominate two more commissioners, Richard Glick and Kevin McIntyre, with McIntyre expected to serve as chair. Once approved, Commission will have five members, which is fully staffed. We see strong bipartisan support for the nominees currently before the Senate, and are hopeful the Senate will schedule a vote on at least two nominees prior to its scheduled August recess. So, again, once we receive our FERC certificate, we will provide a more specific 2018 in-service date. Moving on to slide 9, I'll give you a brief update on some of our projects we discussed on our first quarter call. We are excited about what's happening in the P&I space, and have made significant strides with our new project. We began operations with a landfill gas plant we acquired a few months ago. A second landfill gas project, the construction of a new plant is progressing very well. We signed a contract in May and expect the facility to be in-service in the first half of next year. As we previously mentioned, we are in advanced discussions for several additional landfill gas opportunities. The other project we mentioned was construction of a new large-scale central energy plant. This plant is expected to be in-service in the second half of 2019, and will provide a large industrial customer with both combined heat and power as well as chilled and hot water. This project received board approval from both companies, we are currently in the late stages of finalizing the contract. All of these projects fit really well within our P&I portfolio and help shore up our long-term growth plan, filling in earnings when a portion of REF earnings roll off in 2021. We continue to develop other opportunities and we'll provide updates on these projects as well as other projects as they progress. And now, I'll turn it over to Peter Oleksiak, who'll provide a financial update for the quarter.
Jerry Norcia: We're seeing the producers – it's Jerry Norcia. We're seeing the producers drill and fill their capacity positions, and we are on a number of conversations that could lead to an expansion. But we haven't secured any of those at this point. But we're feeling very good, both the volumes and the drilling ramp that we're seeing, and the reserves that these producers are drilling into. It's certainly proceeding well in line with plans.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Our REF units will expire in tranches, the first one is the end of 2020, so 2021, and the other one being 2022. So this is tied to those units and the credits that will expire in that timeframe.
Jerry Norcia: So, we're very aware of – this is Jerry Norcia, very aware of the technical issues that Rover is experiencing. What I will tell you that Enbridge/Spectra and ourselves have been involved in many pipeline projects and have a tremendous amount of experience in building pipelines, and we feel that we'll proceed in a way that's environmentally responsible and follow best practices in the industry. So, we have not in our past experienced these types of problems, and we don't expect to experience any of them on this pipeline either – our pipeline.
Jerry Norcia: So we've got – our current commitments are underpinned 50% by LDCs, so it's a demand-pull, and our LDCs are actively in the region looking to secure supply. We have not had any issues in that regard. The other half of our commitments is from producers, and as we converse with our producers, they are prepared when we go into service to build the pipe.
Gerard M. Anderson: One thing to remember about that pipeline is it had capacity available for producers to expand into. So one of the key jobs was to fill up that volume, and as Jerry just said, we're feeling very encouraged by the pace of drilling and the level of activity in the area, and the growth we're seeing on the pipe.
Gerard M. Anderson: We've got – as you mentioned, we've got significant interconnectivity along the NEXUS Pipeline, that I think will yield more firm contracts. In terms of timing, a lot of the conversations are revolving around providing those potential shippers with certainty as when the pipeline will go into service. And I think the moment that we get a FERC certificate and we start construction, we'll start to move to close on some of those firm service agreements.
Gerard M. Anderson: So I think step one in working with the commission is work we're doing on a distribution investment plan. So we were asked by the commission to file a five-year look at distribution investments. And we took that as a very positive collaborative effort. They understand that we need to invest to modernize the system, to automate the system, to improve reliability and so forth, and it's a significant investment. So, the filing is really for them to understand it better and for the commission and DTE to be on the same page. That's step one. The second question is, how to fund that construction? And I think there is some interest on both sides for alternative mechanisms for the portions of that build that are straightforward and well understood, once the plan is well understood. But I guess I'd say, I wouldn't put the cart before the horse, so to speak. We want to get a good plan that's understood by the commission. And then if we can put a recovery mechanism in place that helps both sides, that's great; if not, we'll proceed as normal. I'd expect those sorts of discussions to be – about recovery mechanisms to potentially be playing out next year, after we work our way through the distribution plan this year.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, that would be one of the advantages, would be to spread out the time between cases and keep the cases focused on the things that really are out of normal, so to speak. So if we can have routine things covered in tracking mechanisms and the non-routine things covered in cases, that would be ideal. But, again, I think that's an agenda we'll work next year once we've got greater clarity on – an agreement on the investment agenda itself.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah, some of its related to the auto production. There is some retooling as they move over to new models, that's part of it. The other is the steel-related earnings, which we make very little margin on, were down quarter-over-quarter.
Gerard M. Anderson: So I'd say a couple of things without wanting to be too specific. I'd say number one, we're very close to this. We've got not surprisingly many people who are working closely with our senators and with members of the Energy Committee and people close to the whole discussion. Second, I can tell you that the discussion is very active. So the Senate leadership gets it that there's the country's business waiting to be done as not only these nominees, but other nominees sit out there unconfirmed. So they get it and that has led to very active discussions about deals and approaches that could move things along, hopefully move things along in packages and so forth. But I guess I would say that the discussions are fluid, and I'm not going to try to be overly specific in terms of how it might play out. I think we've got to leave that to McConnell, Schumer and company. But hopefully I guess the last thing I'd say is, you'd be concerned if there was kind of radio silence on the other side as they dealt with some of the big issues that they're dealing with. That's not the case. Now the discussions are very active on this, and there's a lot of interest in getting this done, hopefully. And I think there is hope that that would be before the August recess, but if not quickly, after they come back in early September.
Gerard M. Anderson: So we're not seeing issues on that front. I mean, you really asked two questions. Construction, and Jerry said, look, we built a lot of pipes in the past and we are planning to do it the right way. We're planning to do it in an environmentally responsible, well-planned way. And on production, they're going to put drilling activity in place when they need to, to meet their commitments on the pipe. They're not going to let a commitment on a pipe sit empty. So we are in active discussions. They plan to do that. And as Jerry said, we and the Canadian utilities are in active discussions to secure supply to fulfill our commitments and that's going well too.
Gerard M. Anderson: I'll just close the way I opened, which is to say the year is off to a really good start, halfway through, increasing guidance by $0.11. And as I said, I feel very good about our ability to meet that and our ability to continue the pattern of the 5% to 7% earnings growth that we've demonstrated, and we look forward to doing that for you. Thanks very much for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you soon.
