Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. The timeframe – so we're going to work through (21:11) process and work through, with our regulators, the phasing of both the retirements and the investment, but we do expect that to play out by 2023. Yes.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. The pipeline is 1.5 Bcf, and the interconnect agreements are 1.75 Bcf. Those interconnects are independent of what we already have contracted on the pipeline (22:00). Maybe I'll hand it over to Jerry Norcia to talk about – probably the process and timing for converting those to contracts.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. That will be later. I think step one is, bring it in, get it well contracted for current capacity. And step two then is to take on expansions. And expansions, as we've talked in the past, they always bring good economic value.
Gerard M. Anderson: So by the end of 2030, I think we'll have everything retired at our Monroe plant. The Monroe plant is the one plant that we invested in scrubbers and SCRs. It's a big plant, it's 3,000 megawatts. But that will be what remains, and essentially all the other coal will be retired and replaced through that plan of renewables and gas that I described.
Gerard M. Anderson: So that's been pretty much our pattern, is that our original guidance, if we exceed, we grow earnings off the original guidance than the prior year. But I guess, I'd just keep pulling you back to actual performance, which has been 6.5%. So I think, our pattern is pretty well established at this point.
Gerard M. Anderson: So let me comment on the Attorney General first. If you watch sort of energy discussions and dynamics in Michigan, our rate cases and most things, it gets filed around energy. There's usually a challenge of some sort or another, put out by the Attorney General. You just need to understand whether or not the challenge really is fundamental. But it's still – that's just the way of saying not unusual or surprised (27:32) dynamics. Don, maybe you can talk about timeframe for inclusion. Don Stanczak is here with us. He heads our Regulatory Affairs. He can talk about how the inclusion of NEXUS would play out at the utility (27:46).
Gerard M. Anderson: And that was a case being reviewed, that I quoted from earlier, where the staff was (28:20) their comments.
Gerard M. Anderson: I guess, one comment would be that, just as in the E&P sector, you're beginning to feel the turn there. Same in steel, that there you're beginning to feel the turn in the steel sector. So I think it begins to bode well for 2017 and 2018 as that sector gets some win behind it.
Gerard M. Anderson: So we continue to work this summer with some of the principles. I think what's likely come fall is that there will be activity again in the Senate. Kind of running out of time there with all the dynamics in the legislature between plants and roads and Detroit schools and things. So I think, there will be activity in the Senate. And then there'll be a chance that something could get passed in the Senate in the session in September, but we'll see. And then, I think, everybody will watch the election, and see what the election dynamics mean for the Michigan legislature, with the possibility that we would pick back up and pass legislation in the lame duck session at the end of the year. So if legislation is going to pass this year, would be in the lame duck. I guess I'd keep reminding folks that this is not so much a financial discussion, in fact it's not a financial discussion, really doesn't affect our five-year plan. But it is an energy reliability discussion. And at some point or another, we need to get – we need to be clear on who is building power plants for 10% of the market, and right now the answer is, nobody. And until we get policy in place that ensures that somebody does it, there's risk of reliability issues for the state. So if it doesn't happen this year, it'll happen at some point when it becomes clear that we need to take care of that.
Gerard M. Anderson: What it doesn't include, Steve, is the increased drilling activity that we now expect. So I think (34:38) for example (34:40) calls, they're now back drilling again. They have been completing ducks (34:45) and they continue that, but we'll be drilling again in our region. And so that has the potential to help with some strength for the balance of the year. But as Peter said earlier, and particularly – it particularly sets up well for next year.
Gerard M. Anderson: I would say that the portfolio discussions there on co-generation is as full and interesting as it's been in years. And we don't have one to tell you about that's popped yet, but I think we all feel that, out of that portfolio discussions, we're going to have some that do play through. So we hope to be able to give you a positive update sometime over the next six months.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. I think that what we probably ought to do is, let our team get a better sense for kind of the pace of completions, and what we're seeing there put a fence over that (37:10). Maybe we can be clear about what we see in terms of impacts this year and next, maybe on the next call.
Gerard M. Anderson: We've spent a lot of time talking to the Energy committee chairs, the MEDC, the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, and the agent, the administration, about NEXUS. So they kind of get how it fits into the gas supply picture here in the state is the state (40:35). Both we and consumers are transitioning off a lot of fuel supply from coal to gas. So they've taken the time to understand it. I think the letters of support, the statements of support are really based upon their belief that this is good for the customers, most importantly good for economic development and the state as well.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think, with that, we are done with questions. So I would just reiterate what I said at the outset. Six months in we're off to a really good start financially and otherwise. So we look forward to giving you another positive update in three months. And thanks very much for joining us this morning.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. Thanks, Gerry. So right now, the pipe is two-thirds full, and the environment, as we see it, is starting to improve significantly in that region, in the production region that NEXUS serves our gas pipes (22:21). So we're seeing renewed interest in terms of discussions from the producers, as well as, we're progressing a series of conversations along the pipeline in Ohio and in Michigan and other markets – in Ontario, as well as other parts of the Midwest, where customers are interested in (22:43) capacity. So we're confident that by the time the pipe goes into service, we will have more market commitment for this pipe (22:50).
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. It would involve, to get to 2 Bcf a day, would involve some compression and some looping (31:41) on the 36-inch pipe.
Gerardo Norcia: Not yet. That's something that we haven't worked out quite yet. We're trying to get to the 1.5 Bcf first, and then, I think, we'll quickly move to that 1.75 Bcf once the pipeline gets built, and people starts to get interested in more economic expansions.
Gerardo Norcia: We've seen two rigs move into the area that we're operating with Southwestern. So that's a very encouraging sign. So our expectation is that they'll continue to complete the ducks, as well as drill new wells with those two rigs.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. We are still planning on the $100 million, but we're really monitoring that the summer regular the (23:14) weather, we get additional revenue, also the cash flow is coming into the year. So we are looking at potentially deferring it, the material right now does reflect the $100 million (23:23).
Peter B. Oleksiak: One of the things that we're finding, that I'll add, is the – a lot of the pipelines that are greenfield pipelines, that are proposing to take gas out of this region, are facing significant delays and oppositions. And right now, our pipe is not faced with that. So we feel that we may be one of the first greenfield pipes to the market.
Peter B. Oleksiak: We're indicating at this point it's off the original guidance. We'll continue to assess 2017 and beyond. But at this point, it's off the original guidance.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Neel, there's two dynamics happening. Now, one of them you mentioned was the seasonality that will occur with our REF units, actually the first quarter with a little bit lower volumes given the warm weather, winter we're seeing actually reverse coming here in the summer with a hot weather we're experiencing. (29:08) there is back-end loading that will occur with our REF units. We did have some planned maintenance outages. We have wood waste renewable plant so that those planned outages did occur this year in the second quarter. So there is seasonality related to those earnings as well for the planned maintenance outages. We came into the year understanding the depressed steel market (29:32) into plan, and the onset was the REF units, and the volume related to REF, and that's playing out as designed.
Peter B. Oleksiak: It is. It is basically all of that. You look at the year-to-date results, year-over-year they're relatively flat. We knew going into the year, we're going to have a warm first quarter that did play out, and we plan for the rest of the year to make it up. And the second quarter, the O&M levels, in particular, were down quite a bit that helped offset those first quarter earnings. One thing we're looking at right now given the strength in our Electric utility, and we always like to manage typically on combined utility bases that we essentially will start investing back into the gas utility and getting those O&M levels back to normal levels.
Peter B. Oleksiak: We still have some investment we're going to making for the balance of the year. We are still committed to the guidance range as well for that segment.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Some of that – we are seeing a strong earnings coming across the multiple segments and sub-segments in it, and projects within that. It's tightening the guidance, pulling up that bottom end of the range. So we are seeing strong results for the year, and so we're feeling comfortable now of pulling up that bottom end of the range.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I'm still feeling comfortable with the $200 million to $300 million in the next two years to three years. It really does relate to the amount of capital spend we're spending at both our utilities and our non-utility business. So (38:05) we really want to maintain the strong balance sheet, thus set us up nicely. It's good even in this period of time having a strong balance sheet, so it's $200 million to $300 million until we see other way.
Peter B. Oleksiak: No, it's standard actually (39:21) depreciation on the new capital spend come again in property tax (39:27).
