Mark Rolling: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone on the call. I’ll open by saying that our cash flow and balance sheet remains strong and continue to support our long-term growth plans. So beginning on Slide 14 with a look at our cash flows through the first three quarters of the year, September year-to-date cash from operations is $1.2 billion. This is down a little compared to 2013 but it’s in line with our plan for the full year. Compared to the same period last year, DTE Electric had lower surcharge collections and higher fuel and purchase power costs. This is driven mostly by the colder weather we had early in the year. And similarly, DTE Gas has high weather-related gas purchases. Capital spending is up this year due to increased investments at the electric utility partially offset by lower capital spending at our non-utility businesses, which is really just a timing of our gathering related spend at GSP. We’ve included a more detailed breakdown of year-over-year CapEx on Page 22 in the appendix. So overall, net cash is down year-over-year which is consistent with our plan. Moving now to Slide 15, which shows our revised cash and capital guidance for 2014. On the left side of the page, cash from operations is still expected to come in at $1.6 billion while capital spending will be about $100 million lower than the original guidance, resulting in a $100 million improvement to free cash flow and net cash. We’re taking advantage of the low interest rate environment by refinancing more long-term debt than we had originally planned. On the right side of the page, you can see the breakout of capital spending by business units. Our projection for total CapEx is almost $2.2 billion. That’s down a little from our original guidance, but it’s up nearly 15% from last year. We still expect to spend 1.6 billion in Electric with a small change to the mix. And our non-utility investments will be about $160 million lower than planned. Now as you know, the capital spending in the non-utility businesses is driven by the timing of projects and it can be lumpy from year-to-year and that’s the case here today. Let me wrap up on Slide 16 with a look at our balance sheet metrics. We expect to end the year within the targeted range for both leverage and FFO to debt, and we’re nearly complete with our 2014 funding requirements with no plan to issue equity this year. We have a healthy $1.2 billion of liquidity at the end of September and lastly, we refinanced over $1 billion of long-term debt at very attractive rates, which will give us almost $25 million in annualized interest savings. Now, I’ll hand the discussion back over to Peter to wrap up.
Mark Rolling: This is Mark. We’ve previously said we’d be doing 200 million to 300 million per year in '15 and '16. When we go to EEI, we’re going to provide a refreshed outlook that will take you out through '17. And the equity plans we do won’t be dramatically different than what we’ve talked about and we’ll contemplate all the capital growth, that is our plans.
Mark Rolling: Well, we’ve refinanced everything that came due and there was some callable debt that we pull forward to take advantage of the rates. We may have a little more yet this year, but you’ve probably seen the lion’s share of us refinancing long-term debt here over the last two years in fact.
Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Mark. I’d like to move us to Slide 18 for a wrap up of the quarter. The quarter was impacted by a pretty unusual combination of cool summer, weather and increased storms, which were partially offset by strong performance in our non-utility businesses. We are confident in the remainder of the year as we are raising and narrowing our 2014 EPS guidance. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong and we are reiterating our commitment to the 5% to 6% earnings growth and providing attractive dividends. As I mentioned, we’ll be at EEI in a couple of weeks. We hope to see many of you there. Gerry Anderson will be providing a detailed business update for each of our business segments. The presentation that Gerry will provide will begin at 11.15 Central Standard Time on Thursday, November 13. For those of you not going to EEI, you’ll be able to join that webcast through our Investor Relations website. I’d like to thank you for listening to our call this morning. Now, we’ll be happy to take questions that you may have. As Anastasia mentioned, really a preference to focus on the quarter and the full year of 2014 saving the longer-term strategic dialogue for the November EEI meetings. So with that, Kyle, we’ll be open for the Q&A
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. As you know, we’re very excited about the project. Since our last earnings call we completed a really key milestone, the binding open season. The pipe right now is sized at the 1.5 BCF per day, originally going into the open season thinking we may be a 1B pipe. And we do have an enough commitments for the producers and end-used customers to move forward that project. The work that’s been done right now we have some right-away activity of the project. That’s in full motion. We also have environmental land studies going on. Our target is to make a FERC filing at the end of the year timeframe. On the ownership issue, we are still in discussions with Enbridge. That’s really the kind of remaining area or swing factor in terms of our ownership levels. I would anticipate that these conversations will probably go forward maybe into the end of the year timeframe. Either way we liked Enbridge to be in the pipe. It does make sense from a long-term strategic standpoint to have Enbridge in. If not, we’ll have a larger ownership of a really great project. But I’ll say really more than the year timeframe to finalize ownership levels.
Peter Oleksiak: For them – they are mainly an oil-based company with oil pipelines and really is around the capital allocation and resource allocation decision for them. I’m anticipating at the end they will be in this project. It’s a great project. They obviously feel so as well with even the end use coming from them as well in terms of some of the LDC support. If it really is around the capital allocation decision, I think at the end of day they’ll be part of the project. We like them part of it just from a strategic perspective to have their ownership interest in there as well as LDC support definitely helps the longer term on the overall viability and success of the pipe.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, I think it’s a great question and let me take a step back on Vector. We’ve indicated in recent years that we felt Vector was really well situated with the emerging shale gas in the region, especially the Utica shale. We had on the list and somewhere disclosures around potential pipeline projects we had to Vector expansion and we have that labeled as a TBD. This open season was prompt just by the number of proposed projects in the area. And so Vector really is now putting out an open season to see what’s the level of interest, what potentially could be the size of the expansion if there is going to be one. This would be a fourth quarter 2017 in service if there was an expansion. So through this open season, Vector is going to understand the total demand from the new projects as well as understand demand from existing shippers beyond the 2017 timeframe. So it is a bit early right now to really indicate what the potential expansion could be if there is going to be one. But I can say that this is definitely a very positive sign and the first step in the process around Vector.
Peter Oleksiak: With the customer rates, that’s just the PA169, we did make the filing there. We have indicated and it really was driven – as you know, there was a work group put together looking at large industrial (indiscernible) energy intensive customers. But those customers will experience an average rate deduction around 8%. The higher use will be probably more – maybe north of 10%. There will be reductions as well for some of the larger commercial customers. It is a rate neutral, so there will be some balancing across the remaining customer classes. We do have headroom, as you’ve indicated. This year we had surcharge reductions coming off. A big one Steven called out was a renewable program, the surcharge related to that. That was close to $100 million. All-in, the surcharge reductions this year was about a 6% headroom. Next year, we have our Nuclear Power payment related to Fermi that’s going to be around 6% as well. So we have enough debt. We do have a filing coming up around our rate case for Electric. It’s been a four-year stay out. It really is a capital driven, rate base driven case. It’s too early to really call what the size of that case will be, but we’ll have headroom between the surcharge reductions as well as our Nuclear Power payment to more than cover in that case.
Peter Oleksiak: Dan, that’s a really good question. Even the time we first started talking about the MISO (indiscernible) for 2016-'17 is now estimated at 3 gigawatt hours and that’s been a pretty recent disclosure from them, and it was up from 2 gigawatt hours which was the previous level. We mentioned on the call here, we have this current RFP for electric capacity. This really is intended to secure capacity for our full service customers in this tightening region of MISO. We have a natural summer short, but there’s capacity with tightness always as we’re looking at the end of the tightening market, we felt it really is prudent to cover that short really to secure capacity as well as more price certainly for our customers. We are developing plans to address our full service customers’ overall capacity needs in the 2016-'17 timeframe. This emerging capacity shortfall in part is really a reflection of the flawed retail access program here in Michigan and I’d say it’s probably really distributed to the lack of capacity planning from the choice providers. They were really taking advantage of the long market to-date. So I know a lot of your question is around the choice returns, what is the implications for us. Choice does return and we do believe that choice will be addressed up here coming in legislation and that there is a possibility of choice returning to us. We will have plans to serve them. That could mean additional capital, most likely not immediate but longer term for us.
Peter Oleksiak: We have indicated if you go back to even some of our disclosures, we did have there a Vector expansion as a TBD. So as we were contemplating NEXUS and sizing up NEXUS, there was a Vector expansion contemplated as well.
Peter Oleksiak: I’d say a portion of that, but it will be interesting the number of projects in the area as well as understanding existing shippers what their interest is beyond the 2017 timeframe. So there is a place all the way now, but that could vary depending what happens on this open season.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, I guess I can – not until mid November the EEI, but some of that will be – we will be going over in more detail and Gerry will obviously in a few weeks around how we’re thinking around our gas storage pipeline segment overall, what we think about future earnings, how do we feel about that white space. NEXUS, that was sized as a 1B pipe with one-third ownership. That’s coming in at 1.5B pipe with ownership as a TBD right now. So there is possibility for larger capital and earnings from NEXUS depending on where we end up with the ownership levels there. And there was a contemplation of the Vector expansion, so we’ll see coming out of this open season could it be larger potentially, could it be smaller, that may be a possibility as well, but more likely there will be an expansion. We won’t have completely nailed down for the EEI because that ends on November 4. That will take some time for us to really access what we think that is going to be.
Peter Oleksiak: Okay, I’ll handle the non-utility question and then I’ll turn it over to Jeff Jewell to talk about the lean implications of that. In the non-utility, it is timing. It’s a combination. There is some gathering investment. We’re doing the gathering right now for Southwest Energy. That really is timing in between here, so that’s what that is. A portion of it is also our Power & Industrial segment. We’ve indicated there is opportunistic investments there that won’t be in nature. There is no implications on our longer-term growth plans. It is timing for that. And then, Jeff, you want to handle the lean.
Peter Oleksiak: The RFP is an acquisition and we believe there are a few merchant plants that are in the state of Michigan. We believe we can secure them at a price that’s good for our customers and most likely will be less than the new build on that. For the near term, our solution for our full service customers is an acquisition. The longer term is if we do have a shortfall here in the MISO, especially with Zone 7, what is the pace and timing of new capital to cover that. We will be obviously spending capital. We’ve indicated that with the coal-plant retirements, but that’s more of a TBD at this point in time. And while that is also for us personally, DTE is what happens with choice.
Peter Oleksiak: The RFP that we have in motion right now will close in 2015 for the 2015-'16 timeframe. For the 2016 timeframe, we’re in plans right now developing plans for our full customers. Our actual filing around that is early in '16, but obviously we’re getting ahead of that and understanding the implications for our bundle of full service customers. We’re also monitoring the overall market and then trying to think through what happens if choice does return. So we are really kind of in the early stages of thinking about that as a company.
Peter Oleksiak: We are seeing strong performance and income from our reduced emissions fuel projects. A good portion of this is tied to additional volume that’s non-repeating related to some plant capacity factors and availability factors. So I’d say really and most of it will be non-repeating. We are just seeing growth from a segment overall for next year and we will be providing a fuller update on this segment at next month’s EEI conference.
Peter Oleksiak: No, the trading is and as you’ve indicated are having a really good year. We have indicated – we target or at least anticipate 20 million to 25 million of economic contribution per year from our trading company. This economic value will be coming over time into our accounting earnings. There is some noise and variability when it flows in. But when it does flow it, it is as we’ve indicated, over and above our 5% to 6% growth objective. So in the appendix page you will see there the $36 million year-to-date, so they’re having a strong performance but that doesn’t change our longer term basically expectations of the 20 million to 25 million.
Peter Oleksiak: I’d like to thank everybody for joining us today and hopefully we’ll see many of you next month in Dallas at the EEI Conference. Have a great day.
