Jerry Norcia: Thanks, Peter. I’ll wrap up on Slide 12 and then open up the line for questions. 2019 is shaping up to be a strong year as evidenced by our guidance increase, so we expect and continue our pattern of exceeding original guidance for over a decade. You can tell from our 2020 early outlook that we are planning for another strong year next year. The 2020 operating EPS midpoint of $6.61 provides 7.5% growth from our 2019 original guidance. The side’s growth rate is driven by a strong performance at all of our business units, with healthy growth at our 2 utilities, continued business development at P&I and the near-term EPS accretion from our recent GSP midstream acquisition. For 2020, GSP’s growth is more than double what we had anticipated. Going forward, we will continue to target a 5% to 7% EPS growth with 2020 outlook as the base of that growth. Our 7% dividend increase for 2020 demonstrates our confidence in the company’s performance and long-term strategic plan. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary infrastructure investments, specifically for investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. Our non-utilities continue to position us for long-term growth. Finally, I feel great about our ability to continue to deliver the premium total shareholder returns we have delivered over the past decade. And with that, I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And, Sergey, you can open up the line for questions.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, we have $300 million that we will be issuing next year in 2020. And here in 2019, we will be issuing the $500 million that we previously disclosed.
Jerry Norcia: No, I do not. The S&P rating, in particular, our strong BBB and excellent business risk profile, we were really targeting that. So we are very happy with that outcome. It gives us – actually, we have a lot of cushion even within that current rating and profile. Moody’s did fall in line with S&P. A part of the issue with Moody’s is they do not recognize the converts as equity. So that was one of the reasons behind the action they took, but with their new rating, we have a lot of cushion as well. So, we’re feeling really good where we’re at with the rating agencies at this point.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I think, Julien, the first thing is that the transaction supports the 7.5% growth, 2019 over 2020. And then as we’ve mentioned, we reestablished 2020 as the base for the 5% to 7% growth going forward long-term. So, we view the transaction not only as providing a lift, 2019 over 2020, but certainly provided an uplift long term as well in the plan and filled all the growth needs that we have at GSP.
Jerry Norcia: Well, Julien, again I’ll repeat that. It certainly supports the 7.5% growth, 2019 over 2020. And if you lock in that growth and then grow 5% to 7% from there, this transaction as well as the other investments in GSP, and let’s not forget that the bulk of our investment is going into our 2 utilities, those high growth rates from our utilities, high growth rate from GSP, as well as the strong growth off the P&I base will support 5% to 7% growth over the new 2020 base, and we’ll provide a lot more detail by business segment at EEI.
Jerry Norcia: Well, two things, the transaction, as we mentioned, is providing significant accretion next year. So, it is filling a portion of the growth objective of GSP, but I can tell you we’re also planning very carefully for the balance of the platform at GSP in light of market conditions.
Jerry Norcia: So we’re working very closely with all the producers. So our plans reflect that. It will be in – be very careful.
Jerry Norcia: Well, what we can say is that if you look at all those investments and that drives a 30% – 34% growth year-over-year in the GSP segment, and overall, allowed us to lift our corporate growth of 7.5% year-over-year, and sets us up really nicely long-term that meet our 5% to 7% growth corporately, along with our growth at our utility. So we typically don’t describe each platform, but what I can tell you, I’ll repeat is that the balance of our platforms, we are planning for it very carefully next year in light of the market conditions. So the 34% reflects that and supports our 7.5% growth year-over-year.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, we did acquire some new units that here in the late summer, and we did redeploy those at existing sites, where with it some units were sunsetting. So REF is flat. The way to think about is, REF is flat year-over-year. So the growth we’re seeing is really around the origination that we’ve been doing over the last few years. These additional units in REF will contribute about $30 million over the next couple of years, which is a really nice chunk of cash and it really helps reduce equity needs over the next 3 years.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. The new ones as well as all the existing is the end of 2021. They all sunset at that point in time.
Jerry Norcia: Well, typically, we have said and continue to maintain that will grow dividends in line with our earnings growth, but we’ll be able to provide a little more color in detail on that at EEI as to how will it look going forward. But certainly it will be in line with earnings growth.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we’re looking at all our platform, Shahriar. And certainly, we’re operating in a low price environment. So as we continue our conversations and discussions with our partners, we are forecasting earnings growth of 34% in this business line in light of these market conditions. If the market conditions improve, things could change. But certainly, we’re planning carefully for this business segment at this point in time. In addition to the balance of our portfolio, which we feel very comfortable will help us deliver a 7.5% growth year-over-year.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We have started to see interest in and terming out longer than we’ve seen in the past. So we find that as an encouraging signal from the market that there is desire to contract somewhat slightly longer-term. And so we continue to move our contract portfolio in excess in that direction. So we are seeing positive signal there.
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, we think that could be having an impact. And, of course, production continues to grow in the Appalachia at this point in time. So we believe that it’s a combination of those factors was creating more interest.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Actually that’s a good way of thinking about it. Yeah, the 15%. Part of that 7.5% includes that 15% for sure.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, that’s correct. We had – last year was one of the hottest we’ve had here – on record here in Michigan in the region. So you take that away and normalize weather this year, we had positive weather this year of $27 million, but last year was much higher. That was over $60 million, that when you take that away, kind of, look at the rate base growth, it will be in line with the 7% to 8% that we expect from this segment.
Jerry Norcia: Actually, all of the growth is fully contracted with Indigo. And so the $600 million plus the other $400 million that we talked about approximately about $1 billion is fully contracted growth over the next 18 to 24 months.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, David for the next few years, we should be able to do up $200 million to $300 million, a lot of that is going into funding our pension, which were a few years away from doing that.
Jerry Norcia: Well, the generation pipeline, just to remind everyone, is very proximal to the NEXUS pipeline. And it stands on its own, with its own long-term contracts. And it gives us a nice return and nice accretion. The plan is to connect that asset with several miles of pipe to NEXUS. And that will provide approximately 400 million to 500 million a day outlet for that pipeline. But again, just to repeat, we do have long-term contracts, they are about 13 years in length, so very nicely contracted piece of pipe with demand charges.
Jerry Norcia: We essentially have secured 3 co-gens this year. One we were – two we were public about, Stelco, in Ontario with their Lake Erie Works facility. We signed a long-term arrangement with them to develop a co-gen Facility. And then we also have a commercial customer that we haven’t yet disclosed that we signed a purchase agreement with, the purchase at co-gen facility. And lastly, we signed an operating agreement with Wayne County for their correctional facility to operate their industrial services assets. In addition to that, we also closed two RNG projects in Wisconsin this year. So, three co-gens and two RNG projects, which gives us to be approximately the $15 million origination target that we are pursuing this year.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah, there are really two factors. One is the fact that gas prices continue to be at low levels. And secondly, electric rates continue to rise, so the spread between gas and electric to produce power continues to widen and that creates an attractive opportunity for customers that have won a large electric need. And two are usually typically have steam host as well.
Jerry Norcia: There is a high thermal need and a large electricity need. Those two factors make co-gens very attractive.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I’ll wrap up by thanking everyone for joining the call. 2019 again is shaping up to be another very successful year. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in a few weeks, where we will describe in more detail our growth strategies and our 5-year outlook for each business line. We’ll also describe our financing and dividend strategies in more detail. DTE story will continue to be a strong one into the future that will deliver premium shareholder returns. So thanks again for joining us and have a great day.
Peter Oleksiak: They do include the mandatory converts. It will be approximately $1 billion related to the acquisition, but the $1.5 billion to $2 billion does include those converts.
Peter Oleksiak: I think just to add on as well in this segment in particular, we’re feeling really good with the growth rate going forward. We will be talking in more detail at EEI about this. I can tell you though that we have a previous disclosure out there of 2023, and we’re going to be more than achieving that.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we will, and in this segment in particular, we have some great growth platforms now, so we’re not looking for any big new acquisitions. So, we have a lot of opportunities. You mentioned a few just in your question there. So between Link and NEXUS, and now this new Blue Union and LEAP asset, we’re going to have a lot of organic growth opportunities, but we’ll give more updates here at EEI.
Peter Oleksiak: So thank you for that question. The bulk of our returns from RNG asset investments are in the dairy sector, and most of the value from that comes from the low carbon fuel standard that exists in California to displace essentially diesel and gasoline in the CNG markets. We have seen a decline in the RIN pricings, but we have seen it also start to recover recently. But it forms a small portion of our forecast for these assets and these investments, which with the LCFS they still remain very attractive assets and very attractive returns. Our outlook, you asked, how do we feel about how it’s looking. Feel that the EPA will issue a volume obligation. They’ll be more in line with the supply that’s available. And I believe that’s why we’re starting to see somewhat of whatever recovery in the pricing for the RINs.
Peter Oleksiak: So let’s start with the competitiveness of the Haynesville. We had the opportunity through this transaction to review all 1,700 of their proposed drilling locations. And we did that ourselves along with 2 reserve consultants. And we can tell you, after that analysis, we felt that the resource is extremely strong, whereby there are at least 10 years of drilling available at sub $2 prices. So that’s one. Number two, the pipeline is being constructed, creates great interconnectivity with the Gulf Coast markets, including industrial, power and the emerging LNG markets. And the proximity to those markets provides a very large basis advantage that other resource basins don’t enjoy. So we felt that the quality of the resource, the interconnectivity of the resource with growing markets, and three, the positioning of the resource, which provides it with basis advantage, create a really nice package of high returns and strong cash flows. In terms of MVCs and demand charges they are essentially the same thing. MVCs are monthly demand charges, just that in the gathering business they call it a minimum volume commitment. And in our pipeline businesses, including the pipeline that we’re building for this asset, they call it a demand charge. But they are essentially equivalent in nature.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we’ll be issuing approximately $1 billion. And we’re going to finalize the exact dollar amount here shortly, but it will be about $1 billion.
Peter Oleksiak: It will be here in the fourth quarter. We want to close this transaction early December. So we’re going to be looking at the market and working conditions, but it will be between now and then.
