Gerry Norcia: Well, we're looking -- Shar, we're looking at how we can accelerate our coal retirements. We've started with a larger position in our coal fleet and our self-generation fleet. So we are looking very closely at how we can accelerate all of these retirements prior to 2040. So you'll recall that in our prior IRP, we were retiring all of our coal by 2040. So we're looking at acceleration scenarios to pull that forward. And as I've mentioned in past discussions, we will update you likely at the end of the year or early next year as what those plans may look like. And we're spending a lot of time with various stakeholders through the summer, including our Board, having those conversations, trying to balance the interest of acceleration and of course, affordability and reliability.
Gerry Norcia: It will either there, Shar, or early in the new year,t hat's the range of timing that we're looking at right now. We'll get a little tighter on that as we go forward.
Gerry Norcia: Well, we're looking -- obviously, we're in the middle of all of that analysis. And as you've mentioned, Shar, typically, we update our capital forecast at EEI for our five year outlook. And as we start to build in these earlier retirements, there could be impact on the back end of that plan. As you recall, the back end of our plan return more to the average in terms of rate base growth and earnings growth of the two utilities. So likely it will be impactful in the back end of that plan. So more to come on that, Shar, but we're working through all those details now.
Gerry Norcia: We can comment on the first half, and I know the pipeline company will have their earnings call here later, I think early next month. So I'm sure they'll comment on that. But what we can talk about is the first half of the year, and we just saw favorability in all the platforms across the board, our southern platforms and our northern platforms.
Gerry Norcia: Again, it was a pickup in activity and value across all our platforms, both in the Appalachia platforms and the Haynesville platform. I think in terms of forward looking that will be more appropriate for DTM to describe.
Gerry Norcia: Well, the nonutility business will make up no more than 10% of overall operating earnings for the company. So the growth will be modest compared to the growth that we're seeing at our two utilities. We're planning to put to work over the next five years in our two utilities and somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion to work in our nonutility businesses. So it will be modest levels of investment. We don't need a lot of income growth from that business. So we're being really picky and discerning about the type of projects that we invest in, in RNG, where we're seeing three to four year paybacks, simple cash paybacks and unlevered IRRs after tax in the teens. So that's what we're going after. So not a lot of pressure to grow there. And so we're being very discerning about our growth projects.
Gerry Norcia: That’s correct, Julien. We're going to be -- typically, we target the midpoint of our growth rates, that's how we plan for our business, that's how we build contingency plans, and that's what we're going to deliver next year.
Gerry Norcia: The voluntary renewables update that we'll provide in the fall will certainly play into the five year plan. I would say the IRP work that we're doing could come into the five year plan, the latter part of the five year plan, but certainly there will be a good story beyond the five year plan as well.
Gerry Norcia: What we are seeing, Julien, is growth rates and our operating earnings growth to utilities higher than our average that we’ve advertised, the 9% at the gas company and 7%, 8% at the electric company in the first couple of years of our five year plan, and that’s helping us deliver that smooth EPS growth rate that we’ve described. And then that returns more to the average in the out years of the plan as we’ve described.
Gerry Norcia: What we're seeing is with the level of investment that we have to make, which is a couple of RNG projects a year, a couple of dairy farms a year, is another way to think about it. Not really having trouble originating greenfield, where we've seen things get a little more frothy is when assets are up and right, people are paying a lot of money for these assets that are up and running, private equity and other types of investment vehicles. But on the origination front, greenfield, we're able to get the returns we want to get the projects that we want.
Gerry Norcia: You're correct, we're using the original 2021 guidance that we provided as the basis for our growth rate.
Gerry Norcia: 2020, but it would be similarly smooth for '21 because we target midpoint for each of the years in terms of original guidance as a starting point.
Gerry Norcia: So on the electric rate case, yes, it's still late this year, no earlier than October of this year that we will file. And on the gas case, we've engaged in conversations with interested parties to try and move the case towards some form of settlement. But we're feeling pretty good about that in terms of how that case is progressing and the final outcome.
Gerry Norcia: We are not, at this point. Certainly, the large manufacturing that are starting to take actions to make sure that the delta variant doesn't impact our operations, things like masking and social distancing, are starting to be reintroduced somewhat in preparation to a potential delta variant surge here in Michigan. But we're not seeing anything that puts any of our margin at risk at this point in time.
Gerry Norcia: We constantly work to maintain our O&M as flat as possible. And I think you'll see from our history that we're one of the better performing utilities in terms of being able to keep our O&M costs relatively flat. I think over the last several years, we've been about 1% CAGR on O&M. We do have significant opportunities to continue to do that looking forward. And that certainly is built into our growth plans as well as our affordability go gets for our two utilities.
Gerry Norcia: We've been looking at that pretty hard as we started to build our plans for '22 and beyond. And we've got long term contracts for some of our key commodities on the material side. So we're not seeing pressure there. And with our contractors, I don't do a good portion of our work, those are obviously negotiated prices. And again, not seeing anything that would give us great concern at this point in time.
Gerry Norcia: What we're looking at are various techniques that we have at our disposal, one is accelerated depreciation. We're also looking at ways to make the asset lives longer in terms of getting ready and using additional and there’s all kinds of fiscal options for that that we're considering. And we're also looking at some tax strategies that could help smooth affordability as well. So multiple ways that we're looking at making the financing of the retirement of coal earlier more affordable to our customers, and also making sure that our investors get their value out of these assets.
Gerry Norcia: Well, right now, Anthony, we're really focused on our $17 billion growth agenda to utilities, which is the lion's share of our CapEx and of course, having modest growth for our nonutility business, P&I and RNG and cogen primarily. So that's really our play right now for the next five years.
Gerry Norcia: So I would venture to say that our ESG metrics will improve with the spin of DTM. But Barb, maybe I'll get Barb to provide some insights to you, Anthony, as to when that might happen, when might we get the next score.
Gerry Norcia: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying that DTE had a very successful first half of the year, and we're feeling really good about the remainder of 2021 and also how well we're setting up for 2022. So I hope everyone has a great morning, and stay healthy and safe.
Dave Ruud: First, if you look at quarter-over-quarter that we have in there, you could see that was way up, and that was especially commercial and industrial, that was really because we were comparing back to the worst period of the pandemic. So quarter-over-quarter, we saw commercial and industrial way up. Interestingly, we saw residential stay pretty flat quarter-over-quarter. And that's interesting because last year with people working from home, we saw our residential load running at an average of about 8% higher than we would have expected pre pandemic. And this year, so far, we're seeing that continue even though there has been some return to work that we still see but we're seeing this favorability at residential, and that's what's driving some of the favorability. So we've expected it to reduce more. But at this point, it's pretty sticky. So we're going to be watching this closely to see how it plays out and how it can impact really customer affordability going forward if it's remained sticky. I would say on commercial load, I mean, that's come pretty much all the way back from as to what we would have expected. At the kind of the height of the pandemic, we thought we'd see some more bankruptcies and closures in commercial, and we really haven't seen that. So we've seen our commercial load really come back to as expected. Industrial load was coming back and pretty much came back, but that has some variability in it due to some of the instability really or the challenges at the auto plants right now with the chip shortages, they're running a little more sporadically. But really it's been a great return to load and then the residential remains really sticky for us.
Dave Ruud: Right now, you've seen we've given the guidance through the three years, which only has really acquisitions as those converts that come in '22. As we look out of the five year plan, our goal is going to be to continue to minimize the equity issuance we made and that's how it fits within the plan that we're looking at right now.
Dave Ruud: This was just continued good performance of the trading group in the gas portfolio. But I can't say what gave us the confidence to raise the guidance was the favorability we had from that small physical storage position that gave us the gain during the first quarter during that cold weather in Texas. So our expectation going forward and future years is that we'll be more in line with our original guidance when we don't have those kind of unexpected onetime things.
Dave Ruud: In the guidance update that was all taken out the second half of midstream. And you're right, we have seen some strength too, and we're coming in a little bit above our plan in cash so far this year, mainly due to strength in operating cash flows from electric and from some of the other businesses, too.
Dave Ruud: Yes, there is conservatism in that. As you can see, we put our guidance from 25 to 35, and we're pretty much within that range or at the top end of that range already. So we do have some conservatism in that number. And we'll just have to watch how it plays out throughout the year.
Dave Ruud: Yes, there will be an adjustment to the settlement rates to ensure consistency of the economics. So it will change the convert price kind of in proportion with the equity price so that equity holders remain [whole], and Barb can send those mechanics to your -- you can contact Barb and get the actual mechanics of that, if you want, after the call.
Dave Ruud: I think with the trading levels, seeing where the stock price will be at the time of the converts still will affect that.
