Gerry Anderson: Yes, that was a comment around our gathering activities and what I meant to imply was our work with Southwestern around Bluestone last year was I would just say extremely busy. They – as they disclosed on their calls really are focusing capital there because it’s a good place for them to earn returns. And as they focus their drilling there we need to – we are between them and the market. So we are extremely busy this past year. I will tell you that maybe the most important continuous improvement project we had in our company this year was driving down gathering costs for Southwestern and becoming best in industry, yet undertaking that, because your ability to earn additional opportunities with gatherers is driven by how well you do it and never being in their way in terms of getting to market and just being consistent. We did as you know I think expand our agreement with them. So that will be leading to other activity with them in that region in expanded geographies, so that’s going to keep us busy for the next couple of years. And we do in that business line have an explicit goal to take the skill set that we have developed in Michigan and are working there in Pennsylvania to places like the Utica Shale and more broadly in the Marcellus Shale. So that’s probably what I was getting at.
Gerry Anderson: I mean future growth opportunities or the way I would characterize it is that the agreements that were signed with NEXUS and Rover if you were to look at the earnings growth guidance that we have provided, those agreements fully supported the guidance that we have out there and what we need from Vector to fulfill those. I think the future growth of Vector really now comes as NEXUS and Rover mature and as volumes grow in the Utica, if you look at anybody’s projections of the Utica, they are going to see aggressive growth there and we fully expect that those volumes to go both north and south and to the mid-Atlantic, but a healthy portion will find their way north, because they are good markets. And I recently have had a good basis differential. So, we would expect as the overall volumes of the region grow, we will get our portion of those and that’s really what will drive Vector’s growth. In terms of timeframe, most of the projections you see of that growth on Vector happen pretty – that growth in the Utica happen at a pretty aggressive pace over the next 5 years. So, we don’t have anything firm now, but we would expect as that growth comes, the Vector should benefit.
Gerry Anderson: We had a couple of large projects in California and one in North Carolina, large for landfill gas. Landfill gas projects in general are not huge, but these are in the 10 megawatt to 20 megawatt sort of range and that’s pretty big for those. So, those are adding as well.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I think just to start with where you ended that have legislators and policymakers who haven’t been closely watching energy are being educated on the EPA regulation, it’s timeframe and how big a deal it is? It’s not like a big deal for our state, it’s every state, but beginning to understand what a big deal it is for Michigan, but in addition to that, Dan, my service come out with its capacity projections for the Midwest, the upper portion of MISO. And the place where there is a capacity shortfall is Michigan. And MISO is projected at 3 gigawatts in Michigan. So, in addition to the EPA actions, Michigan needs to act, because it has a capacity shortage in 2016. And not surprisingly, the amount of that capacity short is pretty much one-to-one with what the retail access load or choice load in the state is, because we and consumers are building for our customers and nobody is planning for or building for those retail access customers. So, that’s come into the lens as well that the state needs to act to address that capacity shortfall in 2016. And it needs to be clear about who is responsible for that. So, that’s a timing driver too and I think has got a lot of people realizing that we can’t wait on the EPA. Even EPA, if you think about it, we need to move now to have the processes in place, because this EPA regulation finalizes late summer. We have probably 2 years then to submit plans. And the fact that you are submitting plans means that you have been through some process, where you believe that you come to agreement with stakeholders to actually build what you have in your plant. Well, there is a lot that needs to happen over the next couple years to come to agreement on big capital expenditures to pull that off. Everything that we build takes 3 to 5 years and the EPA has an interim compliance date of 2020. That comes a couple of years after we will have put our plans together. So, anybody who thinks about this very long realizes that most companies are already – should already feel like they are up against it in terms of timing. And that’s true in Michigan as well. And I think the folks who have spent some time with energy are beginning to realize that there is no luxury of additional time we need to act. So, I think all of that is coming together to drive the timing of this Dan and that’s positive. What I expect is that the governor will give a address here in March. It was actually a roads ballot initiative to raise money to fix the roads here that will occupy a lot of folks in the political arena in the early part of the year that will play through. And then I think both the Governor and legislative leaders have said that that energy becomes a principal priority, numerous people have spoken about trying to knock it off by mid-year. So we would expect that there will be a pretty pointed discussion in the second quarter, about where to take energy policy.
Gerry Anderson: Well, we are seeing the first - kind of the first Echo’s of that whole thing right now is we are buying existing power plants that’s responding to capacity shortages in the near-term but its also beginning to position the fleet longer-term. In terms of new assets we could see some renewable build I think continuously between now and 2020 with larger projects beginning to show up in the late-teens and early-20s, those would be the combined cycle units. So our hope would be to spread this out over time as much as possible and not point load it, so that we can really manage customer rate increases in a ratable way. So I would expect that once we become a bit clearer on state policy we are going to begin to step our way into this.
Gerry Anderson: I think we can be clearer on the sorts of assets that we will be investing in the timeframe once we get a plan put in place and a clear framework for that. And I do expect that if I look forward over the 5-year planning period that we will start pushing investments in to respond to this. The renewables you can move pretty quickly. The combined cycles as you know to permit and engineer and so forth take longer. So we couldn’t get those out until probably the late teens and earliest into the early-20s. But we will – that’s the timeframe we are targeting.
Gerry Anderson: To put it in a different way, as I said in my comments we don’t have a policy that makes it clear who is responsible for that roughly 1,000 megawatts. If that responsibility comes to us then we can’t do anything in terms of long-term assets in a short timeframe. So we will have to scramble to put together short-term solution, but it would mean that we would be building 900 more megawatts of some combination of renewable peaking and combined cycle assets. We don’t know the exact mix of that, but it would be roughly a 1,00 megawatts of additional construction that we would undertake.
Gerry Anderson: So, let me start with the last question. What I would characterize on the additional open season is that at DTE and I think Spectra is very similar. We like to have 80% plus of the pipe contracted with firm contracts before we head into the engineering and construction. And with the initial open season and the work we did this past year, we achieved that, so we are moving ahead. But on any of these pipelines, the process then of expanding take really happens continuously right through the day you start the pipe. And so as our pipe has become more real and people realize we are moving ahead with it, people then begin to say well, maybe we got to look at attachments. So, we – as I mentioned in my comments, we got interest in additional load upstream of the pipe, upstream from Kensington. We also have load points along the path of the pipe that realize they could build out modest laterals and use the pipe for things that work for them. So, those are the sorts of things that are coming in. And as we think about the pipe, we are really trying now to evaluate and finalize the ultimate capacity of the pipe. And the work we are doing with these additional expressions of interest is going to help us clarify just what final capacity we want for the pipe and so forth. So, I hope that helps. I don’t know that it’s so much an expansion as it is trying to land on the capacity we built for the pipe and build additional support to undergird it.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, yes. I am sorry I forgot the first part. So, our number is still assumed that we are a third and Enbridge continues to work through. So, they have signed on to take capacity from the pipe, but I think they have this still in their capital allocation decision-making queue. And we consistently say we would love to have him on as a partner, but we and Spectra stand ready to take the project 50-50 if they decide they want to put their investments into other opportunities at the company. We don’t have clarity on that yet that’s really in their decision-making process.
Gerry Anderson: I think our statements in that are probably similar that we have done a lot of work looking at MLPs and understand that the quality of an MLP is very proportionate through the scale of assets that you have available and the length of time that those assets could be deployed over. And you see radically different quality from companies who don’t have much of a queue that they can utilize versus companies who have a long one. And the implied yields are extremely different. So, what we have concluded is that we really wouldn’t want to move at a scale that implies a low-quality MLP. And if we choose to do this, it will be after we play out at least the plan that we kind of have in front of us right now.
Gerry Anderson: Just to add to Peter’s comments back when Vector was build Canadian volumes floating to Chicago market and it was a pipe in many ways to take that gas into storage in Michigan and at Dawn. And you know what the dynamics of Canadian gas have been, they have changed pretty sharply. And so a number of the shippers and there were a couple of marketers in there as well who had capacity. That play just really wasn’t there with the same strength it had in past, so that was behind their not renewing and as Peter said the pipe really flipped through the pipe it’s now more focused on Utica. I do think it will be bidirectional so that Utica gas is going to be able to press its way into Illinois and Wisconsin markets and those are great markets as well as Michigan and Ontario.
Gerry Anderson: I think you asked whether there was any connection between the two, there really isn’t Millennium interestingly was initially build as a pipe to take Michigan and Dawn storage to New York and the Northeast and it’s been overwhelmed by Marcellus Shale dynamic. So it’s now a bidirectional pipe that’s all about Marcellus Shale. If we continue to expand that pipe as fast as we can because the volumes there are growing so heavily, the region is constrained for export capacity, you know that the Northeast is looking for more path so the discussions are very active about all of that.
Gerry Anderson: Well, look I will wrap up quickly just by saying that we feel great about 2014. I repeat what I said at the outset. I feel great about the way we are positioned for 2015 as well. So, as I said to our employees the other day, we have had about a half dozen years of really strong both performance and financial results here at the company and I feel good about making 2015 the seventh in the string. So, with that, we will close up look forward to talking with all of you and seeing you in the near future. Thanks for being on the call.
Peter Oleksiak: Hey, Julien, this is Peter. The increase in earnings year-over-year in renewables in that sub-segment is related to the ramp up that we have been describing these wood waste generating plants. We have a few of them, actually all of them in service right now, so few of them are ramping up, we are going to see sizable increase year-over-year on that. And also we have some new biomass projects that were coming online.
Peter Oleksiak: The choice – Greg, this is Peter. The way to think about it our choice shortfall is about 900 megawatts. And we will take some short-term actions that comes back quickly, but long-term we will be feathering that into our long-term planning and base load generation.
Peter Oleksiak: No, the way this worked out is really nice for Vector. The expiring contracts have now been completely filled with the new volumes coming from Nexus to Rover. And as Gerry mentioned earlier it’s really nice with our earnings guidance and planning for Vector. And it sets up Vector nicely for future expansion. Now that it’s refilled.
Peter Oleksiak: Andrew, this is Peter. The initial Vector pipeline you recall was really built to deliver gas from the west to the east. So, those additional foundational shippers that help underpin the economic stability in that pipe. It was really different basins in different purpose than today we are actually excited now to see that Vector has a role and purpose within the shale gas that’s in our region. And it really will be more of a producer driven pipe with our producers within our region. So I think it played out nicely for us and really we feel the pipe and it’s really a defined purpose now for Vector going forward.
Peter Oleksiak: There are some early conversations we are having with LDCs in the East Coast. So, if there is an expansion opportunity, it will be more in the ’17, ’18 timeframe.
Peter Oleksiak: That was as we are refining our capital planning and this is what we always call – characterize it as an early outlook. There is the normal timing of it with some environmental related timing, generation related timing. It really was not related to the RFPs.
Peter Oleksiak: We plan on about 0.5% growth in ‘15. We are forecasting now is 0.5% growth to 2014. So within that, I would say the underlying growth before energy efficiency is probably about a 1% higher, but we are counting on above 1% of efficiency in that.
