Gerry Anderson: So I will start with the distribution plan. We are working very closely with the Public Service Commission staff right now. In fact, we are ramping up a process, where we have been laying out the distribution system needs over the next five years. It has been a really healthy open process, and I think what that is going to do, is essentially lay the logic for the capital expenditures that we have in the plan that we have laid out for you. And then on the IRP front, I think the IRP is consistent with what we have said before, that we are going to retire -- if you look over the next five years or so, retire those two coal plants. We need this Gas plant to backfill those. We will continue to add renewables, both up through 2021, when the state target is 15%, but really beyond that as well. I fully expect that we will continue to add additional renewables, as the price on those continues to go down, and something our customers want us to do. So as far as additional CapEx, to be honest, I think the plan we have laid out is one, it has got a healthy amount of work to renew our utility infrastructure, and that's what we are focused on executing.
Gerry Anderson: So we expect that this year, that it will be internal mechanisms. We have capacity for about $300 million in internal mechanisms. That varies year-by-year due to pension contributions and other things. But I think for the foreseeable future, we expect the vast majority would play out that way.
Gerry Anderson: Yeah, we have gotten a fast start on it. So we said last year, $45 million incremental needed. But we really think at the end of this year, it will be about $30 million into the $45 million, two years into the five years. And we will just keep evaluating, if the market keeps offering us opportunities at that pace as Jerry said, there could be some upside to what we talked about.
Gerry Anderson: I view it pretty much the same way we always have. So we, with a high bar out there, for something that we think would actually be added to what we think is a good strong plan that we have. And so, we look -- but I think, the characteristics you need are something that actually genuinely brings efficiency and cost reduction, and maybe a handful that could do that. But as you know, you can't pay some of these really high premiums for that or all of that is given away and more. So if we ever found one that was great for our customers through efficiency and could be done at low premium, maybe. But just say, we put a high bar out there for it, and don't see it at the forefront of our strategy right now.
Gerry Anderson: I guess our reaction to this is that, we are actually very happy to have this reduction go back to customers, and to have it go back quickly. Because as you said, the thing that we worry most about, as we go through this, having infrastructure renewal cycle, is keeping it affordable. I think the one thing that differentiates, and actually if you look back over time, companies that do well, as you go through a heavy investment cycle versus those that don't, is how they manage it for the customers, whether their customers and regulators remain supportive. And a lot of that is tied to how affordable it remains. And so when we saw this, our reaction was good, it helps us achieve our targets for rates and rate levels. Now I think what in the end that's going to do, is make feasible in a way that works for everybody, the capital plan that we have laid out here over the next five years, which is we have been saying, that's some very heavy infrastructure investments embedded in it. So that's the way we are thinking about it, and when we generally get asked, about upside as a result of this, we are trying to retain some of the tax savings for upside. That's not the way we are thinking about it, we are really thinking that it's a really helpful aid to the plan we have laid out, in terms of keeping things affordable.
Gerry Anderson: So just to add there, obviously on the partnership positions, there is some tax savings. We also have other projects that aren't already up, where there's obviously tax benefits as well on current contracts. And then the point Peter is making is, you go through the transition Jerry Norcia was describing, is we had R&D projects and Industrial projects and so forth. And current projects of that type, we have benefit on future projects. I expect it will be a shared benefit, where some of that goes through the customer and some of that comes to us.
Gerry Anderson: Yeah, that's correct. Should we get an immediate $0.10 and then a slow build to $0.13, as we play through the five years.
Gerry Anderson: But we do include. So we are growing up the total number, trading for a couple of percent of our total.
Gerry Anderson: Could be, we might see a little growth in trading. I mean, when do you do the math, it's a few million dollars, so it just doesn't swing much in the growth.
Gerry Anderson: So we are looking for them -- what they have done. It's $25 million to $30 million of cash a year that we can use to reduce equity, that's their role.
Gerry Anderson: I think it's both. If you think logically about it, every project has lots of variables that come into determining your return on capitals. But one of them is competitive dynamics, and how many opportunities -- they are competing for the opportunity. So if there is low competition presumably, and you really are the one best suited to serve the need, you might have a higher share. At high competition, the share might be lower, and I think in a lot of cases that we play out in, will see a split at that value. So we try to be conservative and not play a lot of that future tax value on future projects into our projections. But I think we will see it, and will help us in our achievement.
Gerry Anderson: The ones that are already existing and are in hand with negotiated contracts in place, will obviously get the benefit of that.
Gerry Anderson: We are in an active case, Steve, so I am probably going to leave most of our commentary for that venue. But that said, if you have watched our ROE proceedings and our rate proceedings over the year, it's not unusual to see positions out there that are lower than what we have or what we have filed for. But when you set back from all of that, I feel we are going to get a constructive set of outcomes in our Electric and Gas cases, and constructive on the ROE front that will support the plan we put out for the year.
Gerry Anderson: Steve, just to add on to that; you go there, our position in Pennsylvania, Bluestone and Millennium, we hit a record production level last year, and as we mentioned, we got pulled for more there, down on our Link assets. We just had a producer there double their position with us. And if you come up to Nexus, one of the interesting things there is to, I think in a region where output is growing rapidly, the producers are definitely scaling up operations there. Nexus is, for the next couple of years, likely to be the only path out with any capacity. We are working to make sure that capacity doesn't exist for very long, as we fill up the pipe. But we are in option, out of the region, or out of that zone right now, as it scales up production.
Gerry Anderson: Nexus not materially, since it goes into service so late in the year. So it's really not relevant for 2018. And the other pipes do have growing positions. For example, we mentioned Link in a growing position there. Now that will take a little time to come into, but could contribute some, are going to be growing over Bluestone. So the projections we have for both 2018 and future years, are taking that sort of growth and those sorts of contracts into account. But the contracts on Nexus, just isn't enough time in 2018 for those to really be material.
Gerry Anderson: We have a number of cogen projects for example, and one of the discussions with an Industrial counterparty, is -- I guess we'd just say very late stage development. So I think that's like -- the likelihood of them going forward is high. I mean, we were a year ago went forward at this point, it's the way that project [indiscernible]. So we have got one of those, we have got an RNG that we think about finalized. And then more of each of those behind those new projects.
Gerry Anderson: Well look, thanks very much for joining us this morning. Hope you feel that the way we wrapped up 2017 was positive, and as I said at the outset, I feel great about our position at 2018. I think we are lined up for another really good year this year, and we look forward to describing all of that to you in future discussions. Thanks for joining us.
Peter Oleksiak: This is Peter, Josephine, I think you are also asking about the recovery mechanism. This definitely will lay the potential groundwork for that, and that we are in early discussions with the staff and the commission on that.
Peter Oleksiak: The AFUDC is earned over time, as you are doing your capital spend. So when you look at it year-over-year, there is not going to be material change between the two. And as we put it in service, it gets them to the negotiated rates we have and it's a healthy targeted cost of capital we have on the project right now. But if anything, it really lays the ground work for additional expansions and investments around that platform.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, Jonathan, this is Peter. A portion of our facilities we have there, we essentially have sold down from a partnership perspective. So we have current cash and earnings related to that, that's where the uplift is coming from. Now we mentioned, the $0.10 accretion here will go to $0.13 to essentially, that managed utility, and that REF will be replaced by utility accretion at the back end of the plan.
Peter Oleksiak: There is some tax benefit from REF, just because -- with those facilities that we have partners with.
Peter Oleksiak: One way to think about it, by 2022, that is gone, but that will be replaced and then some by utilities.
Peter Oleksiak: Maybe I will give you the broad context; there is going to be three different proceedings, one is going to be on the current, which is the $190 million you mentioned. So that'd be proceedings in terms of how do we give that back to customers. So maybe a little bit different for each of our utilities, because of where they are at in terms of the rate case cycles. There will also be a portion on that current, that will catch up from January 1, and then on the deferred, as you are talking about, there is going to be a separate proceeding for the second half of the year. There is -- a good majority of it is to protect the depreciation. Probably two-thirds of it, some of it isn't. But we have history and precedents around all of that being normalized. We expect all of that could play it out in the proceeding in the back half of this year.
Peter Oleksiak: It will be normalized. Despite the $70 million, we have $1.4 billion roughly Electric company, $300 million at the Gas, so combined $1.7 billion that we are going to need to give back to customers over time, that includes both protected and unprotected.
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct. It's a regulatory liability, from an accounting perspective. So we will be putting that on the balance sheet to get back to our customers through these various proceedings that I described earlier.
Jerry Norcia: Well our forecast is to originate the $45 million by 2022. So I would say we are well in progress, with having two thirds completed this year in. We will have to revisit our target at the end of this year to see if there is any potential upside to that.
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, with our current slate of assets tied to the Marcellus and the Utica, we kind of see a world class resource connected to very proximal markets on the East Coast as well as Midwest, and markets in Midwest, which is what our Nexus pipeline is pointed to, you are going to see a fundamental shift from coal use to natural Gas use over time, as these plants age out, as you can see from our sort of plants for generation. So I see very strong supply growth as well as strong demand growth in the regions that we are going to serve with Nexus. And I think that will bode well for additional bolt-on projects for Nexus, as well as our Link asset, which is already connected to the Nexus. So I see a really strong story in our future. I think also, the evolution of the export market in the natural Gas industry, I think will be an outlet for what continues to be a growing supply of natural Gas in North America. So overall, I feel our Midstream business, with its suite of influence if you will, in the Great Lakes region, is well positioned to capture that growth, both supply and demand.
Jerry Norcia: Well let me be clear, Rover's rates are not lower than ours. And I think you and I have had this conversation before that, our rates are very competitive with Rover. So we are happy with our position in the market that way. And in addition to that, we have got much greater significant -- or much more significant market access along the pipeline. We have got 13 interconnects that we are building immediately, and all of those interconnects, with large demand centers, are already starting to play into some of the discussions that we are having with counterparties. So we feel very good about filling this pipe.
Jerry Norcia: Well these are -- the one project that we are looking to finalize agreement with -- very close to finalize agreements with an R&D project currently, and we are looking at other Industrial energy projects in the region.
