Dave Ruud: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. Let me start on slide seven to review our first quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $448 million. This translates into $2.31 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I'll start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $201 million for the quarter, ahead of our internal plan but slightly lower than the first quarter last year. The drivers of the variance were higher rate-based cost and higher O&M, which included the additional investment in the acceleration of our Vegetation Management Program. This was partially offset by cooler weather and the acceleration of the deferred tax amortization in 2022 that was implemented to delay the filing of our rate case and keep rates flat during the pandemic. Moving onto DTE Gas, operating earnings were $196 million, $27 million higher than the first quarter of 2021. The earnings increase was driven primarily by the implementation of base rates and cooler weather in 2022, partially offset by rate-based costs. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row. Operating earnings were $14 million in the first quarter of 2022. This was a $14 million decrease from the first quarter last year due to the sunset of the REF business at the end of 2021, partially offset by higher RNG earnings this quarter. We remain on track to achieve full-year guidance to DTE Vantage. On the next row, you can see Energy Trading had another strong quarter, mainly due to strong performance and also some timing in our physical gas portfolio. The accounting timing favorability was largely due to strategic long positions that support physical positions later in the year. Due to these timing related gains, we're not changing our conservative full-year guidance as some of the favorability could reverse later in the year. Finally, Corporate & Other was favorable $22 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the timing of taxes. Overall, DTE earned $2.31 per share in the first quarter, so a strong start to the year puts us in a great position for the remainder of 2022. Let's turn to slide eight. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics. Due to our strong cash flows, DTE has minimal equity issuances in our plan beyond the equity units that will convert later this year. We have a strong investment-grade credit rating and target an FFO to debt ratio of 16%. We increased our 2022 dividend by 7%, continuing our track record of growing our dividend in line with the top end of our targeted EPS growth rate. In the first quarter of 2022, DTE completed a green bond issuance of $400 million. This is DTE's fourth green bond issuance in the past 5 years for a total of over $2.5 billion. DTE is Michigan's leading producer of, and investor in renewable energy, and these funds support our net zero emissions goals. Let me wrap up on slide nine, and then we will open the line for questions. In summary, we feel great about the start to the year. Through the remainder of the year, DTE will continue to focus on our team, customers, communities and investors. We are on track to achieve our 2022 operating EPS guidance midpoint of $5.90 per share, which provides 7% growth from our 2021 final guidance midpoint. Our robust capital plan supports our strong long-term operating EPS growth by delivering cleaner generation and increased reliability, and focusing on customer affordability. DTE continues to be well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect, with strong utility growth and a dividend growing in line with operating EPS. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open up the line for questions.
Dave Ruud: Yes. Constantine, this is Dave Ruud. Yes, we do still have that pretty conservative 16% FFO to debt number that's in there. And when you look across some of our peers and with the rating agencies, that does give us some good headroom to any of the downgrade levels. So we like the position we're in now. We like to have that strong position. But it's something that we'll continue to think about as we go forward.
Dave Ruud: I think that's right. And I think as we're seeing more LDCs put RNG coals into their system, we're actually seeing demand for RNGs over time -- it feels like it's going to be rising. So, I think demand for the product is going to go -- is going to be going up.
Dave Ruud: Yes, that's a good question. I think you nailed most of the answer in your question. First, we do feel really good about this segment and where we are relative to our year-end guidance and being able to come in at that. This quarter is lower than the expected annualized number, but it's primarily due to some known plant outages that we had. And so, it's going to be made up through the year as that happens. And then we do have some projects that come online, some RNG and some industrial energy service projects that come online later in the year. So, we feel really good about our guidance for this segment.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we had a great quarter in trading and it's -- primarily it all came in our gas physical business where we're serving LDCs and producers. And what we saw is a lot of it is just great performance but about half of it could be timing that can -- that will play out later in the year. So, that's why we're not raising guidance on this right now, it is because we want to see how that timing plays out. But it's -- a little over half of it was -- of our perform -- of it was performance and then there is some of that is timing that we have hedged positions that can change or they can come down as we flow the gas later in the year.
Dave Ruud: Yes, we're -- you probably saw our quarter-over-quarter results and residential versus last year was down about a percent and our commercial back up 2% and our industrial was overall pretty flat. So overall, our load was flat versus last year. What we are still seeing is some increased residential usage from what we would have thought where we'd be pre-COVID. We expect that to start coming down -- we are starting to see that come down as more people returning to work. So, we expect that the trend back down, but we are still seeing some upside there. But overall, load is pretty flat according -- or versus last year.
Dave Ruud: Well, we just -- we like to manage that business really conservatively and have some contingency built in there. So, we tend to do well in the second half of the year as we have some of these things flow. But we just want to remain conservative right now in this area. So, we're not moving our guidance at this point.
Dave Ruud: We see the green bonds supporting our renewable and our green initiatives and gives industrials an -- opportunity bond investors an opportunity to participate in that. So as we continue to grow our renewable portfolio, we expect to have more of that and be able to utilize more of that in the future to help support that.
Dave Ruud: These go into specific projects and assets, and so there -- they have to be -- they have to go towards those assets that they work. So, it's not to the overall portfolio, but they're aimed at particular renewable assets.
Dave Ruud: Yes, it's more of a quarter thing. It's because of the chip shortages that we are seeing across the -- across some of the items in some of the areas that we just had a -- have a dip there. I don't think it's -- not a long-term -- there is not been any additional shutdowns or closing. It's just the chip shortage for the manufacturing sector.
Dave Ruud: Yes, I think what we do focus on to mitigate the customer bill impact is really focusing on our own O&M and what we can flow through there. So, we continue to focus on our continuous improvement efforts, our productive -- productivity and efficiency improvement and playing that through. I think as far as individual things within the rate case, I think where we are in the active filing there. So I think I'll that's probably already in there. But for future affordability, that's really where our focus, is ensuring that we have the best cost structure that can allowed capital focused investment that -- the customer focused investment we need to do for the liability and clean generation.
Jerry Norcia: We do and we thought it was a really constructive outcome, which continues to be the case here in Michigan where we have constructive policies, energy policies and constructive commission to administer those energy policies. So, we are really encouraged by it. We are also really encouraged by the fact that it's a balanced outcome between renewables and dispatchable resources to ensure both reliability and affordability for the state. So as it relates to our IRP, we continue to interact with various stakeholders and taking in their feedback. And we are looking to retire Belle River, as we mentioned, if I recall in 2028 and convert it to gas. And certainly, we are looking really hard at how aggressive we can pull forward the retirement schedule for the four units at Monroe, which is our largest coal plant. So, much of that is in progress. So, we are consulting. We are highly encouraged by the outcome and certainly we'll support what we plan to file.
Jerry Norcia: Right now, we're concentrating on greenfield projects in the RNG space, and we've been able to find really nice projects that give us mid-teens type of unlevered returns after tax and cash payback in a 3-year to 5-year time frame. And as you just saw, we found a project like that in Michigan where we are actually converting it from power generation to RNG, and the IRRs are even stronger than the ones I mentioned for those types of projects. And we've got a good list of opportunities in that regard and we're very selective because we're only looking for $7 million, $8 million a year to come from that space and the other half of our growth is coming from on- site -- projects management of onsite energy infrastructure and we've got a good -- some good prospects in that space as well and those are typically underpinned by long-term fixed-fee type of arrangements with good IRRs. So, good pipeline of opportunities there. We are still continuing to see nice growth advantage. And in terms of rate base, we do have an RNG project that we're doing with the City of Grand Rapids, but it's really their wastewater treatment facility that is producing the RNG and we're investing to make it pipeline quality and inject it into our system. So, that's some opportunity but I would say that's modest at this point in time.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we certainly see a good runway to continue to grow organically and we've been really focused on organic development. When you are looking at existing operations, there are attracting a very high premium. So when you asked about would we consider selling that business, we're always looking for ways to optimize and maximize shareholder value. I think you can see that in our TSR, the 10-year, 5-year, 3-year and 1-year were at the top of the -- top of our peer set, and that's because we always look for ways to maximize value. So, if we do see an opportunity where it could be valued more than how it's currently valued in our portfolio, we would seriously consider. We're always on the lookout for those opportunities.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, I would say on the solar piece, obviously that's a big topic in the industry with the recent Department of Commerce matter that's evolved, that I'm sure many of you are familiar with. And for 2022, there is no impact. We have what we need. We did have a built in 2023, about 300 megawatts that we're looking to build to support our voluntary program. If that was delayed into 2024 because of the Department of Commerce actions, they really have no impact on our 2022, 2023 earnings and we can manage through that quite easily. If it persists longer term, certainly we have a deep portfolio of capital investment opportunities at our utilities that we can deploy, as we've mentioned before. But we're still really excited about our voluntary program where you've got about a 1,000 megawatts signed up already and another 1,200 megawatts, what I would say is late stages of negotiations. So, still a very active program and our customers love the product. So, we're hoping that this issue with the Department of Commerce resolves itself quickly.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I would say that one of the key things that we're looking to finalize is our Integrated Resource Plan, which we will file in October, and that will provide significant instruction, if you will, in terms of what our long-term capital plans will be. And so, that's why we are timing it with sort of a fall period in terms of updating our long-term 5-year plan. And that's pretty traditional how we do it. So I think two reasons, one is the IRP is really -- will shed light on our long-term capital plans as we look to transform our generation fleet. And secondly, it's usually the time that we do update our 5-year plan.
Jerry Norcia: I'll start by saying that Dave and I both mentioned in our opening remarks that all of our BEUs, our building contingency, our electric company, our gas company, primarily due to weather and certainly Vantage is tracking ahead of plan as well and of course, you've seen the results at trading which are also tracking significantly ahead of plan. So, we will likely provide an update after the second quarter as to where we are -- where we expect our EPS to trend toward. We have a good feel for the summer weather shaping up. So -- but I can tell you that we are building contingency above our midpoint at this point in time.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thanks for the question, Angie. The retirements that we've made have been essentially replaced almost completely by two acquisitions -- gas plant acquisitions that we made about 5 years or 6 years ago and also the construction of the new Blue Water Energy Center, which is 1,100-megawatt combined cycle plant. So, we've brought online into our portfolio over 2,000 megawatts of dispatchable generation to replace the 2,300 megawatts of coal retirements. In addition to that, we've built wind as well, which also provides energy, not necessarily a lot of capacity during the summer months, but certainly provides energy supply. The state is running tight on capacity and there is concerns about how we -- how the state moves forward in that regard. But we feel like from our perspective, we've got adequate supply to supply our demand. Now, we do have coal plants that have been retired and will retire like St. Clair power plant, for example, is 1,100-megawatt coal plant that, if necessary, we could bring back online if there was an emergency situation, but that's certainly something we'll rely on MISO to make a determination.
Jerry Norcia: Well, this is something we are watching very closely and we are planning accordingly to ensure no negative impacts to our plans. First, I'll say, we've demonstrated long history of being able to manage cost effectively, including inflation. And so far, we are not seeing the impacts of inflation here and I think it's really how we're structured now. About 85% of our spend is through services and we just haven't seen as much inflation there. And then, we also have a lot of long-term contracts that service well through these periods. So overall, not seeing any negative impacts to our plans for the year or longer-term plans. The O&M at Electric was a little higher, but that was mainly due to accelerating some of our tree trim spend that we wanted to get through quickly to help our reliability as we came through from summer, but not an inflation impact there.
Jerry Norcia: Sure, Jonathan, maybe I'll start and Dave can add to it. But let's start with the Electric Generation portfolio. One of the values we have in a diversified portfolio where we've got wind, nuclear, gas and coal in the portfolio, it allows us to weather some of the commodity pressures as well as the fact that with our coal purchases, we're purchased through 2023 from a price perspective. So, we feel really good about our coal purchases which is the bulk of our generation assets at this point in time. And of course nuclear as well, so we're purchased through 2028. So, we feel good about that as well. So I feel on the generation side, the fact that we have a diversified portfolio and that we're somewhat hedged for some time help soften the commodity price pressures that the industry is seeing. On the natural gas business we've got north of more than 75% of our gas purchase for the winter of 2022, 2023 and about 25% purchased from a price perspective for the 2023, 2024 winter, and that's just normally how we've bought gas at the LDC for over a decade and it helps smooth the ups and the downs in gas pricing for our customers. But if these prices persist for multiple years, then I think we will start to see pressure. And we're starting to look at ways how we can offset those pressures through cost reduction initiatives as well as revenue initiatives that -- we see opportunities development in our business. So I don't know if that helps, Jonathan.
Jerry Norcia: So I would say, we've got a really strong land position for solar and we're working really closely with municipalities to ensure that there is a productive outcome when we go for permitting. That's usually where, as you mentioned, there could be pressure points. And we certainly secure more acres than we will likely need because we know that there is always going to be problems with some of the acreage that we've optioned for the solar developments. But I can tell you that we've optioned tens of thousands of acres and we feel pretty confident that we can execute the plan that we have in front of us over the next handful of years and beyond. So, that feels good. In terms of rooftop solar, certainly customers are open to rooftop solar at any time, and I think we've got legislation that limits how much can be highly subsidized and there is always a continuing debate as to how much rooftop solar should be subsidized. Now what I will also say that we're offering solar products to our residential customers, and as I mentioned, we are over 50,000 -- I think we are around 55,000 customers signed up already and we are signing up customers every week because the cost of utility scale solar is about a third of the cost of rooftop solar and you don't have to drill thousands of holes in your roof. So, i.e., it seems to be a desirable product that we're offering. So not only is it -- customers can do it if they like and they can do as much of it as they like but without subsidy and we can also offer them an alternative. But it is a continuing debate.
Jerry Norcia: We obviously -- in order to inject more capital into the plan, we have to find ways to create room for it from an affordability perspective. Overall, we've got very large inventories of capital that we could deploy in the distribution side and certainly even on the generation side, as we start to build out our renewables portfolio first and then eventually build baseload plans to support the retirement of large coal infrastructure. The limiting factor for us is always affordability. So as we introduce more capital into the plan, we have to find ways to offset it with affordability initiatives. And some of those affordability initiatives are enabled by our renewables investment. So for example, this year we filed for the first time in my memory a reduction in O&M expense on an absolute basis in our rate case; because of the conversion from coal to gas and to renewables the operating expense is much lower. And so, there is an offset that our capital programs do create but our capital programs also do create pressure. So long way of saying is that we will manage affordability and we will drive distinctive growth for our investors.
Jerry Norcia: The -- yes, this year we're good. We're sitting at about 500 megawatts built for our voluntary program through this year, and our next year we're planning to build about 300 megawatts that we would build and then 200 megawatts we would expect in PPAs. So, right now our vendors or tell us they're going to furnish but with DoC, we're thinking in the worst case that it gets pushed a year into 2024 and certainly we can manage that in our plan for next year. And if it was pushed beyond 2024, which we highly doubt, but then we have started to think about what other contingencies we could pull in terms of capital deployments. We've got, as you know, a deep pool of potential investments we could bring forward and pull forward. So we are -- that's how we're thinking about it right now.
Jerry Norcia: I don't think we've put that out there yet. Dave or Barb, I mean 2,500 megawatts is what we got over 5 years. So, I could give you a feel as to how big the program is over a 5-year period.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we are going to certainly engage all the stakeholders in a potential settlement and because it's a pretty straightforward case, I mean really, we're not asking for more O&M expense, we're actually asking for less, and it's really all about infrastructure, that's very necessary for the state, primarily pointing that our electric grid and also the continued transformation of our generation fleet, so pretty straightforward case. Our strategy is that we'd like to settle. We'll know more in the middle of May, Anthony, when we see the staff filings and intervener filings and then we'll engage and try to close it out before the end of the summer, if we can.
Jerry Norcia: But whether we settle or litigate, we've had very, very constructive outcomes as you've seen in the State of Michigan.
Jerry Norcia: Certainly, we have a very pragmatic commission and administration and there is an understanding that, okay, we want to decarbonize the economy but we have to do it in a way that still makes sure the lights come on and that our industrial base continues to function properly and reliably and that it's affordable. So, we will file for new baseload generation assets in the IRP, I expect to do so just because we've got over 3,000 megawatts down at Monroe that will come offline over a period of time and we have to have dispatchable generation in that part of our system in order to make the system work, to make the grid work. And I think that's understood. I think there are people -- there will be people that won't like that, but there are people that will love the fact that we're going to build 5,000 megawatts to 7000 megawatts of renewables. So, it is a balanced portfolio and that will achieve all of the objectives, reliability and decarbonization and affordability.
Jerry Norcia: Travis, in addition to that we've stayed out of a rate case for 2.5 years by being really creative. And we did that intentionally because of the pressure our customers were under during COVID. And I think -- so we've got creative in the past and, as Dave said, we will be creative in the future, and I think our continuous improvement culture also continues to find unique and creative ways to keep driving our cost structure down. And so, we expect more of that, plus our capital investments are pointed in many instances at structurally removing cost to operate our system.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we can --yes, we continue to deploy our electrification program where we've -- that we're in our second tranche of $14 million. We had $14 million of investment approved in the past and now we're in the middle of the next $14 million. And I can tell you this that the number of EVs connecting to our system is going up. We're seeing that well north of 500 EV attachments -- actually, I go that wrong, about a 1,000 attachments a month. So, it's a good program and it's moving forward. And that's up from a couple of 100 just a couple of years ago. So, we're seeing significant growth. It's still pretty small, pretty modest. It's not going to move the needle just yet, but there is a ramp. And I was talking to some of the senior people at Ford Motor Company and General Motors, I mean their factories get huge backlogs for EV orders and they're trying to figure out how they're going to build all this -- build for all this demand. So, tremendous demand, so we expect the pattern of significant growth to continue over the next several years.
Jerry Norcia: Thank you, Brent, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll just close up by saying that DTE had a very successful first quarter and we're feeling really good about the remainder of 2022 as well as our position for future years. Everyone, have a great morning. And we look forward to seeing many of you at AGA in a few weeks. Have a good day.
