David Ruud: Thanks Shar. This is Dave, I'll take the first part of that. Yes, as you saw in our plan, we have really strong cash flow generation that allows us to allows us to maintain our FFO to debt at the right 15% to 16%, while issuing minimal equity. And it does give us some headroom to the downgrade thresholds, too. So, we haven't given a rule of thumb for how much new equity we would have to use for any new CapEx, but we still have some flexibility within our plan that would allow us to kind of work around any new equity that we'd have to do. But our plan, as you saw, has $2 billion of new capital in it, which we were able to bring in really due to the cash flow generation and then some of the favorability that we're seeing from the IRA tax credit as well.
David Ruud: We will see that can be a little lumpy depending on the projects that come in to. So, the project that Jerry was talking about on in the prepared remarks, that one will have a little more capital associated with it in 2024. So, can be a little bit lumpy as it comes in.
David Ruud: So, as you saw, we have about $2 billion of refinancings coming up at the end of the year this year. And the majority of that is hedged. It's $1.7 billion has been hedged of that at rates that are a little bit better than what we're seeing out there in the market now. So, we just -- we continue to like our overall debt portfolio, like -- and with the rates we're getting that that's all included within our five-year plan and consistent with our strong investment-grade credit rating and our 15% to 16% FFO to debt that allows us to issue minimal equity within our plan. I know it's a little more of an answer than you were asking, but we're in a good place with that.
David Ruud: And then as we look out past that, we're going to be having to file a new IRP that will take into account this legislation even more. And so that will give us an opportunity to bring some more capital in maybe near the end of the five-year plan, but really probably a little bit past that, just more opportunity to do this clean energy generation.
David Ruud: Yes, the $300 million reduction in 2023, that was really the recovery of the over-collection that was in 2022. So, in 2023, we were kind of on our plan and just recovering what we needed to recover into -- recovering from 2022 and 2023 and then comes off our books for 2024. So, far for this year, there's a little bit under recovery left, but we're forecasting things to be pretty flat with our plan for this year.
David Ruud: Good question, Andrew. It's the capital investment really follows the development projects that we do within that business. And last year, we did three RNG projects and one custom energy solutions projects, but a smaller one and that allows us to continue with the growth we need in that business and meet our targets. This year, you're right, the Ford project that we're doing that we talked about in the prepared remarks, makes us confident that we're going to invest this. We talked about this a year or so ago. We had about $200 million of investment planned for this year from that. We've expanded that deal with them, and that's going to make up a good portion of the capital investment or non-utility this year. Still work in other projects as well. But it's really that custom Energy Solutions project with Ford that's going to take up a big chunk of that capital investment in 2024.
David Ruud: Yes, Michael, you're right. We did have some really nice favorability in 2023. And again, this is due to the premiums we get on the structured physical power portfolio. So, it's all contract and hedged, just had really nice premiums in 2023. As we said, we expect some of that to continue on into 2024, probably not to the same extent as 2023. But some of those contracts, they're one and two years. So, we see some of them coming into 2024 as well. Going forward, we'll have to see what happens. We're not guiding to anything higher than that. We hit the same level of contracts as a business we've been in for a long time. We get the same level of contracts. We've just seen really good premiums in 2023, and we're seeing those come back down. So it's probably not something we're going to guide to going forward, but it is good favorability and the exact same risk profile that we've always had, too.
David Ruud: Yes, these are markets where we bid into utilities within PJM and New England mainly and to serve their load. And as we bid in, we get contracts and those contracts will have premiums associated with them. We just saw really nice premiums in 2023 some of which carry on into 2024. So, we'll be able to -- as we go through 2024, we'll be able to let you know more about what we see for future years on those premiums. And then the rest of that business is really gas physical business, which again is contracted and hedged. So, it's really just kind of success of our trading group and setting up the structured physical and hedge positions that is making it have these successful years.
David Ruud: That's right. It is most of these contracts are one year, some go a little longer, but most of them are for like -- for one year and then kind of see where they come in again the next year. That's why we continue to guide usually the $25 million. We went to $35 million because we see that, but we're not pushing to something higher than that in the future years.
David Ruud: There's thoughts. We have something in there for now. But as we sign PPAs, there should be some upside in the plan to that what we have in there now.
David Ruud: We are monitoring that, and we are commenting, but we're not overly concerned. We don't think that it's really consistent with what the congressional intent was there either. So, we're just continuing -- we're continuing to watch and monitoring comment, but not overly concerned.
David Ruud: Yes. We saw -- we did see some good upside from the RNG because we brought in three new projects in 2022 and in 2023 and associated with some of that, there's some tax credits that come with that, that helped out in 2023. The steel business was the other part that gave us the favorability that we saw in 2023. And probably a little over half of what we saw there. And that was due to some opportunistic sales of some of our byproducts, some of the other products we're making within that business and some other kind of one-time things that we've done there. So it's yes, some good one-time opportunity that we saw in the steel business and the RNG development.
David Ruud: We have noticed it's gotten a little more competitive as more people have come in. We used to say we got high double-digit unlevered after-tax returns. We're still seeing good returns, particularly what we see it is in our conversion projects, we have projects that now make power that we can convert to make in RNG. And so in those projects, we continue to see very strong returns. And then there's still a good development pipeline that has strong returns as well.
David Ruud: Yes, we did end 2023 right around 15%, Anthony. And as we look through the five-year plan, we stay within that range throughout the five-year plan that we talked about, even with the minimal equity that we're issuing.
David Ruud: No, that's exactly right. It's better for our customers. We've gotten really good at developing these projects. And we're the leading renewable developer in the state and continue to do it and what we see as the lowest price, which is kind of borne out through the auctions that we're in. So we think it's better for our customers. And then on an EPS basis, investing the capital is better for our shareholders as well. So, I don't know that we'll be converting any. We'll do what we need to do. But and the FCM it's great. It's a great addition for the PPAs that we do, but it's still much better for our customers and much better value if we continue to develop these.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, Shar, I'll take the non-utility assets. Certainly, we're happy with all our assets there, but we're always looking for opportunities to -- there was an opportunity to create incremental value for our investors. We would take that opportunity in terms of optimizing the portfolio. But I would say at this moment, certainly, we don't have any incremental cash needs in our plan. And so there really isn't anything imminent at this time.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So, if you're referring to a potential electric rate case, we're looking to make a filing late in the first quarter, early second quarter. I would say that most of that filing will be about the capital investments we're making to upgrade the grid and transition to cleaner energy. So, again, it will be a CapEx-driven filing is what we expect at this point.
Gerardo Norcia: If we did pursue some form of optimization, obviously, the cash proceeds would go to offsetting debt issuances and even potentially the repurchase of some equity. But as I said, there's really nothing imminent at this point in time.
Gerardo Norcia: So, we certainly like to own assets because we think it's much more accretive both for our customers in terms of providing lower cost. I think we've been able to show over and over is that ownership provides lower cost to our customers. And also, it provides a greater benefit to our investors in terms of EPS growth. So, we prefer to own. I think you'll see in the IRP. In the IRP settlement, we did agree to share some ownership, and it breaks out somewhere between two-thirds and one-third ownership between -- us owning two-thirds and others only one-third in IRP piece. I think the legislation also did not talk about ownership, which we was neutral on that point. So, we are pleased with that. And in addition to that, it also provided for compensation mechanism for PPAs that will give us some upside as we sign PPAs.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, Jeremy, if you'll recall, we updated -- we didn't provide an update at EEIX, we're awaiting the outcome of a rate case to make sure that our capital plans were supported in which that happened. And so when we updated in December, it really reflected the IRP settlement and the new legislation were both in flight. And so I would say the combination of those two events, significant events created incremental opportunity in our clean generation space. It accelerated our journey in terms of building out renewables as well as a battery system. So that's really what drove the increase.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. Right now, we're showing a $1 billion to $1.5 billion investment over the next five years, which is pretty consistent with our prior five-year forecast. So, we really haven't made any significant change there just yet.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, I would say that in terms of carbon capture and storage, we're well advanced on 3 projects, and we're finalizing our arrangements with counterparties and some conditions precedent there to make sure that we got a viable transaction. But I would say it's feeling better than 50-50 that we're going to start executing on some capital there in that new business line. So, pretty exciting. They're small projects. Each of them are -- each of the three are anywhere between $50 million to $100 million, pretty simple projects that doesn't require a lot of pipeline, pretty short pipelines. Most of the pipelines are right on the property of the customer. So, as the wealth. So, we're deep into it and we'll continue to give you updates on that. But it's a nice synergy with our utility -- electric utility because we're -- as we think about future power plants and using natural gas, we're going to need to capture the carbon and store it. So, I think dipping our toes into this new business line creates value for investors, but also creates value for future utility investments that we'll need to make.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we've -- just let me take the storm expense. We've certainly have increased our storm expense in our planning process as we've seen storms increase over time and the cost that, that brings. So, we feel pretty comfortable about the plan that we're carrying right now. And as you know, we also carry one standard deviation of whether, for example, in the winter, warmer than normal weather and/or in the summer, one standard deviation of cooler-than-normal weather. So, that's how we're planning. And at this point in time, we feel pretty good about our plan. We're moving along and right on track. I think the storm that came in January consumed some of the storm expense budget. But of course, as you would expect, we're working to replenish some of that so that we can carry a full summer storm budget. So, that's really where we're at with that.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, certainly, our voluntary renewable plan is progressing really well, David. I'll just tell you that we've got 2,500 megawatts described in our voluntary program and 2,600 in our five-year plan. So we're -- it's likely that over time, it will increase. We'll -- obviously, our next filing will address the next couple of years of in-service requirements for our large industrial customers that we signed up and commercial customers. So, it could potentially be upside to our plan in the future as we continue to update our plan. So, hopefully, that helps.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say that our current plan does anticipate incremental build-outs for the IRP legislation. So, I told you our five-year plan for voluntary is 2,600 megawatts. We have an additional 1,800 megawatts that comes in as part of the IRP and a five-year plan. So, that's all built in to the $7 billion clean generation number that you see on our slides. In terms of PPAs, we're going to have to continue to assess what value -- the incremental value that will bring as we go along here. But it could bring incremental value.
Gerardo Norcia: Michael, it's moving in the right direction in terms of sort of narrowing the variables that we'd be looking at for PBR. So, we felt that, that was quite constructive in the latest release from the commission on that process. We still feel it will be a symmetrical sort of benefit and incentive to perform. So, we feel good about that. That's still holding together. And we expect that there's really no time line stipulated for the conclusion of the process. So, we're thinking sometime between the middle of the year to early next year is when this process will conclude. But we're feeling that it will -- it will be a productive process and a well-balanced process.
Gerardo Norcia: I would say, in the first five years, that's correct, Sophie. We've -- the IRP and the legislation is reflected in the five-year plan. And we'll continue to update that as we go forward. Now, beyond the five-year plan, there is some further acceleration that we could see, but we'll continue to update that each and every year and hopefully, in November between November and the end of the year.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, I would say that it's not imminent, some sort of optimization of our are rent portfolio. We like the returns. We like the cash flows from it. And actually, the IRA Inflation Reduction Act has been quite beneficial to that business from an ITC, investment tax credit perspective. It's made projects more attractive and higher return. And we're also seeing positive movement in some of the markets, like the Federal market moved in a very positive direction and our renewable fuel standard that is. And in California, the California Air Resources Board is looking to tighten up the carbon intensity targets. So, I think as that plays out, that will provide even more upside in those markets as we see them today.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we're still seeing unlevered returns and I would say, north of 10% unlevered after tax, so in the teens, low teens.
Gerardo Norcia: Anthony, we put five miles underground in last year in 2023, and it went really well. And what we're doing is proposing that we continue to do more. This is going to take a few years to ramp, Anthony, as we kind of work with our commission. We actually had the commission staff looking at some of the undergrounding that we did in the last few days. And so they -- I think there's a process here to make sure that we're working together with our commission, come up with a reasonable plan. I would say the key part of it is we need to ensure that on an NPV basis, undergrounding is going to be least equivalent or better than putting it up in the air. We've got 19,000 miles of infrastructure to replace that's very old. It's a 4.8 kV system. So, a huge opportunity from a customer perspective to improve infrastructure for the future. And we'd like to put as much of that underground as we can, but we're going to have to prove out the concept. So, we're in the early stages of proving it out and to ourselves and then secondly, to our commission. So, that's where we're at with it. I think it's going to take a few years before we can ramp it, but we feel pretty good about how smoothly the first five miles went. It's all directional bore through very highly congested urban areas. So, a very cool project. More to come on that.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we are. We've got three transactions that are well advanced with large carbon dioxide producers, and we're looking to capture that CO2 source and stored underground essentially under property. These are very short pipelines, a couple of thousand feet each less than a mile. So, we're looking to finalize those arrangements and also satisfy some of the technical conditions precedent that we want to accomplish before we get too far into that business.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just go by saying we're feeling great about 2024 and also our long-term plan as well as our position for future years. Have a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe just with respect to the last question -- hey morning. Just with respect to the last question there on the -- what's reflected in the plan. Just -- I just want to clarify on the PPA ownership piece or the PPA earnings piece, the compensation mechanism there, that is reflected for the one-third piece in the IRP settlement and therefore, in your outlook, right? So, again, as you talk about this, the different pieces, the substantive upside from the legislation really moves beyond the five-year period at this point, just on the compensation specifically.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, right. So, the FCM is included at least preliminary to the extent to which that might need to be updated later.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. excellent. So, it doesn't sound like you're too worried about the way the IRA came out the way in terms of being the [indiscernible]
