David Meador: Thanks Nick. Let me wrap up on slide 19. The third quarter was another solid quarter at the Utilities and the Power and Industrial group, and when you combine that with the challenges we’re seeing at energy trading, we’re confident in tightening our 2010 guidance. Nick just took you through the cash flows which are very strong, and we’re able to maintain a solid balance sheet and increase our cash flow guidance for the year. In summary, we remain committed to our financial goals and believe our plans will deliver the results necessary to provide an attractive total shareholder return through a combination of 5% to 6% long-term earnings growth and an attractive dividend. Next week we’ll be able to provide an early outlook for 2011 by business segment. And with that we’d be happy to take your questions now.
David Meador: We’ll talk about that at EEI. I think over time, that’s our objective. As you know, this has never been part of our growth objectives and we like that as – at the size it was was $40 million to $50 million, and the open question really would be a combination of the team working hard and the environment that they’re working in, and how soon does the environment change that will provide more opportunities for them to generate gross margins. So, part of the answer to that question is it’s slightly out of our control. The question is what does the market provide them, but that doesn’t mean that the team isn’t working hard in the meantime. We trade and there’s three areas basically that we’ve described asset optimization market, marketing and origination and then proprietary trading, and they are seeing opportunities in that second group, the marketing and origination business. So, like I said, they’re working out hard and our long-term goal is still in the $40 million to $50 million range.
David Meador: We believe so, but it’s difficult to call some of these items. There’re two extender bills, the way to think about it is the large Bush tax reduction extender bill, and then there’s a smaller extender bill that is Senate Bill 3793 and it was introduced by Senator Baucus. That bill’s a smaller bill, it also includes the R&D tax credit. We believe there’s broad support and we’re pretty optimistic that this gets passed in lame duck legislation, but it’s something that we’ll all have to watch.
David Meador: Well, thank you for joining us this morning, and I appreciate you joining us for the call, and we look forward to meeting many of you next week at EEI. As I mention, we’ll provide additional insights on 2011 including more details on the upcoming Detroit Edison filing that we’ll make later today, and then some longer term outlooks on both our utility, non-utility businesses. And as a reminder, Gerry Anderson and I will be presenting Tuesday morning at 8:15 Pacific Daylight Time. So thanks again for joining us and have a good day.
