Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Jerry, and good morning to everyone. Before, I get into the financials I always like to give an update on my Detroit Tigers. First update, I’d like to give is that this year is winning Super Bowl quarterback was drafted by the Tigers, that gives me hope that the Tigers know how to pick a winner, and as has been over the past few years, this is the best time of year for my Tigers with the third upstream training, just a few weeks away. Although my Tigers finished in last place this past season, I still have hope for the future. This year will be a turning point in the rebuilding process with top prospects playing their way to the Major League 12. Unlike my Tigers, DTE has been very consistent and delivering strong financials and 2019 was no exception. I will start the 2019 review on Slide 12. Total earnings for the year were $1.166 billion, now this translates into $6.30 per share for the year and you can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings and the appendix. Let me start my review at the top of the page, with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $716 million for the year. This was $47 million higher than 2018, largely due to the impact of new rates implemented in May and 2018 items not repeated in 2019. This is partially offset by rate base growth cost and cooler weather in 2019. As you remember, we experienced a significant weather favorability in 2018 and much of this favorability was reinvested system reliability. DTE Gas’s operating earnings were $22 million higher in 2019. the earnings increase was driven primarily by the implementation of new rates in the fourth quarter of 2018 and colder weather in 2019. This was partially offset by a rate-based growth. Let’s move down the page to our Gas Storage & Pipeline business on the third row. Operating earnings for our GSP segment were $213 million for the year, which is right on top of the midpoint of guidance for 2019. In 2018, GSP experienced higher earnings related to AFUDC at NEXUS and higher than planned volumes across the portfolio. 2019 has normalized earnings at NEXUS and volumes were on plan. As a result, 2019 is down $20 million versus 2018, which was contemplated in our 2019 guidance for this segment. On the next row, you can see our Power & Industrial business segment operating earnings were $133 million. Earnings were $30 million lower than 2018, which by the GSP business was contemplated in our 2019 guidance. This decrease is due mainly to the REF tax equity transactions that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Peter Oleksiak: So, I’ll say this that for 2020, our forecast for Indigo is right on top of our fixed fee charges and demand charges. So, we are highly confident delivering 2020. Also, as we mentioned prior, our growth on this asset is also contracted at about a 90% level for the first three years. So, we’re really confident in the growth that we’re forecasting with this asset.
Peter Oleksiak: Probably, just expand on what Jerry Norcia was saying, and you mentioned weather – we are seeing warmer weather here first quarter, but that we go into each year with three plants, one thing I’ve learned in my career here was that weather normally usually, doesn’t happen. So, we came in, we have a plan around lean, the weather comes in a little bit lighter. So, we already are deploying those plans as well as we came in the year with – really good contingency levels as Jerry Norcia mentioned.
Peter Oleksiak: For the non-utility, our capital guidance hasn’t changed from EEI. We have the whole portfolio of $19 billion, $15 billion of that’s going into the utilities, so $4 billion is going to the non-utilities, and there was questions on the Midstream segment. The $2 billion or $3 billion, just a reminder, a $1 billion of that is tied to the Indigo and the Haynesville acquisition milestone payment as well as kind of building out that system there. So, we’re still feeling really good when they think of prospects, they tend to add on to the existing platforms and Midstream, and as Jerry Norcia mentioned, we’ve been nailing our 15 year, $1 million per year origination goal in P&I and we’re feeling good around – continuing to deploy capital in that space as well. On the integrated resource plan, we are really in the final stages right now. It’s really right with the ALJ decision. It’s going to be right for an order and there is a commission meeting on February 20, that’s when we’re expecting and we’re expecting a constructive outcome that’s from that. It’s been a great process, a part of the 2016 legislation was to do this, so all the stakeholders got their voice in that process and as Jerry Norcia mentioned, we don’t really have capital tied to this program, it really goes through our renewable energy plan, as well as the certificate of need that we had at our gas plant, but we’re looking forward to having a constructive order from our IRP.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Our trading business had a really solid year. We had performance economic – we really measure that on economic income. So, economic income contribution was $40 million, that translated into $30 million of operating. We do typically target $30 million to $40 million economic contribution every year. So, we’re feeling they’re really good. With that, and we do plan a bit conservatively in terms of operating guidance that the economic contribution will flow sometimes in the current year – sometimes in future years, so we always come in the year in terms of our guidance to be a little more conservative. So, we do have a midpoint of guidance of $20 million for 2020.
Peter Oleksiak: We make our money there across a portfolio of businesses. We have FRS contracts that we do also – the trading company supports our GSP business in terms of marketing those as well. We also have a credit renewable business line within that as well. So, we have between power and gas, renewables and supporting our midstream business. So, we have a lot of products that kind of creates some stability of earnings year-in and year-out there.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We are going to be issuing our disclosure has not changed since the EEI, so, we’re planning on issuing $100 million to $300 million of equity here in 2020, that will be internal sources, a lot of that is through our pension contributions. We are planning on over the next, probably three years to four years to be fully funded there. Next year $100 million to $400 million and that will probably be a good portion of that through our pension contribution as well. We do target an 18% FFO that really positions us well in terms of our current credit ratings with S&P and Moody’s and Fitch.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s a target, but we do hit, even in 2019 we’ve achieved 18% FFO. So, that’s our target and we have been able to achieve that year-in and year-out.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. Close to $1 billion of that is GSP, and it is tied to the milestone payment. We have a $400 million milestone payment, a $600 million of capital to build out the LEAP system as well as the gathering system down there. So, good bulk of this is the midstream and the remaining amount will be our Power and Industrial and it really is tied to the origination of $50 million per year goal that we have there.
Peter Oleksiak: Right. There may be some incremental or one above that maintenance type of capital, another potential origination, but the bulk of that is going to be that new acquisition, the $1 billion.
Peter Oleksiak: And near term David, I think maybe what you’re seeing in electric segment is a little bit higher growth – because we have a renewable investment – significant renewal investment year-over-year by 2020. It’s close to like $550 million more, however there are some new projects that we have coming in and have been pre-approved part of our renewable energy plan. So, we are seeing, kind of, near-term higher growth rate, but we are kind of in the long-term the 7% to 8% at electric company and the 9% for gas utility.
Jerry Norcia: All of the projects that we planned for this year, we’re confident, they’re going to continue Shahriar, and longer-term, as we look at our assets, multiple platforms here in the Northeast as well as the Midwest and Louisiana, we feel that we’ve got a great resource behind those pipelines and extremely well connected to markets, and one thing that we do know is that supply and demand are currently rebalancing. We saw this happen in 2015 and 2016, and that’s happening now. So, longer-term with demand growth in the natural gas sector, which continues at a pretty robust clip, we see that our resources are really – or our pipelines are well positioned with these resources in markets to deliver on our growth. So, we’re not seeing anything right now that long-term would give us pause in terms of growth of our assets in this space.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So, I would say that the staff position and the IRP has been quite supportive, but also say that most of our assets are in flight to deliver on our five-year plan. So, I would say that the bulk of our renewable asset build has been approved already by the commission, and of course, our combined cycle plant has been approved by the commission, and is well under construction and is 40% complete. In addition to that, the heavy investment that we’re making on our wireless business is getting a very good support from the staff and from the commission in the last rate case, and also signals that they’re sending with their testimony in this rate case.
Jerry Norcia: Michael, I would say several things; one is the producers are hedged beyond 2020 in a significant way that we’re dealing with. In addition to that, our contracts are solid with them in terms of 85% of our contracts, moving forward for – in the five-year time horizon are 85% fixed fee and demand charge. So, we also look at their credit and we’re monitoring their credit on a regular basis with basis, which we’ve always done, and looking at their liquidity, and we feel at this point, based on their current hedges that they’ve got the ability to furnish on those contracts.
Jerry Norcia: We’re in the process originating an incremental $15 million this year and we have some really good prospects. The $15 million you referred to was what we brought in the house last year. So, we’ve got three years in a row now, where we’ve locked in $15 million of net income growth. So, we’ve got a total about $45 million new net income that’s been already originated, and we’re looking to originate an incremental $15 million this year with good prospects in and around the both, if you will.
Jerry Norcia: That’s been a really robust program and we – there is really high confidence through 2020 and 2030 in that contract and it’s providing a really solid basis for the unlevered IRRs in the RNG space for us. So, we’re feeling real good about California.
Jerry Norcia: So, Julien as I mentioned, we look at our financial condition, both opportunities and risks every week, and we’ve been doing that for about seven years or eight years. So, I would say that in early last year, we were already working on building contingency for 2020. and so we entered 2020 with a significant amount of contingency that positions us to deliver on our results and that’s how we deliver on our results each and every year. If we see any of that contingency being threatened, we immediately start to work on tactics to hold that contingency and deliberate for our shareholders at the end of the year. So, when I say nail it, that’s the reason I feel confident that we’re going to nail it is because of all the work we do weekly, at a very senior level, and we walk through every line item of opportunity and risk, and the goal of those discussions is to seize the opportunity and kill the risks, and we’ve done that quite well in the past and confident that we’re going to do that in the future.
Jerry Norcia: Well, let’s say, I’ll start with this Greg. So, first of all, our fixed fees and demand charges across our whole portfolio, for 2020 and beyond, are at approximately 85% of our revenues in our plan. So that will give you an indication of the quality of the contracts that we have for the medium-term and long-term on our assets. So that gives us good comfort. We also, in many of our contracts, have credit provisions that help secure those payments as well. And as I mentioned, we look at the quality of credit, liquidity on a very regular basis. So, we feel real good long-term, where we stand with the quality of resources that our pipelines are connected to. And of course, we are going through a readjustment between supply and demand, but the last time that happened in 2015 and 2016, it’s about a nine-month process before it corrected itself and I think we’re in the middle of that now. We plan for that for this year conservatively. I think we described that in our past discussions. So, I feel real good about 2020 and long-term, I feel that our pipes are well positioned, I guess the resources and the markets that they serve, and with the quality of contracts that we have being 80% fixed fee and demand charges.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. That’s great question, Greg. Now, the value of our portfolio is that we’ve got really strong utilities that are – have very strong growth prospects, and I think we mentioned at EEI, we’ve got capital sitting on the sidelines that we’re working on every day to get into the plan from an affordability perspective, so opportunity there for sure. Our P&I business is also ripe with many opportunities and still feel confident that we’ve got really strong opportunities inside GSP business where we’re working smaller, highly accretive transactions inside GSP in each and every day. So, when you take our portfolio in total and in addition to our conservative contingency planning, each and every year, we feel real confident that we’re going to deliver our 5% to 7% going forward.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. We rely on a trading business really for steady cash flow. We generate between $30 million and $50 million a year of cash from that business, and the fact that it supports our pipeline business as well as our RNG business, we view it as strategic in that way, but we don’t count on it for growth going forward.
Jerry Norcia: The reference I made, the nine-month process is what we saw happen in 2015 and 2016. Every cycle will be different of course and it’s hard to predict what it will look like. But, the correction has started to happen where we’ve seen producers start slow activity, and we think that’s the beginning of a correction to better balanced supply and demand. Now, demand continues to grow, as I mentioned, and as it relates specifically to our portfolio, 85% of our growth is contracted going forward, and with good contracts, good resources – strong resources that we’ll dispatch at the front end of that dispatch stack, to bring incremental supply of the market going forward. And we’re also connected to really good markets. So, I – that’s what gives us confidence in the GSP growth for the long-term.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we saw that when we looked at their drilling plants for the long-term, I think what we saw was that they had very economic resources at the $2 price range for over a decade, and with 15% unlevered returns. And we model that as well as three independent reserve consultants that looked at that with us because we got on the insight of what Indigo is able to do. So, very high quality resource that’s dispatchable obviously in a significant way at $2 and above with strong contracts. And they also have now a very strong balance sheet; they met all their commitments to deleverage their balance sheet and there is a significant milestone payment tied to further deleverage. They’ll be one of the best balance sheets in the industry, if you will, going forward. So, we feel good about the contracts, feel good about the resource, and feel great about the markets that they are connecting to. And one of the advantage they have from a market perspective is their proximity to one of fastest growing markets, which is the industrial and chemical complex in the Southeast and the Gulf region, as well as the LNG export markets. So, that the proximity and cost to get to those markets matters and they’re in really good position with us to do that.
Jerry Norcia: The conversations continue in earnest because natural gas is readily available and really economically priced. There is incentive in the Midwest to convert natural gas from coal. So, we’re still seeing continued conversion opportunities in and around all our assets, so that’s positive. We’re also seeing – we’re working on an expansion – several expansions on our Link assets. We’re looking at connecting the Generation Pipeline through NEXUS that’s progressing. We’re also looking at unique optimization opportunities with our Vector asset and our Bluestone asset. So, lots of activities, all small, but nicely accretive exactly where we’d like it.
Jerry Norcia: Over the next five years, we’re highly confident in the growth rates that we projected for both our gas utility and electric utility. The gas utility is in and around 9% income growth and we’ve got 7% to 8% at our electric company. So, there’s lots of good capital that will drive improved reliability and efficiencies and safety for our customers. I’ll point it at that.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. We’ve provided a forecast over to five years in terms of growth for the RNG space and the cogen space. So, we’re seeing a lot of activity on both fronts. So, we are looking to originate $15 million in new net income each and every year going forward. Feel that the last three years, we delivered on that and we’ve got a nice portfolio of opportunities that gives us confidence to deliver on that for this year and looking obviously every time we deliver $15 million of new net income that travels across the next five years, and each year we start – we continue moving that forward. Good prospects both in R&D and cogen with the low gas price environment and electricity rates continuing to march up slightly across the Midwest and other parts of the U.S., so the cogen business is very active as well.
Jerry Norcia: I’ll wrap up by thanking everyone for joining the call. As we already mentioned multiple times, we had a great year in 2019. I feel really good about the position we’re in and continue our solid track record of delivering premium results for our shareholders. We’ve got one of the highest historical growth rates in the industry at 7.5% and we’ll deliver a growth rate of 7.5% this year 2019 over 2020, and have great confidence that this will continue into the future, and deliver at the 5% to 7% EPS growth into the future as well. So, thank you very much. Look forward to providing you updates as we move through the year, and look forward to talking to you or seeing you soon.
