Dave Ruud: Sure. Like we said, we did see headwinds in our electric business from -- in the first quarter from both weather and storm and the storm is in there at -- it was $20 million. We also -- this storm was kind of a heavy one where it hit a lot of our wire, so it was a little heavier O&M. So after tax is around $70 million. But again, we see great opportunity in our other businesses through the year to kind of overcome those headwinds. And again, all the cost reduction work that we've been doing and kind of focused reductions has really been coming through too. So we've had these headwinds in the beginning of the year. We see great opportunities still to work through this. And with normal weather and storms through the end of the year be able to reach our guidance.
Dave Ruud: Yes. The first quarter the weather and storm we just talked about were pretty impactful. We came into the year with some challenges. So through the end of the year we need normal weather and storm along with some management actions to offset some of that. But we'll need normal weather and storm developed to hit our guidance.
Dave Ruud: Yes. Our sales that we're forecasting that have just come in they're in line with what we had in our budget, and they're really close to what we had in the current rate case as well. We did see people returning to work a little quicker in the first quarter than we had expected but that will -- we think that will balance off through the end of the year. So it's very consistent with what we saw what is filed in this rate case and a little below what we had in our previous rate case even.
Dave Ruud: Well, at our electric business, we've worked through the contingency for that we have for weather and storm combined. So -- but within our other businesses we are still seeing favorability that can continue to make up for that as we go through the year.
Dave Ruud: Yes. So yes, that's what we've signaled is that there's favorability within those businesses that they can offset other things.
Dave Ruud: I think that's right. We are looking -- if we have normal storm and normal weather we're in a good place to hit our guidance. But again, we'd have to find some more offsets, if things are outside of the normal. 
Dave Ruud: Yeah. On our PSCR, we are collecting some this year. We were down we were about $400 million cash last year that we're going to be collecting this year and over next year. And then our GCR has come way down. Our gas balances has come way down in price. So that was at around $5 last year and it's now come down into like $3 without a balance there.
Dave Ruud: Yeah, that's a good question. We came into the year with that challenge and went through our normal process of how we would go about that and setting some good targets and budgets for our teams and we're well on our way to achieving that. In fact, we're overachieving a little bit as we've started the year. And again these are -- we've taking advantage of attrition reduced some of our contractor workforce limit over time and then shifted some of our less time-critical work. So it's really going very well for us. We're hitting our numbers. Again, we're not doing anything that impacts our customers, impacts reliability. In fact, we're continuing to invest a lot in everything we need to do to improve and help reliability. But across our business, we're seeing these reductions like really take hold. 
Dave Ruud: Particularly on sales forecasting. And what we had in the last rate case, we are actually seeing the sales come in kind of similarly to what we had forecasted in fact a little below that. The methodology change you're talking about is we're using some Google mobility data that would help us determine the percentage of people coming back to work. That's not available anymore. So we use what's this badge-like data which is from Kastle. And it's really just as accurate or more accurate. But I would say about our forecasting we're doing a good job. We're right on with what we submitted in the rate case, but there's also a lot less variability in how the forecasting will be done now because we are kind of working through this return to work. And so we don't really expect there to be the big variations in forecast across groups as we go through this next rate case.
Jerry Norcia: The other thing we're seeing Jeremy, as well, as we initiated our continuous improvement efforts and cost reduction efforts we are seeing some favorability there as well, which will also be helpful. And just to be clear for everybody on the line, as we embarked on these cost reduction efforts, which most of them are one-time efforts to move through this year, we are investing at record levels in our distribution grid. This year we'll invest about $1.5 billion in our grid. And also we have not touched our tree trimming budgets, which both of those two combined are the most impactful things that we will do to make our grid more resilient and more reliable.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. Primarily our investment opportunities in RNG are driven by assets that are already under our control where we're converting existing landfills to produce RNG. And so that's where we're seeing opportunities. And those are still really nice returns, IRRs that are in sort of the north of 10% and into the teens in some instances unlevered after-tax. So those feel real good to us. We're also seeing a resurgence in our Energy Solutions area where we're – a lot of the sort of repatriation of industrial activity in the United States has given us opportunity to look at incremental investments with some of our large industrial partners. So we're also excited about that line of business.
Jerry Norcia: Traditionally in our area even in the Midwest, that's not been a practice that's been widely adopted or endorsed. So we don't see that as a high probability outcome. We have not asked for it because it's not something that there seems to be appetite for at this point in time. 
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, the one-time reductions will be reversed. And just to be clear again these one-time reductions are not areas that would have significant impact on reliability and certainly not safety. And we will look through our continuous improvement initiatives to see how much of that can stick. Obviously, that's something that we're always looking for to make our operations more efficient through our continuous improvement initiatives. And as you know any time you embark on one of these initiatives you do find opportunity. So we'll look to try and make some of those continuous improvement initiatives stick but many of them will be – if at all will be reversed.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we have two processes and that's a great question. One is we do have to update our distribution grid plan for the commission this year, and we're in the process of doing that. And as you said, we really have several realities facing our grid investments. One is what used to be historic storms that happened every 50 years or every 100 years have now become more frequent seem to be happening every three to five years, so that's one reality. The second reality is that we've got significant demand growth opportunity that we're facing with the electrification of the transportation fleet. And we're also seeing, what I would call high levels of economic development in our state, especially as the auto industry starts to retool and rebuild to build electric vehicles. So when we think about all of that and we think about our five-year plan and 10- and 15-year plans going forward, several things really come out. One is our five-year plan right now is projecting approximately $9 billion of investment going into the grid. And there's really three fundamental areas. One is continued grid hardening. Also the full rebuild of our lower voltage system our 4.8 kV system. We have approximately 16,000 miles of 4.8 kV system in our grid and that will need to be rebuilt. It is the oldest part of our grid and the need for rebuild is driven by several things. One is age and the need to modernize, but secondly, also the ability to accommodate incremental demand through electrification of the transportation sector, as well as the economic development activity that we're seeing. So those are -- so that's number two. Number three, we were pursuing full automation over this period of rebuild 15 to 20 years. But with the reality of the new storm activity that we're seeing on a more frequent basis, we want to accelerate that to five to six years, which is the full automation of our grid. What that will do is, it will fundamentally move the duration of outages and that's where we need to make the most improvement in our grid in the near term. And of course, the level of investment that we're making in tree trim, we're five years through a seven-year very aggressive tree-trimming program where over the last five years, we've invested $800 million in tree trim. And we'll continue at that pace for two more years and then we'll return to a more normal pace of aggressive tree trimming once we've sort of removed the backlog if you will. So those are the fundamental things that you'll see in our distribution grid plan. And then obviously, as we get support and endorsement for that, that will formulate the basis of our rate cases going forward. So it's a very good process here in Michigan. We're -- we attempt to get alignment around our distribution grid plan and then we -- each year, we take out a piece of that plan if you will in our rate cases.
Jerry Norcia: Well, some of the -- certainly the grid hardening is already in our plan in this current rate case. The tree trimming is in our current rate case that's in front of the commission. The beginning of a 4.8 kV rebuild is in our rate case. And actually, as part of the infrastructure renewal mechanism or the tracker that we're proposing that we feel there's strong support for is to start tracking capital investments for this rebuild. And the full automation, the acceleration of that is not in our current rate case, but we're going to start anyway. We think this is still fundamental that we're happy to start this investment and pull forward this investment. And there may be some regulatory lag with that, but it won't be significant. And the other thing that I wanted to mention Michael this 4.8 kV rebuild, we're going to get really aggressive on trying to understand how much of this we can put underground. We've got -- the way I look at it is, we're going to rebuild 16,000 miles of grid, the older portions of our grid and we should attempt to put as much of that underground as possible as economically feasible. And that's something we're going to start experimenting with. We have several pilots that are in this current rate case that we're hopeful that the commission will approve and that will start to get our feet wet. And I've actually met with the mayor of Detroit, Mike Duggan. Him and I have talked about how we start that in Detroit and really start to experiment with that as he replace water main and we replace gas pipe and we try to attempt to create some synergies here with infrastructure renewable in the city of Detroit.
Jerry Norcia: Well, we've got $9 billion in our five-year plan. And this year we'll invest $1.5 billion in the grid. And we feel that to accelerate -- the piece that will get accelerated here fundamentally is automation. We're going to try to find that opportunity inside the $9 billion by becoming more efficient with our capital deployment. But we'll update -- we may also have to increase it modestly over the next five years, but we'll update that in likely in November at EEI.
Jerry Norcia: Yes. It's a great question. As you think about automation just to describe it quickly, you have interruption caused by a tree falling on a wire and taking wires out between two poles for example. And what automation gives you the opportunity to do is to isolate that outage and restore customers on both sides of that outage. So instead of having 1,000 customers waiting 24 or 48 for restoration you can reduce that impact to perhaps 100 or 150 customers waiting so that damage is repaired. So that one makes the restoration faster so it starts to kill duration, if you will of outages which is where we need to make the most improvement to be best-in-class, if you will in the industry. And then secondly Andrew in terms of efficiencies it points you to the location of the outage so that you can properly go there more quickly. Like right now, we have to patrol the circuit and look for the outage and that could be in the middle of the night which consumes hours. And that just means it's more hours that people are patrolling more costs of restoration. So it will make the restoration efforts more efficient and lower cost. 
Jerry Norcia: The most significant investment will really be in two areas. And I believe the first the top one would be the 4.8 kV rebuild. I mean, 16,000 miles of rebuild over the next 15 to 20 years will be the most significant investment we've ever made in our grid. And this is a portion of the grid that was built anywhere from the 1940s to the early 1960s if you will. And secondly is the grid hardening. We've got 46,000 miles of total circuit miles and 16,000 is the 4.8 kV and approximately another 15,000 to 16,000 is the 13.2 kV system which is a newer system, and newer meaning it was built in the early 1970s. And into the modern times here we need to make sure that that's hardened because some of that equipment is getting old as well. So we need to replace poles we need to replace pole-top equipment wires, transformers and so on, and so forth. So -- and automate that. Those are going to be the two major buckets of investment in the grid. But the automation will also be a significant investment but it won't be as big as the rebuild and hardening that we need to do.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. What will happen is that the governor and her staff will appoint a new commissioner to replace Commissioner Phillips and of course we wish Commissioner Phillips all the best in his future endeavors. So that's what will happen. If one is not appointed two can rule on the rate case and the IRP that's in front of the commission for our company. And I guess the last question you had yes the new commissioner would have the opportunity to weigh in depending on timing of course. If it's late in the process of one or both proceedings then typically they may not choose to participate. But if they have enough time to spend with the case then they typically do rule on it.
Jerry Norcia: Absolutely. And those conversations are happening and also are continuing to happen with the staff at the commission to create understanding as to what's onetime and what's permanent. So I think it's a work in progress, Ross, with the commission staff. And ultimately, there will be a decision hopefully a settlement here that addresses not only O&M, but also the other features of our capital investment plans so -- and our capital structure and returns and so on and so forth. But we're hopeful that we will have settlement in this case and we'll work really hard to make that happen. We're actually encouraged by what's happening in the IRP. We seem to be progressing conversations there. So we're going to take the same approach with the rate case. 
Jerry Norcia: I know the process is underway and there's already -- my understanding, obviously, we're not on the other side of this, but my understanding is that there's already a list of candidates that are being considered. And so we're encouraged by that that the Governor's Office is moving quickly on this. So I would expect in several months that we would have a new commissioner unless there's difficulty that's encountered in finding the right candidate. And I think they're being -- my understanding is that they're being really as they always are selective about who they put on the commission. In light of the fact that this is a historic time for utilities in Michigan in terms of investment and really rebuilding the way we deliver energy and also the way we produce energy, so it's a really historic time in terms of transitioning the state to a much cleaner and more reliable future. 
Jerry Norcia: Thank you. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. I'll just close by saying I'm excited about the opportunities that we have ahead of us to further strengthen our electric grid, and prepare for increased demand for electrification of our system, as well as really transforming the way we produce power, the way we deliver gas. We are in a historic period at DTE and in our state. So we will also continue executing on our plan to achieve our goals in 2023, and remain well positioned for future growth. I hope everybody has a great morning, and I look forward to seeing all of you at AGA in a few weeks. Thank you. 
