Peter Oleksiak: Thanks, Mark. To summarize slide 21, we continue to remain on track to achieve our earnings guidance for 2014, with strong results in the first half of the year. We increased our dividend for the fifth consecutive year. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remain strong, and our investments in our utility and non-utility business will provide our target of 5% to 6% earnings growth going forward. I'd like to thank you all for listening to our call this morning. And Doug, I like to open it now for any questions that participants may have.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, so this summer – Anastasia indicating when it went in. And at this point in time it really did not contribute. It really is in a kind of open ramp-up mode at this point in time, Matt.Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks a lot, Peter. I'll jump back in the queue.
Peter Oleksiak: The way to think about the CapEx in our electric utility is in two time frames. We have the first near-term flat time frame; it's really around the environmental compliance – finalizing that, really, with the max rule. We were estimating about $1.3 billion a year for electric utility. I would say that's still a good assumption around that. We have put out some disclosures recently on that second five-year window, really, the 2019 to 2024; and the range there was 1.3 to 2.0. I would say at this point, looking at the EPA compliance, it's really going to accelerate the retirements for our coal fleet and essentially have additional spending. So I would say we are more towards the upper end of that 2.0 operating year guidance in that second five-year time frame. We are in the process of finalizing our details and plans. Our objective is in the fall to provide you more of a detailed update. But that's probably a good rule of thumb for now.
Peter Oleksiak: And I think I did mention to you where we are at right now in this process. It does make it a bit difficult to give a lot of details around the nuances with the producers. But I do understand why you guys are interested and want to see the details here. We did have enough commitments. And these are real negotiations, talking to producers, to go forward with this important step. That's really what I can say at this point in time. So we will understand. And part of this process at the end of this is finalizing those commitments into agreements, and understanding – is there additional interest in the pipe itself? Which really, then, it would help size up the final size of the pipe.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, I'll address how we feel our pipe is very competitive. There are competitors, and they have emerged recently in this region. We are really providing a northern-flowing pipe. The gas in the Utica is going to go to multiple places, and a lot of it will go south. Producers are going to want the optionality to go north, and we provide a northern path. And I know other competitors are putting a northern path in place. Our pipe has the least amount of new build needed. We tie strategically right into the Vector Pipeline in our Michigan infrastructure. We think that really provides a distinct advantage to our pipe, because it really does make it very economical and also least disruptive. There's a lot of regulatory approvals that are going to be needed by the other competitors because of a new pipe build. We also think from an environmental perspective ours is the least disruptive as well. Really can't get into the whole details of the economics, but I can say just the fact that we have a lot less new pipe makes our pipe very economical.
Peter Oleksiak: We have indicated that the new generation – the bulk of it will happen post-2019. But we have this RFP out right now; so if we are able to get from our customers generation at a discount to new build, then that's good value, and it keeps merchant generation in the state of Michigan. It will do that. So there may be some timing of new generation happening in this five-year window, and it really would be tied to this RFP. We have other options to satisfy that 2016 shortfall in the MISO region that we are at. But we are looking at this point in time, if we can, to get some new – at least a new merchant plant in part of our portfolio mix. But the bulk of the spend will be close to 2019.
Peter Oleksiak: There is purchasing that we can do within MISO – some contracts, PPAs. There's other things that we could do. But we feel at this point in time, given where the market is at, given merchant plants that are in the state of Michigan, with choice – I know there's issues and debates around choice; whether choice is going to – if those customers are going to come back. It makes the best sense for us right now to explore purchasing existing Michigan assets, if they are available and if they are at a good value for our customers.
Peter Oleksiak: The update really will occur with the FERC filing process. So we have a 30-day – roughly a 30-day open season. After that, if we are proceeding on the project, we will do a FERC filing. In that FERC filing itself, there will be details around the pipe. And I anticipate once we have that FERC filing out there, we will be reaching out to you guys, providing updates.Andy Weisel – Macquarie Capital Securities:  Great. Thank you very much. 
Peter Oleksiak: That's a good question, Julien. On the ownership front, the original MOU with the original partners did expire. So DTE and Spectra are in the process right now of determining ownership levels with other interested parties, including Enbridge. The finalization of the ownership participation will coincide at the same time with finalization of the volumes and the size of the actual pipe itself. So I would say at this point in time, we are sticking with our prior disclosures of the one-third ownership. But that could change with the finalization of the participation levels of interested parties as well as the size of the pipe.
Peter Oleksiak: It is definitely a matter of when. There will be gas needs within the state of Michigan. That's why – and the NEXUS pipe will provide that when it connects into the existing Michigan infrastructure. It will be sourcing Michigan as well as potentially sourcing the Chicago-Ontario market. So we do feel there is a need for this pipe going into Michigan and then existing infrastructure within Michigan. Once NEXUS is built, we are going to need to be doing some expansions on Vector as well as our gas utility system.
Peter Oleksiak: What we are working through right now – we really are in the process of working through this detail. The EPA has a compliance by 2030, but it also has – is averaging between 2020 and 2030. So how do you do that? What's the timing of that? And that's really where the acceleration is going to come in as they hit those averages. And as you mentioned, we do have some longer-term coal plants – the coal plant, in particular, where we put $2 billion of environmental spend on at our Monroe plant – that's going to be here long after I retire. The other plants are something that we were looking at, whether – what's going to be the timing. You mentioned the Belle River plant, one of our newer plants that will be around quite a while. But in this time frame, we are analyzing as well what we do with that plant as well in this time frame.
Peter Oleksiak: We are – that's something right now, actually – what we need to do with Belle River with these EPA standards. We have deployed this dry sorbent injection technology across a number of our generating units, including Belle River. So it's that's one thing we are analyzing right now; the engineering people are analyzing whether we need that scrubber or not, or just continue on with this dry sorbent injection technology.
Peter Oleksiak: These plants are – they are 10-year tax credit projects. So the economics here is really driven by tax credits. We had roughly half of them go into service in 2009. They will actually end in 2020. The other was a 2011 ending in 2022. So right now, what we are planning on is the economics will play out during this time frame. Having said that, as you indicated, there may be some continued use for these facilities from an environmental compliance, but it would be at a much reduced level.
Peter Oleksiak: Really too early at this point to say that. We are in discussions right now with Enbridge around their continued potential ownership interest in the pipe as well as other interested parties. This is all will come to a head within the next 30 days with this open season.
Peter Oleksiak: We are right now the lead – the DT inspector are the lead. So the lead developers are the ones who drive the process and are mentioned in the open season documentation.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The MOU did expire. And we are, at this point, the lead on the project. That's really what I can disclose at this point.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, our disclosure, which I said at this point we probably – we will be sticking with until we understand this open season. It was 1 B pipe at a $1.5 billion spend with a one-third ownership.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. The next step would be to have a FERC filing. And at that point in time we will be proceeding into the next important step of this pipeline project.
Peter Oleksiak: It will be – in terms of a FERC filing process, there's definitely a high probability that we will be proceeding with the FERC filing. It's really determining now the size of the pipe.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, and in terms of where we tie into the reduced level of new build needed, for us it makes a lot of sense.
Peter Oleksiak: Julien, I really haven't gotten into that level of detail, to be honest, with the team. When I did talk to the team, there are options that we have. So we don't need to proceed in terms of buying a generating plant here in the state of Michigan. If it doesn't make a lot of sense for our customers, we will not do that; we will proceed with other options. Don't really have the specifics in terms of what we are seeing in the pricing, what those options are going to be. But obviously, it would be something we would determine at the end of the RFP process whether we were going to go to that route or not.
Peter Oleksiak: We do have a natural short in the summer time frame that's around 1,000 megawatts that will continue to be needed for us to procure in the summer time frame.
Peter Oleksiak: I'm going to say it's roughly 1,000 megawatts. There is changes in terms of load and peak load demands, but it's approximately 1,000 megawatts. We are anticipating that to stay.
