Jerry Norcia: Yeah. The weather availability that we have in the appendix as well the actual amount. We did have a cooler, its $44 million for the quarter. So, it's been relatively significant from a weather perspective. We had a hot weather last year and the second quarter; first part of June was actually relatively cold for us. So, a good portion of that decline that you're seeing there is weather related. Now the term rate based related cost that is depreciation, interest expense, property tax related to rate base. Now that is more than offset by the new rates that were deployed in our last rate case.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. One of the things I'll add is that the contingency levels that we have in all our business units feels quite strong at this point in time, and that's why we felt comfortable with raising guidance at this point. So we still continue to hold a significant amount of contingency in our plans for the balance of the year.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. So we mentioned the four organic investments that were -- are progressing quite nicely this year. The Link expansion, the Millennium expansion, which is complete. The Link expansion will be complete later this year. We completed the Link acquisition, the bolt-on acquisition, and we're also looking to complete the Generation Pipeline acquisition. All of that feeds quite nicely into our 2019 plans and 2020 plans. So we feel like we're aligning up growth quite nicely for that platform over the next two years. We are looking at acquisitions, we always do. The market has actually become -- starting to bring a lot of opportunities forward as we see some midstream companies under severe stress from a balance sheet perspective, as well as we see producers redirecting capital toward our drill bit. We're starting to see opportunities float our way and we're being very selective and very disciplined about how we look at those. So, feeling pretty good about the prospects of that business line right now.
Jerry Norcia: We're starting to feel that for sure. I mean with these projects being delayed and uncertainty developing in those projects, certainly there is a lot more interest in some of our pipeline platforms to move the growing Appalachian basin. Just to give you a feel for the basin grew about 13% year-over-year from a production volume perspective. So we're still of the view that this basin will go short pipe capacity over the next year or two. And that's going to play in our opinion very favorably and our assets are positioned to take advantage of that, especially NEXUS.
Jerry Norcia: We haven't looked at that lately, I mean, we're really focused on our cogeneration and renewable natural gas. Those are the two primary business lines, but we have not looked at that in some time.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. We had filed this some time ago as part of our renewables build-out program to meet the 2016 energy legislation goals would be in at 15% by 2021. So this 455 MW accomplishes that plus also gives us the opportunity to sell into the voluntary renewables markets.
Jerry Norcia: We watch activity in and around our pipelines very closely, producer activity that is. And what the producers said they were going to do this year, they are doing in terms of drilling and connecting wells to our system. So we're seeing the volumes right on top of our forecast, actually, that also plays well into next year as they drill wells this year also feeds our growth for next year. So we're seeing them do what they said they're going to do. I think the one thing we are seeing is more companies coming forward and looking to sell some of their midstream assets, which I think will make it pretty interesting for us going forward to look at some of those. So we feel really good about where we sit right now. And I did mention that the basin grew about 13% year-over-year in terms of production volumes. We're forecasting about a 5% to 6% growth rate going forward. So we are forecasting what we would call a slight slowdown, but that's built into our forward-looking view for this business line.
Jerry Norcia: We look at assets that won great value for us obviously and secondly that are either early or mid cycle growth. We don't like buying assets that are very mature and they will provide us with upside opportunity. And then we also look at the resource base, that's the third thing we look at it there, gathering related type assets. And we do a pretty hard scrub on resource base, because that's really what drives the opportunity for growth and value in the future. So that's the criteria that we use. So if we pass on assets, that likely doesn't meet one of those three criterias.
Jerry Norcia: All of our growth in this business line has been in the Great Lakes region. So we'll continue that will be our primary focus, that continue focusing on the Great Lakes region. If an asset opportunity represent itself outside of the region that we understood, or would create value, we would be open to that, but our primary focus is in the Great Lakes region.
Jerry Norcia: So, these kind of storms usually come with a really, really hot weather and I can tell you that the hot weather far outstrips the expense for this storm, so we're net ahead and that's why we feel comfortable that we're actually building contingency in the electric business line even with the guidance raise, and the answer on insurance is, no, we don't carry insurance for storms.
Jerry Norcia: Yes, so the criteria that we use is, of course we examine the site that we're investing against in the business that we're investing against very carefully. So, we look at the long-term viability and prosperity of the site that we're going to invest against as a cogeneration investor. And so that analysis is something that we do in a great level of detail. And once we get comfortable with that, then it's really about negotiating a return that is more attractive than our utility returns before we deploy capital. And so that's how we look at those types of investments of the site and the business on a site is really important. In terms of the Toledo corridor, we are seeing a lot of action, mostly combined cycle plants that are building up in and around the NEXUS pipeline. So, we're excited about that and we're actively pursuing, connecting some of those assets for the NEXUS pipeline. So, that's what we're seeing in that -- in the Ohio corridor that we are most -- that we can most influence results there.
Jerry Norcia: We really don't disclose how much each project contributes. But I can tell you that the -- where we that -- five projects that we're talking about will generate about $200 million of capital investment and that those returns are in excess of our utility returns. So, that might give you a feel for what kind of income is being generated.
Jerry Norcia: Well, Paul, it's a great question. I -- we view Fermi in a very positive light and let me explain why. One it is a regulated asset. So, we don't operate in the merchant market where everything trades toward variable cost. And the price that we can produce carbon-free energy from that plant and the amount of power that we can produce from in a carbon-free way. I don't think any other renewable resource can touch it. So I feel like it's is a bit of a jewel in terms of our future and provides us great options in the future to produce highly economic and carbon-free power. So, we see a long future for Fermi
Jerry Norcia: And then I think the issue that you referred to as a something that's existed at the plant for 30 years we've managed it well with the regulator and we're working with the regulator to move that issue to a good conclusion. And of course as you know, we will always do the right thing at a nuclear plant.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, Christian. And with that, I'll wrap up by thanking everyone for joining the call. We've had a great first half of the year as evidenced by our increased guidance and I feel really good about the position we are in to continue our solid track record of delivering premium results. I look forward to providing you with updates as we move through the year. Thanks again for joining us. We appreciate the questions and we'll talk to you all soon. Have a great day.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah, we can't really -- I can't really give exactly the number yet for July, but I can tell you that July is one of the hotter July's we've had here in recent history. So I'd say a good portion of that as it relates to that. Now we did hold back some of that weather favorability here in July. Some of those is for the storm that we've experienced, Jerry mentioned that we do traditionally give back a portion and when we have the extreme weather we had in July, two storms. So we're going to be funding that as well as holding back for reinvestment. We'd like to do that as well especially with customer centric and facing that projects.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, we did mention and we wanted the $1 billion to $1.5 billion over the next three years, $250 million of that this year. We've done already $165 million for this year. So $250 million target this year. We'll give an update at EEI for our plan for next year. And let you know, our goal would be to be at the lower end of that $1 billion range. And if we do that with continued strong performance like we're seeing this year and we do hope contingency, we don't need that contingency to be at the lower end of the range, but we'll give a fuller update here in the fall.
Peter Oleksiak: And Andrew, this is Peter. Just to further add to Jerry. At EEI, we mentioned, we had 600 MW of voluntary renewable, so this help support that as well as our compliance with our state, state plan.
