David Ruud: Thanks Joi and good morning everyone. Let me start on slide nine to review our second quarter financial results. Operating earnings for the quarter were $296 million. This translates into $1.43 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment, including a reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. I will start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $279 million for the quarter. This is $101 million higher than the second quarter of 2023. The main drivers of the earnings variance were implementation of base rates and warmer weather partially offset by higher rate base costs. Moving on to DTE Gas operating earnings were $12 million lower than the second quarter of 2023, driven by warmer weather and higher rate base costs partially offset by increased revenue from the IRM. Let's move to DTE Vantage on the third row, operating earnings were $14 million for the second quarter of 2024. This is a $12 million decrease from 2023 due to a combination of some timing and one-time items, primarily in our custom energy solutions and steel related businesses. We continue to be highly confident in our full year guidance for vantage. Compared to the first half of 2024, earnings in the second half will be notably higher. This is driven by the shape of earnings for projects in our custom energy solutions and RNG portfolios and some new projects that come online in the second half of the year. On the next row, you can see energy trading finished the quarter with earnings of $31 million. This is a $5 million decrease from last year, primarily due to lower performance of the physical gas portfolio. We are continuing to experience really strong results through the first half of the year as we realize strong contracted margins in our physical power portfolio and stronger performance in our gas portfolio. With these stronger contracted margins, we should experience some upside at energy trading for the year. However, for now we are maintaining our conservative guidance for this business. Finally, corporate another was favorable by $18 million quarter over quarter due to the timing of taxes which will reverse through the balance of the year, bringing us within the current full year guidance range for our corporate and other segment. Overall, DTE earned $1.43 per share in the second quarter. As Jerry said, we had a great first half of the year and we are well positioned to achieve our targets in 2024. Additionally, we are continuing to work to position ourselves to deliver strong results in 2025 and through our long term plan. Let's move to slide ten to highlight our strong balance sheet and credit profile. As Joi discussed, we need to continue to invest heavily into our utilities to improve reliability and move toward cleaner generation. This customer focused investment is supported by our robust cash from operations which is shown on our cash and capital guidance slide in the appendix. Due to these strong cash flows, we still have minimal equity issuances in our plan as we are targeting annual issuances of zero to $100 million through 2026. Our long term financial plan incorporates debt refinancing and new issuances to fund our capital investment plan and is consistent with our six to 8% long term operating EPS growth target. We've eliminated the interest rate risk of our 2024 debt issuances at all end rates that are better than what we had in our plan and we continue to manage future issuances beyond 2024 through an active hedging program and other opportunities that mitigate interest rate variability. So, for example, we have eliminated interest rate risk on nearly half of the debt refinancing needs at the parent company in 2025. We continue to focus on maintaining our strong investment grade, credit rating and solid balance sheet metrics as we target an FFO to debt ratio of 15% to 16%. Let me wrap up on slide eleven and then we'll open the line for questions. Our team continues our commitment to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Our robust capital plan supports our customers as we execute on the critical investments that we need to make to improve reliability and transition to cleaner generation while focusing on customer affordability. DTE is well positioned to serve increased load as opportunities for development continue in our service territory. The 2024 operating EPS guidance midpoint provides 7% growth over the 2023 original guidance midpoint and we continue to target long term operating EPS growth of 6% to 8%. We are well positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect with a strong balance sheet that supports our future capital investment plan. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open the line for questions.
David Ruud: Hi, Jeremy, this is Dave. Yes, the timing of taxes will reverse as we go. This is really an effective tax rate adjustment. So it adjusts the consolidated year-to-date income tax expense for what we think will be the annual tax rate at the end of the year. And it does come to zero at the end. So we did see some favorability from that of about $0.10 in the quarter and that will adjust again as we go through the year.
David Ruud: Yes, there was, there really wasn't anything that was tax related, ITC or PPC advantage in the, in the second quarter. we, I will say we're, you can see that we have our lot backloaded advantage through the year. We're really confident our full year guidance there. A lot of it is project related that comes through the second half and, a little bit will be a tax as well in the second half as we go through the, as we go through the year. But we're really confident in our guidance of 125 to 135 there.
David Ruud: Yes, you saw in the quarter and for the year so far, we're off to a really strong start there. And that's driven by really two areas. One is our power FRS portfolio. So these are contracted and hedged positions that we do. And there is a shape to those through the year and we expect that that shape will, it should increase through the end of the year. And then our gas portfolio, we have some structured contracts there as well, were able to take advantage of. Some of those are contracted and hedged also. So we had a good first half. We're really about on our guidance for the year right now, but we want to go through the summer, see how that plays out with the weather and see how it works for the rest of the year. But as you saw, we did have a very good first half of the year in energy trading. And these are multi-year contracts so we expect some of that, some of those high margin, high margins that are contract and continue to provide benefit sometime into the future, beyond this year as we'll
David Ruud: Yes. Michael, just to add to that, I would say that we're feeling like we're going to have a really strong year, and we deferred a lot of non critical maintenance last year that we'd like to pull back into the plan for the benefit of our customers and also for the benefit of creating success in 2025. So I would say in this moment, we're back to our traditional planning process where we feel really good about 2024 and we're looking at what opportunities do we have to eliminate some of the sort of non critical maintenance backlog that eventually becomes critical if you don't get it done. So we're looking to pull that forward, which will not only benefit this year and benefit our customers, but it'll also benefit our planning for 2025, which we are deep into at this point in time.
David Ruud: Yes, there was a sale of one of our landfill gas projects, and we got a gain on that, on that sale as we were exiting one of those projects.
David Ruud: We do have PPA’s built into our plan. We do have some PPA’s built into our plan, but when it comes to our balance sheet, can handle the amount of capital that we're investing, and as Jerry says, better for our customers and better for our shareholders to do that.
Gerardo Norcia: Jeremy, I would say the conversations and engagement with the hyperscalers continue, and I would say that there's still very strong interest by multiple parties and they are awaiting the results of the legislative effort we were targeting. There was a target for the legislature to get that done in the spring, but I think the budget deliberations kind of overtook that process. But there's still very strong bipartisan support both in the House and the Senate, and the governor still is indicating strong willingness to sign it if it comes to her desk, which we expect to happen sometime this fall and or the balance of this year. So I think as soon as that happens, I think we'll start to get a little more serious traction on landing some data centers.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. The two most significant opportunities that we continue to pursue are Greenfield RNG, and we've got a good backlog of those projects. And then secondly, our custom energy solutions, which is sort of behind the fence industrial installation, where we're providing cogen services, water services, compressed air services. Those are nice long term contracts, fixed fee without commodity risk. Those are the two primary areas of focus. CCS still is an emerging opportunity for us. We've got a number of parties that have committed to working with us contractually to test the feasibility of carbon capture and storage, and we're in the middle of a handful of those opportunities right now, so more to come on that before it becomes a business line that starts to create value. But we feel good about it. But we're also very focused on the first two business lines that I mentioned.
Gerardo Norcia: If we see two things, one, is the business growing beyond our 10% We're very committed to the 90/10 -- 90/10 mix between utility and non-utility. That would be one potential trigger. And secondly, after we're sniffing equity needs at DTE, that would be a second trigger to perhaps look at asset optimization and rotation. Right now, we don't. In our current forecast, we don't see that need, but so it doesn't really create incremental value for us to rotate assets.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. We show the weather impact slide. It's in the deck on page 14. You can see at year-to-date at electric we're still negative four and at gas, negative $0.23. But as we build in some contingency for weather throughout the year. And so, we're, we're really confident that we're going to be able to meet what we need to do for the second half of the year and, hopefully see some good weather which will allow us to invest some more for our customers in '24 to pull forward some of the investment we need to do for our customers from, from later years into '24 and help out even more.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So there's been a lot of interaction and collaboration with the staff on this PBR process, and I would say we're landing on metrics that we feel are really valuable to our customers. So I think we've got strong alignment on the metrics, and I think the process we're in now, David, is to make sure that we've got strong consensus on the initial targets and also on making sure that there's symmetry in the targets. So those are the two remaining things that we're working with the staff and the commission staff on. So we feel like it's progressing well. The fact that it's lining up quite nicely with things that we think are very important to move for our customers.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, I would say that two things, several things that make Michigan attractive. One is, natural disasters are not a part of the Michigan's repertoire. So I think that makes it attractive. The access to water, fresh water, cool water, and also our climate being cooler are all attractive. And of course, our energy rates and the fact that we've got capacity available that we could offer immediately I think makes us attractive. So those are the attractive features. I think what will make us even more attractive is the sales and use tax exemption. But there are some aggregators that already have a sales of use tax exemption that got passed in 2015. So I think we're seeing some action. We will see some action from them regardless of the sales and use tax. That's really targeting the hyperscalers, if you will. So more to come on this, you're asked about how much demand are we seeing? Obviously, there are a lot of big numbers floating around in the industry. We're seeing demand numbers in the thousands of megawatts. So that seems encouraging. We want to work to landing the very first one. Hopefully that will, I believe that the sales and use tax exemption is kind of holding some of that momentum back, but once that gets passed, I think that'll break loose a bit.
Gerardo Norcia: I'd say we're in a good place across our businesses right now. We did see some challenging weather and gas. We had really cool winter so far and very warm winter so far at gas. So we saw some challenge there, but we're working through that. But overall, we feel good about, about all of our businesses right now, and we feel good about the opportunity that's going to give us to invest for our, for our customers here in 2024 as we can pull forward some expenses and do some of the, some additional maintenance on our, on our projects or in our lines for our customers.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, we saw value in exiting. It was a partnership that we were exiting and we saw good value there, so we took advantage of it.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. So great question. You all are aware that last year we had some mandates as it relates to a clean energy standards and also an RP's standard that was passed by the state. Any type of federal change in politics, I don't think will affect that. We will be mandated and required to achieve the RP's standard, as well as the clean energy standard, which drives a significant amount of investment for us. The other fact also is that we'll require an act of Congress to change the IRA, and it would have to be a very significant majority in order to overcome the fact that a lot of these investments are going into, in our service territory, republican dominated territories. There'll be significant interest, we see significant interest from those legislators to get the economic development, get the property taxes and the jobs that come with billions of dollars of investment. So we're seeing, at a local level, really strong support for our solar developments. We are getting. Permitting is moving quite nicely for us, a lot of community support. So even though the politics could change, it would have to, the political landscape would have to change drastically in order to make a difference. So, just to summarize, the RP's standard and the state mandates will drive the investment, and if the IRA was to change, it would make it perhaps less affordable, but we'd be looking for offsets, but we view that as a low probability event.
Gerardo Norcia: Andrew, you'll recall that we got a tree trim surge approved by the commission where we took our investment in tree trim from $65 million a year to $200 million a year about a handful of years ago, actually six years ago -- six years ago. And that excess tree trim surge is being securitized, which is helping us move the impact for our customers while it provides that benefit to our customers over a longer period of time. So we do have the financial resources to complete the search. And as Joi said, we're actually fine tuning it and probably will keep it going for a while as we go back and take down even more vegetation. But it's having really positive impact on reliability where we've done it.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, we see good opportunities across the custom energy solutions business in particular as we're doing the central plant services for so more projects within the country. So we have a good pipeline of projects there that we feel we can continue to grow and continue to drive. We have the project we talked about last quarter with Ford that is coming online in two stages this year. Some has come online and more will come online. The second half will come online at the end of the year. So we feel really good about that business and then our steel related business is just a solid performer for us.
Gerardo Norcia: That's a good question, Andrew. Yes, we do target the 15% to 16% FFO to debt. We think it gives us some, it does give us some good headroom to the downgrade thresholds. And we met with all the rainy agencies over the last quarter and I think they're pretty confident in the level that we're at too. So we feel good about where we are with our balance sheet, our balance sheet metrics on that.
Gerardo Norcia: We do see it about in that range for our base economic sales growth, what data centers and how that comes in could play in a little differently. And then when we look out a little bit further, EV load is another thing that could drive some of our residential load up a little more in the long term as well. But it's pretty consistent with what we're seeing right now is what our longer term forecast is.
Gerardo Norcia: That's generally what we're seeing. what happened in legislation last year, there was an increase in intervener funding, and that has spurred more intervenors because there's more money. So I think that's part of the challenge that we have and why there's been so much more activity is that the funding allowed by legislation has created much more activity.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes. And I would say that the audit was really came as a result of the commission wanting to make sure that we were doing all we could to drive reliability improvements. And so I would expect, I don't believe that this audit will say we should spend less on reliability improvements. I think it will, like Joi has said here a few times today, I think it may shift things between different buckets. But overall, I think there'll be a strong endorsement to continue to invest heavily in reliability, especially driven by the age of our system. I think that has become pretty evident in the audit that it requires significant investment as we are proposing to improve the quality of that system over time.
Gerardo Norcia: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'll just close by saying we're feeling really positive about 2024 as well as our position for future years. And I hope you have a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
Joi Harris: Morning, Shar. Yes. So we are anticipating testimony tomorrow. If we can get to a contested settlement, our chances of settlement increase. But if not, there are a lot of intervenors in this case. Obviously we would like to settle, but if we don't settle, we feel pretty confident in our ability to receive a constructive outcome regardless. So it's a pretty straightforward case. It's all about the capital we need to invest to improve the reliability for our customers, and we hope that the commission is seeing that in our testimony and it's pretty strong testimony in that regard.
Joi Harris: Not really. Most of the intervenors are picking up on what least we've seen in the past. There's some interest in just our path forward on our retirement of our plant and then also some other environmental pieces. But generally speaking, there isn't much great design that is contested in the case.
Joi Harris: Yes, thanks. I say that the audit is wrapping up. The auditors have completed their interviews and they've done field visits. We've gotten positive feedback on our interaction with them. It's been a very collaborative process till now, and we anticipate that will continue as we get the report in September. The initial feedback is very much in line with, the agenda that we set forward in our plans. We may see some shifts in programming slightly, but generally speaking, we've seen nothing to indicate that we'll be, there will be any surprises in September.
Joi Harris: It should be pretty straightforward to get there. We may have some trailing areas that we may have to revisit. We are right now we've got about 80% on that five year cycle, so we're cleaning up some of the areas. We revised our tree trim standard. We found that we had to go back to certain areas because the tree growth happened a lot quicker than we anticipated. So I think, Andrew, we can anticipate that the five year cycle will get us back on track and then we'll go back and revisit again and make sure that those areas that we did trim, that the tree growth stays as we anticipate. We may even expand it even further because we're seeing certain areas, the growth is much higher and more quickly returning than what we had initially anticipated.
Joi Harris: Andrew, it's all embedded in the plan and it is contingent on the rate case outcome. And we'll hear tomorrow, staff position. We also have the audit and we hope that, just based on the feedback that we've gotten from the audit that the auditors were supportive of, at least the way we've laid out the plan. Now, there may be some movement, the programs, based on their feedback, but generally speaking, the feedback we've gotten from the auditors supports our agenda.
Joi Harris: Yes, there are new intervenors in the gas case for sure, and new intervenors in the electric case. But as I said before, even with the level of intervention we're seeing now, the NPSC would have to move to likely a contested settlement, and that would increase our chances of settlement. Aside from that, we still feel confident that we can get a constructive outcome regardless. But, Yes, a lot of activity in the rate case, more than we've seen in recent history.
Joi Harris: We'll know with certainty tomorrow for sure. But what we've seen in the gas case is some environmental groups, more environmental interests in natural gas.
Joi Harris: I would say I think we're all aligned in that we want to approve the reliability of the grid. The question becomes, what's the best way to do that? And we believe that that was the purpose of the audit, is to examine and get everyone aligned on how we go forward in improving the reliability near term and then into the future. So I think the audit results will go a long way in building, I say, alignment and consensus on what the path forward should be.
Joi Harris: Not. Well, the audit comes out in September. It can't be a part of the record necessarily. So it probably won't make it into, formally into this freight case.
