Peter Oleksiak: Thanks Mark. Summary on Slide 21, you can see the first ticked point that we are on-track to meet our operating earnings guidance, and I can say we are more than on-track. As we described and Jeff described, we’re coming in the remaining three quarters with some good contingency to the guidance. Also we received approval from the MPSC to suspend our electric revenue decoupler. This has actually helped us to move that rate case timing to the end of ’14 and early ’15. We think that’s been a good move for us and for our customers. Our balance sheet and cash flow metrics remains strong and investments in our utility and non-utility businesses will provide the targeted 5% to 6% EPS growth on a go forward basis. I’d like to thank you all for listening to our call this morning, and Nikki I would like to open it up now for any questions that maybe out there.
Peter Oleksiak: There is a bill introduced that was looking at the deregulation bill which was a very interesting twist, as we have been seeing overtime, bills to increase the choice count and so this was an interesting one where that was for, and moving away from the hybrid model, the deregulation -- that has gotten its time in due diligence, but now there is really no support for that bill. And if anything, it’s really putting the broader context around regulation and central the re-regulations. So that bill on particular, right now it’s pretty much is on its course.
Peter Oleksiak: The AGA conference, we’re kind of working through right now internally. The level of disclosures that we’re intended to increase the disclosures in the pipeline segment, give you some more updates around the pipeline, the gathering, potentially even at the storage which are three components of that business and looking at expansions, looking at growth plans and looking at capital spend for those segments.
Peter Oleksiak: Sure, starting with Bluestone, the activity around Bluestone continues at a vigorous pace, we actually have a couple of things on the pipe itself. We’re in the process of expanding. We have put this pipe into service late 2012, so a little less than a year half and later we’re doubling the capacity of the pipe northward that’s progressing along. We’ll have those expansions in place this year and the beginning of next year. On the gathering side, we’re right now currently working with Northwestern with our gathering around the Bluestone project with the additional acreage that they have and potentially we’re cutting our teeth on this first acreage they have. So we’re optimistic we have a great relationship with Southwestern Energy and we’re improving ourselves out with the first tranche of gathering there.
Peter Oleksiak: For the project right now the targeted end service stage is in the end of 2017. We’d be really referring around these agreements. We’re really going to be building this thing. We need to get an 80% to 90% of basically capacity committed to it and around a midyear timeframe is what we’d be looking for. I think it’s really more of a matter of time at this point versus the go-no-go given the extremely strong interest that we’re seeing in the project.
Peter Oleksiak: The RDM amortization overall if you recall it 127 million pretax and when you kind of break that down after-tax per quarter it’s a little south of $20 million per quarter. We’ll have that in the first quarter and second quarter of this year. We’ll stop the amortization and begin again next year of the first and second quarter of next year.
Peter Oleksiak: For this year it is contemplated in reiteration of this year’s guidance and that is -- as we came into the year I’d say it’s a combination of taking look at the cost controls that we put in place, a lot of that was in the benefit reductions, and we had another tranche of benefit reductions that happened last year related to our union contract, so we really understood that, understood what’s happening with discount rates related to those benefit expense. And also to some of the first year favorability that we’ve seen here on the weather side, so one way that we’re essentially reinvesting it back into our business with our customers. We’re utilizing that to basically suspend in the move that amortization and move out our rate proceeding to the end of the year or early next year.
Peter Oleksiak: I think it’s a good question, and I am going to ask our Controller Jeff Jewell to answer that question.
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct. We have indicated for this business unit that -- we really don’t want to put a part of our guidance in our operating earnings growth, so we are signaling the zero your guidance. And actually the other phenomenon that's happening here in the near-term, we are moving a portion of that business to more longer-term contracts so they have more accrual accounting basis, so there will be a lag between accounting recognition and economics. When you look at the pure economic income and that’s the main metric we use to judge this business unit it is a $20 million to $25 million range that we are looking at over the longer-term. And this year if you look at the first quarter they achieved $10 million of economic net income.
Peter Oleksiak: We are definitely keeping the trading business. We think there’s a lot of strategic value from the cash perspective, the 20 million to 25 million overtime is cash that provides actually a lot of good market intelligence for us from the commodity standpoint as well as different geographical regions. For instance it is interesting in this last quarter, we were talking around the Northeast and the PGAM market, and some of the challenges we’ve had there and actually there has been a lot of insights we’ve gained here. And our management team has gained around PGM and the PGAM markets, just having the training company. So it is -- definitely it provides a lot of interest to you, what have you.
Peter Oleksiak: The announcements -- first stating with NEXUS as I mentioned and probably get some new disclosures in the call today, is that conversations are happening, pretty intense manner both on the utility side supporting the project as well as the producers. So we will -- as those come about we will provide update to you guys around those. I would expect over the next few months with the target of midyear having most of this wrapped up. On the Bluestone, we have laid out, Bluestone right now in terms of the expansions that will be occurring, that is the expansion right now is to double the capacity going north, and that will be happening this year with a small piece happening next year as well. And in terms of the overall growth rate, that’s something we will start talking about at the AGA, more likely than not, we’ll be probably providing an update on that on the end of the year. A lot of that is really getting a sense with all of these projects in motion to the NEXUS one in particular getting a little more firm around that before we update our longer term guidance for this segment.
Peter Oleksiak: Right now, I will let you know the bonuses part of the extenders package, right now we do feel relatively low probability that it will get extended. If you look at that this year we have zero equity issuance, and so this year it will not impact this year. Next year we have -- in the next two years put out there a targets of 200 million to 300 million, so we do get it out, imagine it may be near to the lower end of the range, for these one of those years. It’s not going to be extremely material for us, but it may help shave off a portion of one year’s worth of equity.
Peter Oleksiak: I would like to thank everybody for being on the call this morning, and for you hockey fans I know the Red Wings are down right now, three to two to one so we are going to need your support to help us breakthrough with this first round of play-offs. So everybody have a great day. Thank you for joining us.
