David E. Meador: Thanks, Nick. The results for the first half of the year are solid and on track, and I'm pleased with where we are. And that's why I'm confident reaffirming our full year operating guidance of $3.65 to $3.95 a share. As you heard, weather is affecting 2000 (sic) [ 2012 ] earnings at both utilities, MichCon to the negative and Detroit Edison to the positive. On a temperature normal basis, both utilities are on track to earn their authorized return on equity. But it's still too early for us to remix the guidance for the year, but the weather-driven favorability looks like it will offset any miss at Energy Trading. And that the weather also, if it continues as we've indicated, could push us above the $3.80 midpoint on our full year earnings per share guidance. Long term, the utility growth plans are underpinned by mandated investments at the utilities and we're seeing very nice growth potential at our non-utility businesses, and they combine together to provide long-term growth of 5% to 6% earnings per share. And as we've said, and we will always say, we do this while maintaining a strong balance sheet and strong cash flow metrics. Over the last 3 years, we've increased the annualized dividend 5% on a compounded basis. And as we continue to achieve our long-term earnings per share growth, we expect the dividend will continue to grow as well. We'll be back on the road at the end of the summer and we'll likely see many of you at either the Barclays or the Banc of America Conference in New York in September. And with that, Evelyn, we'd be happy to open it up for questions now.
David E. Meador: We don't want to necessarily give you July numbers or third quarter numbers. But if you look at what played out in July and the statistics that Peter reported, we have pretty solid load. And I would just say that right now, we haven't closed the books. But it looks like about half of it might have been offset with storm cost. So there still will be net of storm and there will be some positive margin playing through.
David E. Meador: Well, as you know, the way we've been working our rate proceedings is to stay out as long as possible using continuous improvement. And then when we do file, file for as little as we possibly can because we're very sensitive to customer rate increases. So right now, we are looking to see if it's possible to stay out as far as 2015 and we're working our way through that. And one of the reasons we're doing that is there's a Fermi securitization charge that rolls off in that time frame. And we're seeing if we could bridge our way all the way to that, I don't know if we can, but it's a goal that we're looking at right now.
David E. Meador: It's still too early. As we've indicated, it really depends where the machines gets sited. And I know where the 7 are and we're working on the last 2. And as you would expect, we're trying to drive these machines to, not only plants that consume a lot of coal, I'd rather be at a 8 million ton per year plant versus a 2 million ton per year plant. And also plants that are going to run over the lifetime of the credit. And so we're working with a handful of our host utilities. And I can't tell you where this is going at but -- well, certainly by the time we get to EEI, we'll know by then. We'll have line of sight of where the 9 machines are going to be. And then just a reminder you, we're relocating the 4 right now. But down the road, there is still the possibility of one of those Detroit Edison machines still could get moved again and take us even to a higher ton per year plant. So that's something still down the road. But EEI, I think, will be a good line in the sand to give you an update on where it -- at least, we know the 9 will be starting in 2013.
David E. Meador: Kind of the context as I think about this is we had warm winter, which was almost third standard deviation warm winter, warmest winter on record. We're now having the warmest summer on weather and it's brought some storm. So we're just signaling that things look really positive right now. But also just reminding all of us that we've got a lot of year ahead of us that could bring either great weather results or not. So things look pretty positive right now, and we'll be able to get a better sense of this as we get through the summer months.
David E. Meador: If you recall, we showed charts in some of our roadshow packages that would indicate that Power & Industrial is targeted to earn $55 million this year and our goal is to get it to $125 million. And we had a stairstep up to say, here's how much of that growth will come from REF, here's how much of that growth would come from the wood-fired plants, and then there was still some whitespace. And I would look at this or describe it as it's filling in about half of that whitespace between now and 2016. And also, just to clarify, I'm doubling the size of the business. It's doubling basically our on-site energy business, a line within the Power & Industrial group.
David E. Meador: As I indicated, the MPSC has until Monday to either appeal this decision to the Supreme Court or not. If they choose not to appeal, we're prepared to make a proposal to them that would be public next week. And then we would, obviously, have to get into discussions with the staff on that issue. So I would prefer to wait until next week. So the way this will sequence out is that if they do not appeal, we will be making a filing with them next week and we'll 8-K that so you'll be aware of what we're thinking about.
David E. Meador: It's really way too early in the process. If look in -- I think it's in the Appendix. We have a schedule for that MichCon rate case. So we filed in April, staff testimonies is not filed until September. And then this case will play out in the fall. So other than saying that we stand by our filing and our methodology right now, there's not much else I can say. And I think you'll have to wait and see where the staff takes their position in the fall. And then, certainly, we'll talk more about it in the fall as it evolves. But we always, through the rate proceeding, will stand by our numbers.
David E. Meador: So the way we described this business line, that's our energy services business line, that we already do this. So it's where we own and operate assets like wastewater treatment and a variety of energy assets that include compressed air and things like that. We target a 9% to 10% IRR in this business line. And it's slightly above a return that you would see at the utility. I've always referred to this as our private utilities, so we get slightly than better utility returns. I don't have to go through rate cases. It's not exposed to weather. It's been a nice stable earner for us.
David E. Meador: It depends where we are on the other 2 machines. Obviously, as I'm negotiating with various counter-parties, I think we're just not going to provide that detail yet. And possibly at EEI, and if not, then it would be after the first of the year when everything is sited and up and running.
David E. Meador: Right now, there is net interest savings that will flow through that. But there is some other items that possibly could offset that from time to time, including some tax items that flow through that. So for now, we're holding at that number. And I think the appropriate time for us to give you an update on the trajectory going forward would be when we provide 2013 guidance. But I think in general, it is probably going to be about at the level it is.
David E. Meador: We don't have that number with us. And I think that the territory peak was higher, but I think our load was comparable. You're talking through June. I think July is going to be different. And I think we're going to see that we're hitting new peaks in July. But we'll, obviously, update that on the third quarter, Paul. On load, just an observation coming out of 2008, we went down really hard, as you know. And then we saw a very significant bounce back in 2009 and then '10 in our industrial load. Commercial load lagged that a little bit, so we didn't see the up in 2009. We saw a big up in commercial load and in 2010. And then residential load over a long period of time has surprised us, in terms of its strength. So when we look at broader economic indicators here, we're seeing a lot of positive signs. We're looking as you are looking at these quarter-over-quarter numbers and saying does that indicate a trend that we should be concerned about going forward. We don't see that. But we're still seeing long-term load growth. It will be modest and won't be as robust as what we saw possibly historically, but something over 1%.
David E. Meador: Well, our goal is to see if we can stay out until 2015. This piece would only be one of several things that we would have to work on. So it's not just using the $127 million. But it's certainly, it's an anchor to that, that says if we can get agreement not to return that to net income but to use that, it could be part of a series of things that we do that would allow us to stay out for a while.
David E. Meador: We provide a 3-year look, we usually do that when we come out at EEI. So if you recall, what we had laid out was that in a sources and uses that over a 3-year period, we needed $1.2 billion. And that was going to be $300 million of equity each year and that would be done through our benefit plans and our pension plans, so DRIP and pension. And then there was another $300 million that we were earmarking for asset sales, which is predominantly the Barnett sale.
David E. Meador: We are going to remain in the segment. As we have indicated, we like this business. It's not part of our growth plan. It provides a lot of market intelligence. It provides a lot of hedging and other activities to other parts of the business and it's over long period of time. It's thrown off a significant amount of cash to the parent, so we like that. And the market opportunities are soft right now, so it's just they're struggling to generate margin right now. And it's a business where we have to deal with what the market brings us necessarily. It's not a business that I'm going to push them hard. So even though I'm not happy with the net income, the team is doing everything they can do in this environment. So we're not going to change our risk profile or get more aggressive just because I don't want to change -- chase net income.
David E. Meador: Well, what we have laid out was that we wanted to prove up the properties and we had actually a pretty aggressive drilling program that was going on through August. So we went from 1 rig to 2 rigs to 3 rigs. For a company our size, that's a lot of rigs drilling. And they will be done drilling in August and complete their wells in September. And we're already starting the process of setting up the data room and so on. So all indications right now is that we'll engage in the process starting in the September time frame.
David E. Meador: I would hold back on this right now and I'm not going to provide any more details. We've not closed on the transaction yet. First of all, and it's possible that there's a number of projects here that are evaluating that it might not come in into the final close. And there are also, and we'll lay this in more detail, this is a project that has an accounting amortization that's front-end loaded. So the earnings grow over time. That's very strong cash flow from the beginning, but there's an accounting nuance here. So I wouldn't take that high-level approach and I'm not prepared to -- it's too early to give you more details on that right now. I would just caution you not to do that and then suggest, again, the way I'm thinking about this as we showed you the whitespace and the growth for the P&I business. And that long term, this fills in about half of that whitespace if you want to kind of size the net income off this investment.
David E. Meador: Well, if we're successful in working out everything that we've have to work out, we would file in 2014. Now the caveat there is, again, in spirit of doing everything we can for customers while achieving our financial objectives, I'm articulating this as a goal. If we are not able to work out everything we want to do, we'd be filing earlier. But right now, we're just articulating that as a goal of push the filing out to 2014 for new rates in '15.
David E. Meador: Possibly, third quarter or EEI we'll be able to give you some indication. It really depends how quick the process goes.
David E. Meador: Well, thank you again for joining us. And as I indicated, I think that the next time we'll see everybody first at the Barclays Conference and then the BofA Merrill Conference a couple of weeks after that. And wish you a nice warm summer and we'll talk to you in the fall.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I think, Jonathan, as the you mentioned, the dynamics is both the weather and the storms. So normal weather, normal storms actually would provide an uplift for us in the third quarter going forward.
Peter B. Oleksiak: A couple of things. First is, it really is to true-up our underlying load. We do have decoupling mechanism, but you need to go on periodically to true that up. The other is we are spending more than the depreciation, actually, we're filing here with the infrastructure -- stepped up infrastructure around our main line replacement and move out program. So we're proposing a mechanism for that and recovery around that. So that's the other need in going for a rate case.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I mean when you look at authorized returns, it always is on a temperature normalized basis. But there is -- as we push it above the upper end of guidance, obviously, our returns will go above that authorized return.
Peter B. Oleksiak: For the Q2, it's $21 million just for the quarter for Detroit Edison alone. And if you look at it, and actually in terms of the weather impact, last year, we had a decoupling, so actually it was kind of brought back to temperature normal. That $21 million really represents our deviation for temperature normal this year.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yes. As you mentioned, from a weather perspective, the residential segment, when you look at the first quarter and with the warm weather we had, it really impacted the MichCon, but it did impact the electric segment as well. There's a lot of heating related load. So when you look at it all in, compared to last year, actually in a temperature normal -- I mean, with the weather basis actually we're down. So really the heating load impact that we saw in the first quarter was partially offset with the cooling demand that we saw on the second quarter. But some of that just reflects on the weather we had last year. Last year we had a good winter also, as well as a relatively warm second quarter. But when you look at, even for the year for residential, when you look on a pure temperature normal basis year-to-date actually we're above. So we're seeing positive impact at a comparative basis, the temperature normal, but a decline year-over-year given the strength of the weather last year. And then from an earnings perspective, really what matters is where we are versus the temperature normalized basis. So last year really was swept by the revenue decoupling mechanism.
Peter B. Oleksiak: We were actually warmer this year. But the first quarter, we had more strength of weather-related sales for residential.
Peter B. Oleksiak: That is. But I did mention, if look you at that difference in terms of the economic versus accounting, those -- it really is related to some longer-term contracts to restructure, so we'll see the accounting benefit. But it will be a few years out. So you're not going to see that this year or next year.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Kevin, as we're working through our own planning, we think this was a piece of the puzzle. As you know, we are always looking at cost and how do we kind of to do our own self-help in this space. So it will be a combination of the 2.
