Gerardo Norcia: Well, thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 9, which lays out what our capital investments look like over the next five years. Over this time period, we will invest $13.5 billion of capital, up 12.5% versus the prior five years. As you can see on the right side of the page, a big piece of that will go into our electric business, almost $8.5 billion. This will fund the generation transformation and distribution infrastructure improvements that Gerry just mentioned. On the gas front, we have $1.8 billion of investment plan, much of that is related to infrastructure renewal including gas main replacement, and we do have some capital related to the NEXUS project. At the Gas Storage and Pipelines business, we have about $2.5 billion of investment over the next five years that will go into the expansions of assets and the construction of the NEXUS pipeline. For our Power and Industrial business, our investment is about $800 million for co-generation and on-site energy projects. Now on to the next slide, which provide some more detail on our electric distribution investments. So we're on slide 10. We have a sizeable distribution system, about 45,000 miles of distribution lines and over 400,000 distribution transformers. Most of that was built and completed between the 1940s to the 1970s. And as the infrastructure ages, its performance have started to deteriorate and there is a need to invest in and modernize the systems, which is something that our customers are expecting and we will provide for them. Our quality reliability, as Gerry mentioned, is one of our largest gaps in terms of customer satisfaction. We'll have to continue to focus on upgrading circuits to improve reliability, substation redesign, avoid system overload, remote monitoring capabilities to detect outages and our enhanced tree trimming program to eliminate outages. In the distribution system, we're along on investment opportunities. Our challenge will be to manage affordability for our customers. However, we do believe these investments will be accompanied by substantial cost decreases and productivity increases over the next decade. Our gas utility is also entering a period of significant investment to better serve our customers and renew our aging infrastructure, as I'll discuss on slide 11. We're focusing on accelerating the replacement of our aging cast iron and unprotected steel pipe. We have approximately 4,000 miles of that in the ground today. We've reduced our main replacement time horizon by half to 25 years from our original base of 50 years and we're always looking for ways to continue acceleration through productivity enhancements and efficiency enhancements. At the same time, we're automating and moving meters outside to reduce cost along with our electric meters. And finally, we continue to invest in pipeline integrity to strengthen the system and decrease the potential of system failures. Now, I'll move on to our non-utility segment, the Gas Storage & Pipeline business, which starts on slide 12. Our activity over the next few years at Gas Storage & Pipelines are focused on expanding our growth platforms. As Gerry mentioned, we expect NEXUS will move into service in the fourth quarter this year. Our Link assets have been a great addition to the Gas Storage & Pipeline portfolio. Even though we've only owned the assets for a short time now, the initial market interest is very positive. Near-term shipper demand is greater and coming sooner than we anticipated. Actually, if the current shipper interest materialized into contracts, we wouldn't have enough pipe capacity to handle it with the current configuration. And we're actively working on our renegotiating contracts for longer terms and increasing volume commitments. Investments like these ones I've just described will enable us to continue growth in this segment at a very healthy pace. Now, I'll turn it over to Peter Oleksiak to discuss the financial update and implications of potential tax reform. Over to you, Peter.
Gerardo Norcia: So this is Jerry Norcia. Thanks for the question, Mike. We can certainly build the pipe based on the schedule that we're on right now and have a significant amount of interest from LDCs and producers that we're working on to fill out the balance of the pipe. And, yes, the pipe is still currently two-thirds subscribed.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. The contracts that we have certainly accommodate this front-end delay and our customers would remain committed to us.
Gerardo Norcia: I think that what we'll see is like in our other platforms, like Millennium, Bluestone, and the Link acquisition, as we come closer to being in operation with this pipeline, is I think when we'll start to see a significant amount of activity and closing of these deals. That's our expectation.
Gerardo Norcia: Yes, it is. We'll have four spreads of 700 men approximately spread. And getting multiple miles per day is pretty standard in the industry. So it's not that we're stretching that in any way.
Gerardo Norcia: Sure. Thanks, Gerry. So we're looking at a – just to give you some color on this, we've taken an investment to our board just recently. So we'll be able to disclose some more details to that in the near future, we hope. We're in the final stages of executing those agreements, which will involve a significant incremental investment in the pipe, as well as move towards meeting our pro forma and exceeding our pro forma in this investment. So we expect a lot more investments like that. And I think to your question of nature of contract, the nature of the contract that we're in deep discussions on now is long-term contract with minimum volume commitments. So, I think it continues to move us towards our goal. And as Gerry mentioned, really support that 5% to 7% growth rate for the company.
Gerardo Norcia: I think in our pro forma, we had a modest amount of investment to go in to fill the pipe. And that'll be in the form of compression and expansion of laterals or connecting a few laterals. So in our base case, yes, there was a modest amount of capital that would go in.
Gerardo Norcia: On the second question related to NEXUS, at this point, we feel all the environmental conditions that we would have, we can accommodate with the different construction scenarios that we have. So we feel comfortable that we can meet the fourth quarter in-service with those in place.
Gerard M. Anderson: If I read your question just as a follow-up to that, does it change it all? No, the shippers that we have are committed to the pipe through the contracts. And I think what Jerry is implying is that we're in some very interesting discussions right now with LDCs and shippers about additional volumes. So we continue to feel good about this pipe and its dynamics. If you look at our experience in recent years with our assets in Pennsylvania, the Bluestone project, and now what we're experiencing with Link, when you get a pipe in a great region, demand seems to come at you faster than you expect once you've got those assets in place ready to serve the market. That's what we found in Pennsylvania. We've expanded that pipe over and over, and the initial work we're doing down at West Virginia with our Link assets is very encouraging as well. So we expect the same experience here because the resources both Utica and Marcellus around the NEXUS pipeline are first-rate resources. They're great resources.
Gerard M. Anderson: So what we were trying to communicate is that if we go along on a reasonable timeframe, we're going to move into constructing period this year. But any reasonable window, we've got flexibility in the schedule to complete in the fourth quarter. Now, obviously, you can't push this thing out forever. It's fourth quarter project. So if they get into a substantial delay beyond what would be normal, we would adjust the schedule, move into it and take what came. But our expectation is, given the pressure on this and the lack of a quorum, they're going to move to the short end not the long end of this. And, with that, we're just fine.
Gerard M. Anderson: I don't think we have a specific date. As you might expect, you got a construction schedule and we're moving around parts and pieces on that. What defines it is there are environmental windows you hit. So when I say we're moving parts and pieces, essentially come back to those areas that have environmental requirements later and work around it. And so I don't know that we're out communicating an ironclad date, it really – we're really just going to look to when we get that. We've got a lot of flexibility in the construction schedule. I think the highly likely scenario is we get this in a reasonable timeframe and put it in 2017. But in reality, this is a pipe that's a 40-year pipe, so what happens with a few months at the front-end is not that big a deal.
Gerard M. Anderson: So I think we're working through that in the IRP process. Through 2018, I mentioned on the call, we have a pretty substantial investment, 150 megawatts of wind. We put in 100 megawatts this past year. So we were moving in that direction. But we need to work now into the IRP process that was included in the legislation to determine the actual timing and mix that will bring in that renewables on. So I don't want to get the cart ahead of the horse, so to speak. But I think it is – if you were to say, is this going to put more renewables in the mix, then might have been the case under a different IRP or without the requirement, I think the answer to that is yes. So this will add a healthy mix of renewables to our investment over the next five years or so. But the specifics of that, we're going to file – work our way into the IRP process this year and we'll be getting details out in the actual investment timeframe as we do that.
Gerard M. Anderson: I probably I've to get back to you on the details, but I guess it's somewhere in the 11%s. So we're working to 12.5% by 2019 and 15% by 2021. That will put us somewhere in the 11%s.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. Well, so the Commission's going to go through a process this year of establishing a supply reliability mechanism they call it, which is really this charge. And then, over the course of the balance of this year, they'll set out the process under which that supply reliability mechanism will be implemented. And then, in the first quarter of 2018, about a year from now, alternative suppliers need to inform the Public Service Commission of their supply plan and they need to submit proof of capacity. So that's about a year away. And then, if they can't, then we're into discussions about how we would cover that and their payments to us for covering the capacity that they can't serve. So, I think as we play out over the next year, that'll become clear.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. So one of the realities of transitioning from an environment that we had before, which was there really were no reliability requirements for alternative suppliers, to a future environment where they have clear reliability requirements because you got to go through a transition period. So you're right, there's a period of a couple of years here where we're going to see whether they can or can't, and if we get load coming back to us, we've been clear with our regulators that we're going to do everything we can to make supply available from our resources. We'll contract with other resources. We're just going to have to do everything we can to work to get reliable supply for the state. And then to your point, as years go by, your flexibility to invest in assets and contract with other assets goes up. So, yes, a couple of years of transition here where we and the state are going to be working our way into this and doing the best we can to make sure that we've got reliable supply.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. And he's deep. Although I would say that we kind of headed into this year with the notion that this was going to happen fast and there were specifics being put out there. But as you talked about other industries and people on the Senate, there's a sense that like is usual. This issue is complicated. There's lots of competing interest. I think the Senate's inclined to go more slowly. So we're not getting overly whelmed up with particulars and specifics right now. We're trying to gauge first order effect, second order effect, sorts of things. But with that, we have been looking at it carefully. So, Peter, back to you.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. No, it's not meant to imply that. So here's what I'd say on taxes. What I asked the team to do is, look, we communicated 5% to 7% earnings target. If these taxes flow through, are we still confident we can deliver that earnings target? And the answer to that is yes. We've seen nothing here that would suggest we have any concern about that. But you do get flows in and out, so it's good for our non-regulated business in terms of their earnings, their parent company impacts. Peter just described the flows in and out at our utilities. And when we put all that together for the company, we come out and say that 5% to 7% feels good to us.
Gerard M. Anderson: So we do have a project in the P&I business where we have – and it's a nice project where we have been chosen as the counterparties to negotiate the final agreement with the counterparty that we like. So we're working our way through that process. That project is going to be reviewed with our board and so forth. So we've got to work that now from being chosen to finalize an agreement to a final agreement, but we hope that one will happen this year. Assuming it does, it'd be a nice addition to the portfolio there.
Gerard M. Anderson: Yeah. Our long-term contract would involve combined heat and power and some very interesting investments in other things like a big geothermal system and so forth. So, yes, it would involve a very long-term contract at a site of a good counterparty. And so we're hoping that that one is landed and moves forward this year.
Gerard M. Anderson: You mean – well, let me just take it. As you know, we got to step-down in 2020 of our REF earnings. And we'd need probably three like this of this sort of scale to offset that. We also have some interesting things happening actually on the biomass front in that business that I think will be contributors to what I just mentioned. It's a little different project type, but we're having some good activity there. So, we would need two to three of the type I just mentioned and the biomass playing to that as well.
Gerard M. Anderson: These things go in. It's pretty amazing. You think that they – a $2 billion project, 250 miles goes in, in months. That's what happens.
Gerard M. Anderson: When you put this thing into the construction process, it flies. So yeah, that's what's anticipated.
Gerard M. Anderson: I don't know that we're deep enough to make a call on that. I will say we've been in discussions with our delegation and with people in the Senate and have listened closely to others who are. And I know that the House wants to move quickly, but I think the Senate, from the signals we're picking up, is more cautious. I had a conversation with one who said, look, we've got to be really careful that we don't run an experiment with the world's largest economy. We need to think about some of these and make sure we understand their impact on debt levels, their impact on import-export flows and so forth. So the only think I'd say is, and it's no surprise to you, our industry has clear efficacy but so do a whole lot of other industries who are coming into the mix. And whenever that happens, things take time. So the sense that this might happen really early I think is unlikely and I think the pacing will be set in the Senate, which will be more deliberant and give it more consideration, which is difficult.
Gerard M. Anderson: They went through an order of submission. So it was that simple. And one way to have gone through would have been maybe most ripe or fewest complications. And the other way to go through is order of submission and they went through an order of submission. And I'm not inside the decision making as to why they did that, but I think they knew that this would be an important issue to a lot of companies. So they probably chose a method that they thought was fair and reasonable and that was the one they chose. So not surprisingly, we were very close to the process and they were working their way through it as fast as they could, but they were issuing a boat load of orders. They just didn't make it through. That's the bottom-line. We have had feedback that the project is in good shape, it's clean, it's ready to go, all those sorts thing, just didn't get it in the window. So I think the key is to get a Commissioner approved, get a clean one, get one that's pre-vetted, get them into the FERC quickly so they can get back in business. For a President who wants infrastructure projects to move, he's got a lot of them out there ready to go with thousands of jobs per project with one thing that's defining when all that starts. And that's getting one Commissioner there ready to pick back up what they were rushing with last week or I guess two weeks ago. So that's why we think getting one of these names is what an awful lot of people are advocating. Let's just take a candidate that's acceptable and vetted and get him in place and then we can worry about filling out the balance of the slate later.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I didn't say at the top of queue. Actually, I don't know all the projects in the sequence. I do know that we were further out in submission date than the last project approved. But it wouldn't take long once they got back to work. We were expected to be approved right in the timeframe that they were working on. That was the original date. So we really thought we would make it and we're surprised. But I think it was a result of the fact that they took on a bunch of extra work trying to push out projects by date of submission. And so we missed it probably by days or a day, unfortunately. But I don't think it'll be – I'd be very surprised if it were very long once they get a quorum back before we popped up and we're ready to go.
Gerard M. Anderson: So Jerry mentioned one that we took to our board. That was a specific investment and involves a substantial capital investment to pull that off. And then, we are in discussions with several other shippers in the area about their desire for capacity expansions. And those would – I mean, those are pushing us very closer or to if they're – if we were to deliver on the ones that are in discussion, we'd be in expansions pretty quickly of the pipe we bought. So, that was why we were indicating that the feel of this in just a few months after we bought the pipe is really good. Already won major capital investment for expansion in the works and several other discussions of that sort that are very serious.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, the update I gave earlier is probably the best one that we've got. One project that we went through a selection process, we are the selected party working toward negotiating a final agreement, net of the substantial project and investment to add to the portfolio. So our hope is we work through that successfully and have that project landed and going this year. There is another project of that type that's in the works and down to a couple counterparties that are competing kind of for that on. So that's a possibility. And then I mentioned that we're getting some interesting investment opportunities in the biomass space as well that I think could be material contributors to doing what that business line needs to do over the next four to five years, which is really what we've communicated. Our goal for them is to offset the step-down that REF will have. That's really the charge that we've given to that business unit. And the investments that I just described are of the scale and of the sort that would do that.
Gerard M. Anderson: In the legislative process, we anticipated that that could happen. So there was an alternative path set up in the legislation, which really handed the reliability planning to the Commission. So that's the path we're on. There is a state reliability mechanism established in the legislation where the Commission now takes over the process of setting a capacity charge and then establishing a process whereby alternative suppliers need to come in and show that they've got the resources contracted to meet their reliability commitments and procedures, if they can't meet those commitments, for a capacity charge to be paid to us or to consumers in order to make sure those are taken care off. So that was all anticipated as a possibility.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I'll close out just by saying that we feel great about 2016. Still, we had a really good year. I feel really good about the way we're set up for 2017. We've communicated our guidance for the year and we always plan flexibility around that guidance to deal with whatever comes. So, I'm confident we'll deliver it for you again in 2017. And Jerry Norcia took you through our future growth and I feel very good about that as well. We've received a lot questions about NEXUS here this morning that are really playing out over the next few months. But as I said earlier, when you start to look long-term, both of the GSP portfolio and a large slate of things we're doing at our utilities, I think our prospects of adding to that record I mentioned of 1, 3, 5 and 10 years in the top quartile of TSR, I feel good about that because I think we've got strong fundamentals ahead of the company. Hope you feel the same way. Appreciate your questions and look forward to seeing you all soon.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. And, Greg, I said a lot of words in my prepared remarks, but maybe a way to think about it simply is I have parent company debt, but I have profitable non-utilities, right. So depending on interest rate deductibility, it could be – we're seeing it, our non-utilities really kind of support if we lose the interest rate deductions on all debt. And if we don't (38:24) they could be a potentially positive. So it's probably neutral to positive. And our utilities over time, as we're refunding the customers cash under deferred liability, that's going to get backfilled by equity. So that's going to definitely help shareholders. And we see, with the rate affordability, the potential to do some additional capital spend that'll be beneficial to customers. And that's going to basically increase earnings and cash over time. So it's really – I would say, it's kind of timing issue. When you think about our utility and the holding company cash, I really anticipate that we'll have. And if we do issue equity, it probably would be related to we do additional capital spend in our utilities to kind of backfill some of the rate affordability.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Well, the House is, the Administration is you had this either or in terms of the interest rate deductibility for the 100% capital. So, we like that language. We like to have the option to preserve the interest rate deductibility.
Peter B. Oleksiak: I think Gerry has mentioned kind of the first order impact, when we ran these scenarios, what's fundamental to our growth rate is the capital we're spending across our business line. So when we ran a variety of tax scenarios, some were maybe slightly positive and some slightly negative, but did not fundamentally change the growth rates that we saw.
Peter B. Oleksiak: The first question, Gregg, it's roughly half and half. I mean, half of it was related to the tax to our Link acquisition. The other half was with the early debt redemption charges for the holding company.
