Peter B. Oleksiak: Thanks, Gerry, and good morning, everyone. First, like to give a quick update on my rebuilding Detroit Tigers as we're finalizing the first full month of the season. Our Tigers are off to a slow start as anticipated, but are still within striking distance of first place and actually there were some pretty young prospects that looked promising. But unlike our Detroit Tigers, actually we got off to a really strong first quarter as you can see on slide 8. We had an operating earnings of $342 million or $1.91 per share. And for reference, our reported earnings were $361 million or $2 per share and you can find a breakdown of the EPS by segment including our reconciliation to GAAP reported earnings in the appendix. Let's touch on each segment in detail, starting at the top with our electric utility. DTE Electric earnings for the quarter were $142 million or $36 million higher than the first quarter of last year. This was driven by lower storm expense, a return to normal weather, and the implementation of new rates. There's a more detailed year-over-year earnings variance for DTE Electric, which can be found in the appendix. For DTE Gas segment, operating earnings were $111 million and were $4 million higher than last year. This increase was driven primarily by return to normal weather offset by higher O&M. For Gas Storage & Pipelines business, operating earnings were $62 million for the first quarter, or $17 million higher than last year. This increase was due to the lower tax rate, as well as increased gathering and transport volumes, mainly in the Bluestone area. Operating earnings for the Power & Industrial businesses were $42 million, or $12 million higher than 2017. And this is primarily due to higher REF volumes and higher steel related earnings, as well as the lower tax rate. As you know on our year-end call, we increased our EPS guidance by $0.10 per share due to tax reform, which is wholly tied to the non-utility businesses. And you're starting to see that play out here in the first quarter. Rounding out our growth segments in the first quarter is Corporate & Other, which is $32 million unfavorable compared to last year due to a smaller benefit of a stock compensation, a lower tax rate, as well as timing of taxes. Remember last year the first quarter was impacted favorably due to an accounting change related to the simplifying GAAP accounting for taxes on stock-based compensation, which is why we saw that large positive earnings number in the first quarter last year. We saw the benefit this year for accounting change, but it's much lower than last year. So, for the first quarter results are – for Corporate & Other are more in line with historical results. Energy Trading had operating earnings of $1 million in the first quarter, which is down $17 million from last year, driven by lower performance and accounting flow through in our power portfolio. During the quarter, we disclosed that earnings for Energy Trading were coming in lower than the first quarter last year. And we mentioned the potential for a modest accounting loss in the quarter, but after a solid performance in the power and gas portfolio in March, we finished the quarter strong with slightly positive earnings. And for the quarter, Energy trading contributed $8 million of economic income, so a good quarter economically. The appendix contains our standard Energy Trading reconciliations showing both economic and accounting performance. Overall, DTE earned $1.91 per share in the first quarter of 2018 or $0.12 more than last year. Let's move to our 2018 guidance slide, which is on page 9. I'll start with the top of the slide with DTE Electric. As Gerry mentioned we did receive a rate order at our electric company and earnings for this segment will be biased to the lower end of the range based on the factors he described earlier. We still have a lot of the year to play out including the summer weather, and we'll continue to update you on Electric earnings as the year progresses. For DTE Gas, we feel comfortable that we are on plan this year. We'll receive a decision on our current rate case at the end of the third quarter, and we feel good about the earnings projections for this segment. For our GSP and P&I segments, we increased the earnings guidance on the yearend call, and as was mentioned earlier these segments are seeing positive impacts of volume favorability. And as you can see by the indicating arrows, we expect to land at the higher end of guidance for both these segments, due mainly to these increased volumes. Energy Trading had $1 million of earnings in the first quarter. And we are comfortable with the $5 million to $20 million guidance range we have for this business. So, overall, we feel confident about achieving our operating EPS guidance of $5.57 to $5.99 for this year. Now, I'd like to turn over to Jerry Norcia to discuss our long-term growth.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. This is Peter. The growth rate we will be funding is – at the end of the year, we're going to have a case around the deferred tax. It's approximately $1.7 billion; we're going to be giving that over 25 years, about $70 million a year. So, as we're funding that piece, in particular we're going to be replacing that half of that with equity. So, we are going to be seeing equity levels increase in both utilities and its worth about a 1% over and above rate base. So, we are anticipating earnings growth happening on the utilities from tax reform.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah, Steve, this is Peter. One of the costs that was disallowed was a part of our incentive plans with some financial measures. We've had this in the past. So that wasn't completely unanticipated. The other was inflation. We had some inflation in the plan, and then they modified the level of inflation that we had in the plan.
Peter B. Oleksiak: Yeah. There was not a refund. How we're going to get this back to customers will come in three parts. The current rates will be adjusted most likely for both utilities by early fall.
Peter B. Oleksiak: So, the rate case refund, there will be self-implementation proceeding, which is normal course. So, we'll be probably having that over the next probably few months.
Peter B. Oleksiak: We did have a certain amount of the self-implementation, plus a little bit of a reserve on top of that. So, it wasn't that material.
Peter B. Oleksiak: The full first quarter was trued up. So, it really wasn't a refund in the first quarter, the full – it was trued up to the levels of the rate case, we did have some self-implementation early – late last year that was trued up as well in the first quarter, which is very immaterial.
Jerry Norcia: We're targeting producers. The discussions are underway, negotiations with producers, LDCs and industrial customers, and we are targeting long-term agreements, 15-year agreements.
Jerry Norcia: They're progressing well, of course, lots of negotiations back and forth, as you can imagine. And we are positioned as one of the pipes that does have capacity to bring to the market quickly. So we feel confident that we'll start closing deals here.
Jerry Norcia: We disclosed on the year-end call that the existing contracts we will get the benefit, so what you're seeing there, an increase of the existing contracts we have in place today. What we've assumed is that new contracts we will pass that on, but we may potentially share in that and that could potentially help close up that white space gap, but mainly it's the new contracts that you're seeing the increase from.
Jerry Norcia: On NEXUS, the tax reform doesn't have any impact on our ability to capture the value that we forecasted because our recourse rates will be well above our negotiated rates.
Jerry Norcia: Very modest, because most of our pipes are operating with negotiated rates and we – on our last call, we said that the impact is about $1 million to $2 million from the FERC actions.
Jerry Norcia: Where we're seeing most of our action right now is on Bluestone and Link, the two gathering assets that we own today. And as it relates to NEXUS, there are many, I would say late stage discussions about continuing to expand that system with our producers on that system. So, it's a very attractive system and it's got a very attractive resource. So, more to come there, but we're feeling really confident right now about meeting and exceeding our pro forma on that asset. And as you know, that asset is pointed right at NEXUS. So, we expect that in the future, those'll help support the fill and expansion of NEXUS.
Jerry Norcia: For the one industrial customer, it's essentially done. Second, we're still negotiating with to complete producer agreements. Again, we're continuing to exchange proposals. So, those discussions continue. And we also have several LDC discussions well underway. And – so, that's the current status.
Jerry Norcia: I can tell you that the engagement level between our team and the Michigan Public Service Commission team, staff team is very high. We've got multiple discussions that are scheduled and happening between now and the time of our next rate case filing. And the goal is to get alignment on investment and distribution, as well as other items in our capital plan that could result in a capital tracker. So, lots of interest in that from both parties, both from the Commission staff and our team, and we're hopeful that we can get to a strong alignment that we can file in our next rate case.
Gerard M. Anderson: So – and by that time, we will have a pretty large installed base of wind in Michigan. So I think some diversification will be helpful as well. So that explains our thinking.
Gerard M. Anderson: We want a diverse mix of renewables, but we also want to strike where the price is right, so we're going to wait a bit on large scale investments in solar. So we'll continue to add at sites like the one we described earlier, the 15 megawatts, and the 50 megawatt site that we did, but we're investing in wind in the 1,000 megawatt sort of scale. That will come for solar a bit later.
Gerard M. Anderson: So, that – we've set aside 300 megawatts for that. I'd say that's hopefully a starting investment because we are seeing some of our large customers come to us and request the ability to increase the renewable mix in their portfolio. So you've seen customers like GM, for example, say that they want to be 100% renewables by 2050. Well, they're getting started on those sorts of things, as are other large industrial and commercial customers. So, we're going to set aside 300 megawatts, so that would be 300 megawatts out of a total of 2,000 megawatts by the time we're done with this round. So, you can get a sense for how much that is, but our expectation would be that we'll continue to see demand for that. And as we do we'll push that into our mix.
Gerard M. Anderson: ...which – the activity about Link, around Link has been really encouraging, and as we bought that I guess, late 2016. So, we're a year and a half in and in a year and a half in, we continue to be very encouraged by the economics therein by our investment opportunities. So, it's been a good asset.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think the short answer is, yes, we are seeing more of those. Like Link, we'll take a long hard look. I think the more we hear, the more we believe that there will – this isn't going to be a short term phenomenon. Some of these companies are going to need to work through this over the foreseeable future. So, we will look at and evaluate opportunities analogous to Link and if we think we find one that's a good strategic fit, makes sense economically we'd be open to that.
Gerard M. Anderson: Oh, geez, that's – so, we like everybody has – have investment bankers who come through, and I don't know that I've had too many times when I haven't been told that the interest in the industry and M&A was high. But, I do think there are parties out there looking around. We saw one play out just the other day was Spectra. And I think there is ongoing interest, but I don't understand – I don't sense that tax reform has unleashed a wave that's fundamentally different if that's what you're asking. I think we continue to see the sort of ongoing interest that consolidation of this industry has witnessed for a long time now.
Gerard M. Anderson: Well, I – actually one of the folks I talked to recently, I think stated it well as an investor not a banker, and he said, look, strengthen your balance sheet is really option value, it gives you the opportunity when good opportunities arise to strike, and when you spend that balance sheet flexibility, you've lost your option value. I think there were companies who spent their option value on what we view as some – not so accretive transactions. And – so, I think there are companies who didn't do that, who probably have greater flexibility if they see something come along that they really like. And so, we continue to look to the earlier question at potential GSP sorts of acquisitions. But, if – we've always said, if the right corporate transaction came along that we really thought added value, we'd be open to it. But, we aren't going to be involved in a high premium sort of transaction, we just don't see the value in super high premium deals that don't make sense to us. So open, but we'd do them at the right price with the right counterparty.
Gerard M. Anderson: They're mix of both, Julien (sic) [Jonathan] (00:39:50). So, in some cases people had lined up lease rights and we have entered the build out and transfer. In other cases we did that ourselves, and will simply sign a construction agreement and then do the build out by DTE.
Gerard M. Anderson: I probably ought to go back and get the numbers before I answer, Jonathan, to give you a split. Maybe Barb could do that with you after this.
Gerard M. Anderson: So we don't see a need for another gas plant till the end of the 2020s. We'd have our next major coal retirement in the late 2020s. That's when we'd evaluate the need for the next gas plant. I think one of the things we'll watch over the next decade is how the overall system around us evolves, as we add more and more renewables and our neighboring companies do the same, we have to watch how the MISO grid evolves. And we may find we need the new gas plant out in the 2030 timeframe. We may find that investments in renewables will cover us and provide the reliability. So I think the answer is we will see. But in the meantime, we're – between now and the late 2020s, the real focus will be on renewable additions.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think the easy way to say it is that we're not modifying our 5% to 7% growth target for the company. So I think in that sense that, yes, we expect our plan to be on track.
Gerard M. Anderson: Oh, yeah, exactly. The Electric segment, we biased towards the low end of the guidance range. The gas utility is doing fine I think in a lot of places. The weather started a little mixed but has actually finished strong here in April. So the gas utility from a weather perspective is in good shape. And as I said, the two large non-utility segments are running hot to their plan. So the year looks in really good shape.
Gerard M. Anderson: So unless we get surprised by something we don't see, should be a good year. I think we're in good shape.
Gerard M. Anderson: The ROE and that were built into our numbers for the year, so it backed us up a bit. But as we said the overall plan looks fine.
Gerard M. Anderson: So the 300 megawatts that I mentioned pulling, that was the pull forward and that's a nice investment. But I guess I'd say that we aren't modifying our 2022 guidance due to that pull ahead. So it's additional investment, but when you look at it in the total scheme of the company I think the guidance we put out there for 2022, we will just stand with.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, we had a significant transmission build out in what they call the thumb part of Michigan, where most of our early wind investments came. But in Central Michigan where we are moving now with many of these investments, there doesn't appear to need to be material transmission build out, so we don't see that as a factor in timing.
Gerard M. Anderson: Look, it's all taken together. All impacts, so we have the earnings range for Electric that we had communicated and not unexpectedly if our ROE gets pushed down a tenth and the couple of the other things that were pushed back in the range a little bit.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, as I say, I don't want to overblow it. We had rate cases play out over time through the years, and we've got lot of other things in the mix, but that is as described, and that said, we're going to play out in the earnings range that we laid out there. And for the company I think, it's going to be a very positive year.
Gerard M. Anderson: No. We haven't project financed it. That's always an option down the road if we wanted to do that and our partners wanted to. And I think you know we've generally concluded it's not in our interest to break out earnings kind of line-by-line project-by-project just because we have lots of counterparties to each project and lots of interest in when a deal is signed, what did that do to your profitability on this project. And so, we're trying to balance our need to interact with counterparties with. I need to give you good information, but that's led us to give you guidance at the segment level, but not do it in detail pipe-by-pipe.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think our history with these sorts of pipes is at minimum we want to get in at our cost of capital, right. And then we push from there and our history has been that the pipes end up with returns well above utility returns as you expand them and add compression, and so on and so forth, which is why we like these investments, they've proven to be really good value creators.
Gerard M. Anderson: I think NEXUS; NEXUS has that same feel. So, let me – I'll just go to Link, Link is a little further along because it was constructed when we bought it, but it was still a young pipe. But we went through it fundamentally, because the geology that it accessed was superb, that's playing out. We've had a couple of the producers and to be honest, it's always hard when you're dealing with really good geography to figure out who it is, that's going to be pushing it hard, but we've got a couple of producers there that are just going after it, and it is accruing to our benefit. So, somebody asked earlier, how you're feeling about Link, we're feeling really good there. And we're at and beyond pro forma and they've got that firming up now years out ahead of us. So, that's been a real positive. NEXUS is earlier, but it also accesses superb geology, and I think we're going to see driller's go after that hard. In a gas environment that's long generally in the country meaning, we aren't going to be short gas, as far as anybody can tell. Drillers double down on their best geology and that's what we're seeing at Link, that's what we're seeing at Bluestone, and I think it's what we're going to see around NEXUS. They're going to concentrate their drilling in those really good geologies. And so, that's happening around NEXUS, but obviously it's earlier, but we are hearing chatter now that you get out a few years and in the drillers they're worried about pipe takeaway in the region that NEXUS access being constrained because their own drill plans there, and what they perceive other people's drill plans to be. So, it feels like the dynamics are set up in a similar way, we're just earlier with NEXUS than we are with certainly with Bluestone and also with Link.
Gerard M. Anderson: No, I'll just wrap up by thanking you all for being on the call. I do feel that as I said at the outset, we're off one quarter into a really good start in the year. And we look forward to being able to update you again down the road here. So, appreciate it. We'll talk soon.
