David Slater: Thanks, Jerry, and good morning, everyone. I will start on slide seven. Our Midstream business has had a solid first quarter, executing well across all platforms and assets. We are on track to achieve our financial targets in 2021, which include an EBITDA range of $710 million to $750 million. DTM is also committed to a world-class ESG agenda. Earlier this year we announced a net zero emissions target by 2050, making us one of the first companies in Midstream sector to announce such a goal. We intend to use every tool available to reach our sustainability targets and we believe this will evolve to become a significant business opportunity over time for DTM. Additionally, DTM is establishing a Board of Directors committed to ensuring the company operates in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. As Jerry mentioned, we are on track for midyear spin execution. Our Midstream business has been transformed over the last decade and the solid, steady and strategic transformation has positioned this segment to become the industry leader it is today. The creation of an independent Midstream C-Corp will provide the opportunity to further advance the company and create value. Now let’s turn to slide eight. The spin is on track for midyear execution. We initiated the Form 10 process with the SEC back in February. Since then we have been diligently working through the comment period and this has been going smoothly as expected. In March we held discussions with the rating agencies which went very well. We will be receiving a credit rating at the time of debt raise. The Form 10 will be public in the second quarter. We plan to hold an investor roadshow later in the second quarter as well. DTM shares are expected to start trading on a when-issued basis one week or two weeks before DTM shares begin regular way trading on the New York Stock Exchange upon closing. Finally the spin transaction will be executed midyear. As Jerry mentioned, successfully executing the spin has been made possible by the commitment and dedication of all of our employees. Thank you to our team for bringing their best energy to work each day and keeping everything on track. Now, I will turn it over to Dave Ruud to discuss DTE’s financial performance.
David Slater: Sure, Andrew. We really didn’t see a significant impact to us from an economic perspective. We did see our operational challenges probably three days or four days into that cold snap. It was primarily upstream of our facilities where we were just seeing the producer struggling to maintain their production at the wellhead. But as soon as the weather broke those volumes came back rather quickly. So from an impact to the Midstream business it was pretty modest.
David Slater: Sure. I can. Steve, I think, the big driver quarter-over-quarter is leaping and service this first quarter. Then I’d say generally across the platforms, just running modestly ahead of plan across all the platforms, there isn’t any one item that I would call out. It’s just a little modest blush across all the assets.
David Slater: Yeah. Steve, it’s really no different than I think what we have shared in the past. I mean we are looking at what I will call out, our Appalachian footprints and then our Haynesville footprint. We are sitting in really good locations in both of those basins. We are sitting in and around some of the best resource in the country. And with pipeline connections to really the best markets in the country and we are just seeing incremental activity around all those assets right now. And as you know, some of the assets have some mud lay on that [ph] give us opportunity to do incremental business. So I would expect and continue to expect to see that organic accretive growth as we fill in around those assets.
David Slater: Steve, what you will see in there is, you are going to see the past three years audited standalone financials and you will also see the first quarter of this year kind of standalone financials, and you will also see a pro forma for the full year as a kind of a standalone. So that’s what we will be in the package when it becomes public, which you will have an opportunity to look at.
David Slater: Yeah. Sure. I can take that. So as we have talked in the past in terms of what I will call our capital investment agenda is for this segment. We will be not seeing that changing at all and like as we approach the spin, we will be able to provide a little more granularity and visibility on the, what I call the DTM standalone kind of view going forward. But if I just look at this year as a -- just as a proxy, we are going to deliver strong growth this year year-over-year and actually compare us to what I will call the Midstream sector. We got sector leading growth rate this year year-over-year. So the portfolio is strong and healthy. And I look forward to talking to you in more detail about the DTM specific forward view shortly as soon as we can.
David Slater: Yeah. You are right. In the next few quarters what we see is some of the RNG projects and the benefit of some of those new RNG projects come in a little bit better for us. And so we are confident in that coming back and meeting the full year guidance.
Dave Ruud: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Let me start on slide nine to review our first quarter financial results. Total operating earnings for the quarter were $473 million. This translates into $2.44 per share. You can find a detailed breakdown of EPS by segment including our reconciliation to the GAAP reported earnings in the Appendix. I will start the review at the top of the page with our utilities. DTE Electric earnings were $208 million for the quarter. This was $114 million higher than the first quarter of 2020, primarily due to new rate implementation and colder weather in 2021. DTE Electric also experienced non-qualified benefit plan losses in the first quarter of 2020. We have since taken measures to reduce market variability in these plans so we have no longer see this variability after the second quarter of 2020. If you remember in the second quarter of 2020, the benefit plan losses reversed and were positive in that quarter. Moving on to DTE Gas, operating earnings were $169 million, $48 million higher than first quarter last year. The earnings increase was driven primarily by new rate implementation and colder weather in 2021. Let’s keep moving down the page to our Gas Storage and Pipelines business on the third row. Operating earnings for GSP were $86 million. This was $14 million higher than first quarter of 2020, driven primarily by the LEAP pipeline going in the service in the second half of 2020. On the next row you can see our Power and Industrial business segment operating earnings were $28 million. This is a $2 million decrease from first quarter of last year due to steel-related earnings offset by new RNG projects. On the next row you can see our operating earnings at our Energy Trading business were $14 million, which is consistent with first quarter earnings last year. This quarter strong performance in the Gas portfolio was offset by performance in the Power portfolio, both which occurred during the period of extremely cold weather in Texas in the first quarter. Together this positioned us a slightly positive to our expectation for the quarter. Finally, Corporate and Other was unfavorable $21 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the timing of taxes and net change in interest. Overall, DTE earned $2.44 per share in the first quarter of 2021, which is $0.78 per share higher than 2020. I’d like to note that much of this favorability versus 2020 was anticipated in our plan. However, some of the favorability is due to DTE Electric, GSP and Energy Trading performing better than planned. This is positioning us well for 2021 we should have the opportunity to further invest in O&M initiatives that can improve reliability for our customers, which will also further strengthen our financial plans for 2022 in future years. Now moving on to slide 10, I will wrap up the call and then we can open up for Q&A. In summary we feel great about our first quarter results. We are on track to continue to deliver on our long-term 5% to 7% operating EPS growth rate from our 2020 original guidance mid-point. The spin of our Midstream business is progressing as planned and we are on track for completion midyear. This separation positions DTE as a predominantly pure-play utility and established DTM as an independent gas focused Midstream Company with accretive growth opportunities. We believe this transaction unlocks significant value for investors of both companies. Our utilities continue to focus on necessary customer-focused infrastructure investments, specifically investments in clean generation and investments to improve reliability and the customer experience. The team deployed many innovative strategies to provide regulatory certainty during what continues to be a challenging time for many of our customers. This will enable DTE to maintain steady base rates through 2021. We continue to focus on maintaining solid balance sheet metrics, DTE is targeting minimal equity issuances in 2021 and we continue to have minimal equity needs in our plan besides the convertible equity units in 2022. And we have maintained our solid dividend growth with a 7% dividend increase in 2021. In closing, as we approach the spin of our Midstream business, DTE is well-positioned to deliver the premium total shareholder returns that our investors have come to expect over the past decade. With that, I thank you for joining us today and we can open up the line for questions.
Dave Ruud: Yeah. Consistent with the timing of when we are going to go out with the DTM roadshow we want to be talking about DTE guidance at that point as well. So, we -- as we come forward into a post-June, we will be coming forward with our DTE guidance post-Midstream for 2021…
Dave Ruud: Sure. Hi, Jonathan. As we look at the quarter, the majority of the upside we saw from the new rates coming in. We did see some weather differential versus last year. Was it -- it was still a little negative but it was better than last year. And also the DTE Electric that’s where we had those benefit plans that we -- you mentioned and that was about a $20 million to $25 million difference. So we had a loss last quarter. Of course, that’s going to be a gain in the second quarter of 2020 and then we have since taken all the actions to make sure we don’t see that market credibility again. As far as Gas, again in the first quarter of 2020 we had really negative weather. That’s what we were trying to come back from throughout the year. So -- and we had better weather this year and then the rest of the upside that we would see would be from the new rates coming into effect.
Dave Ruud: Yeah. On the load at Electric overall quarter-over-quarter sales were down about 2%. So we are -- our residential is -- was up versus Q1. It was up about 3%, commercial down 2% and industrial down 7%. But as we discussed before we were seeing some upside from COVID-related sales of residential and we are still seeing that right now. So our residential load in the first quarter versus what we would have thought it would have been pre-COVID was up about 5% to 7% still. Then our commercial and industrial were basically back to where we would have expected pre-COVID may be between 95% and 100% of the way back. So our residential usage continues to come in marginally better than expected with more people continue to work-from-home and we are seeing that trend continue a little longer than we thought until people go back to work.
Dave Ruud: Yeah. I think the main thing that was a little slower there was one of wind parks was scheduled to come on in the first quarter and that will be coming on now in the second quarter and that’s -- we will be catching up with the capital there.
Dave Ruud: If timing of -- just timing of projects and when they come in for the others. No. When we look at our annual plan for capital, we are still right on target, but the timing for a few of our projects is a little slower in the first quarter, but ramping up now.
Dave Ruud: Sure. Yeah. The main thing we did there is, we matched up our assets and our liabilities. So, any movement on one side will be matched on the other, and so that will take away any of the market variability that we were seeing there in the past and we limited the size of the plan a little bit too. So we are confident that we are not going to see these market movements past the second quarter of 2020, where you will see that the losses that were in the first quarter of 2020 come back in the second quarter.
Dave Ruud: Yeah. Jerry, I think that’s the right high level. When we saw the tax rate reduction in 2017, we could -- that was a 14% reduction. Now it’s looking like, what Biden saying is about a 7% increase and that could come off as about 1.5% increase we would see in rates. Also, it would improve our cash position a little bit because cash taxes would lag the book taxes. So it would improve our FFO to debt by 0.5% to a 4%. But as Jerry said, right, the key we would have to do there is continue to work on cost structure to offset the increase in rates, so it wouldn’t impact our capital plans as we continue to improve on our customer liability and clean energy transition.
Dave Ruud: All right. Yeah. We are continuing to manage our O&M and trying to keep it well below inflation and it’s one of our plans going forward. We haven’t given long-term O&M guidance on that. But it’s definitely an area where we are going to make sure that we can continue to have opportunities for increased capital and infrastructure that’s needed for our customers.
Dave Ruud: That’s right. And it’s continued to our historical development of $15 million of new net income a year. A lot of that within RNG, but also continuing to look at cogen and other opportunities within the kind of ESG space to grow that business.
Jerry Norcia: I would say it’s generally the same case, Michael, delayed six months. It will be a forward test to your result as well. We will be filing for…
Jerry Norcia: … where we have -- we are essentially offering a voluntary offset program that will be driven both by forestry products and RNG. And we may be one of the first in the country to offer that type of package to our customers and it’s a very interesting offering where for $4 a month, we can offset about 25% of your carbon footprint as a gas customer. So it’s a unique way of packaging carbon offsets through RNG, as well as forestry products to deliver a lower carbon footprint for our customers. I do see that expanding across the country, Michael. Right now most of our efforts in RNG of DTE Energy and our P&I business are focused on very gas going into the California markets, which gives us very nice returns both from renewable fuel standard, as well as the low carbon fuel standard in California. We get, as we have mentioned in prior calls, returns where we see our simple cash payback happen in three years to four years with pretty modest investments, lots of projects in the pipeline as well going forward.
Jerry Norcia: I have not seen those details yet, Michael. But we are looking for them. Most of the credits seem to be targeted at wind and solar at this point, as far as I can see, another clean sources of energy.
Jerry Norcia: What we are looking -- yeah. What we are looking at is, using favorability to really build strength for 2022. That’s our first goal. As well as investing customer centric projects in 2021 in order to make that happen. And as we get more visibility into the balance of the year then we will continue to provide you updates at our next quarterly call.
Jerry Norcia: I don’t see any limitation other than demand. So we are -- as -- if you followed our last settlement filing, where we operate 800 megawatts of incremental renewables, that makes us about 400 megawatts long. But I can tell you that we eat up those long positions pretty quickly. The demand is extremely strong right now for our voluntary renewables program. So I don’t see any limitations other than the customer demand.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I would say, just to remind everyone of our goals that DTE where we want to be net zero by 2050, 80% carbon reduction by 2040, 50% by 2030 and we are already at 30% heading into ort of 2023 timeframe. So I would say we are well advanced. I would expect that the DTE plan will accelerate over time. We are deep into conversations with the -- as an industry with the Biden administration and I think there will be some consensus we hope as to how do we all accelerate our plans, which we view as beneficial to DTE’s plan and certainly it will be beneficial to others as well. So, yet to be determined. The plans that were described during the election process are very aggressive. But we also saw -- I think we see a meeting in the mines here, perhaps, to compromise over time.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Based on the level of engagement with our industry association, I would say, it’s very high on their priority list to move forward a plan that affects climate change. So we are feeling positive that there’s a possibility to get something done. The elements that are being discussed seem quite positive as well. We are just going to need to see how this all plays out in the next several months. I think we will now probably heading into the summer and fall, while there is something to do here. But it feels positive at this point.
Jerry Norcia: We -- Steve, we haven’t broken it out between our cogen and our RNG business from a new development perspective. But if you recall, we have been landing this $15 million or more each year of new income generation at P&I. And I’d say the way to think about that is about half of it has been RNG and the other half has been cogen. That’s how we have been progressing over the last three years or four years.
Jerry Norcia: So, just as a remainder, 90% of our earnings going forward will be utility based with about 10% being non-utility. And any growth that comes from our non-utility sector will come from our two business lines, cogeneration and RNG. We don’t expect any growth from our Trading company. It’s a quite a small operation, generates anywhere from $30 million to $40 million of cash flow for us, but also provides us great market insights and to some of the non-utility businesses that we are in, cogen, as well as RNG where they help us manage some of our market positions there, as well as manage risk in and around some of our utility portfolios. So it’s a small business. We don’t expect it to grow and we will continue to run it that way.
Jerry Norcia: At -- we are primarily focused on RNG at this point in time. That’s where the investment opportunities are, and I would say, really nice returns as well from that business line. As we start to understand more, we are starting to understand a lot more about carbon capture. We will look at that as an opportunity. But that seems to be somewhat into the future at this point in time. Hydrogen again is very early, but certainly, promising. So more to come and we will see how our utilities, and perhaps, our non-utility business can play into both of those opportunities.
Jerry Norcia: I think you will also see that, if you look at our O&M performance over the last decade, we have been quite distinctive in the industry with our continuous improvement plans where we have had a very low to no O&M increases on an absolute basis.
Jerry Norcia: Well, certainly, we have got a significant effort to continue to increase our renewables position in our regulated businesses. I think, as I mentioned, we have got 900 megawatts of voluntary renewables lined up and we expect over the next five years to invest about $2 billion in regulated renewables inside our electric utility. As far as the non-utility business, our niche play has really become RNG where we see that as a very lucrative -- a lucrative renewable resource and we were a first mover in that space and continue to originate really nice projects with unlevered IRRs after-tax in the teams. And as I mentioned, simple cash paybacks of three years to four years, and we see nothing but demand growth for that product. So we are pretty excited about our position there and how it continues to grow.
Jerry Norcia: Well, right now, all of our regulated renewable investments inside our electric utility attract the regulated rate of return, 9.9% and a 50/50 debt equity structure. So it’s a -- these are very accretive projects for us and we continue to see lots of opportunity to finance these renewable projects in that manner. What we are trying to manage through the voluntary program is our customers pay a slight premium in order to make sure that there’s no impact on customer rates. So, sort of a win-win for both our customers and our investors.
Jerry Norcia: In the unregulated business, we are seeing nice returns, and as long as we continue to see those returns, we will deploy the capital. As I mentioned, the unleveraged returns after-tax are around -- are in the teens and our simple cash paybacks are three years to four years. So as long as we get that steady stream of projects with those types of parameters we will continue to invest in. And the investments are can be -- are modest. Yeah, there’s small projects, like I mentioned we are generating anywhere from $7 million to $8 million a year of new net income from our RNG and that’s building a nice level business line for us.
Jerry Norcia: We have -- I think at our last IR meeting we provided guidance for P&I business overall. And Dave Ruud, if you -- if I recall correctly, we are in the $130 million to $135 million in terms of income targets for that business in the 2024 timeframe.
Jerry Norcia: Well, I will start this way, Julien we are trying to keep our mix at 90%-10%, so we will pursue as we watch both our utilities and our non-utilities grow. We will continue to pursue RNG and do great projects and as basis we have been. Could it have become sort of more dominant and in a P&I play perhaps but I think it’s something that we will have to watch. Right now we are seeing like I mentioned a pretty even split between cogen and RNG, and that feels good to us. The cogen projects come with 15-year and 20-year agreements, which feels more like utility -- utility like type investments and capital deployment with higher returns in our utilities. And then RNG comes with really hot returns, right, and sort of shorter timeframe commitments in terms of price mixing.
Jerry Norcia: I think the 90%-10% that we put out there took into account the spin of DTM or Midstream. So as we deploy capital, the mix that we are looking at, Julien, is about $17 billion going into our utilities and about $2 billion going into P&I. So that kind of gives you a feel how we are planning -- that’s our base plan and how we plan to allocate capital right now.
Jerry Norcia: Angie, good morning. We -- our base plan is really to grow our company organically. We see that being the most accretive way to create value for our shareholders. And we have got a $17 billion plan in front of us, which we are always looking for opportunities to accelerate. And one of the reasons we are primarily focused on the organic growth around our platform, current platforms is that, you get in a book value and your shareholders get a multiple of that book value from a value perspective. So it’s the most accretive thing we can do. Having said all that, if there’s assets that could become available to us and create value for our investors, we are always open to that. But it’s certainly, Angie, not our primary focus at the point in time.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. I -- our views probably has been changed in the last couple of years and we are really focused on electric investments. I think if you look at our capital plan it’s very heavy electric both in the renewable space, as well as in wires and block renewables and wires are primarily electric investment focus right now. So if we were to do more -- we had the opportunity to deploy more capital and we were deployed in those two spaces wires and renewables -- regulated renewables.
Jerry Norcia: Yeah. Certainly, what we are seeing and we updated at last fall is that, we put our renewables growth at $2 billion over the next five years of capital deployment. I -- as we move forward, we will continue to update that number, Angie. But I will tell you I have been pleasantly surprised with this program. As soon as we have supply available it just flies off the shelf with our large industrials and commercial customers have a very strong appetite for this. And even our residential customers were signing up thousands of customers every month and we are sitting at about 30,000 customers right now on a residential level. So it seems to be a very appealing product. So more to come on that, but I do expect these investments to continue to grow. But right now we have got $2 billion in the plan as we see it.
Jerry Norcia: Sure. I will answer this question because David Slater is having some phone problems. Otherwise he would take this. But we are seeing lots of opportunities in and around the Haynesville assets and actually doing some nice small projects that are highly accretive. So David and his team have been quite successful. Nothing very large yet, but I think as we evolve that platform we have got a very significant opportunity with the fact that we were a first mover in building a 150-mile 36-inch pipeline that takes volumes in the northern part of the Haynesville to markets in the Gulf Coast, as well as the LNG export markets. So we are in discussions with various shippers to see if we can get a project off the ground there. So it’s early. But I would say encouraging because as you know expanding new pipelines can be a very economic and also accretive.
Jerry Norcia: So I would say this that you asked about RNG markets, certainly and hopefully, this is answering your question. We are using financial instruments that hedge those markets and that’s what our trading company is doing for us. So, we are taking a portfolio approach where we hedge. We also have fixed price contracts for term and then we leave some of it open to the market. So that’s the portfolio approach we are taking with RNG, both in the LCFS markets and the RFS markets.
Jerry Norcia: Certainly. We always look for length in our contracts. So that’s what we -- that’s how we approach it. We will give up a better return to get length in our contracts. But we also look for a portfolio approach.
Jerry Norcia: Well, the primary strength, as David mentioned in his comments, was driven by the fact that the LEAP pipeline, which was a brand new pipeline that came into service last August. We are starting to see the full impact of that on our financials year-over-year, because in the first quarter of last year, LEAP wasn’t -- was not in the portfolio, it was under construction. So that’s the primary lift that we got year-over-year. And then as we mentioned, we have got moderate favorability from all of our platforms and that’s what created the first quarter favorability year-over-year, those two factors. But predominantly the in-service of 150-mile 36-inch pipeline that we put into service.
Jerry Norcia: Typically, we don’t get seasonality in that business. We are getting a little extra juice from the -- all the platforms blowing a little higher than we expected. That’s likely due to -- we do -- as you know we plan conservatively and have contingency in our plans. And that’s starting to play out on that platform somewhat in addition to the LEAP pipeline, which is a big investment that came online.
Jerry Norcia: 45Q is helpful. But if you think about 45Q and LCFS in California, that starts to create a little more interesting returns. And so, I would say, that’s what we are going to need to see across the country as little more juice for these types of projects. So, otherwise, it will create a significant burden for customers that are looking to sign on. So it all really depends on do customers have to do this. And secondly, while the tax credit regimes both federal and state support. Certainly, in California, there is more -- I guess, it looks more positive than other states.
Jerry Norcia: Well, thank you, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I will just close by saying that DTE had a very successful first quarter and we are really feeling strong about the remainder of 2021 and we are busy working on putting a really successful 2022 together and beyond. So I hope everyone has a great morning and stay healthy and safe.
