Gerry Anderson: I don't think Mike Nofs will see any reason to slow down. I think he understands that we've got a lot to take care of on the energy front over the next 10 to 15 years, and that things come and go in terms of regulation, legislation, and policy. As I said, I'm not here to speak for consumers, but they've got a bunch of plans retiring in the near-term. We do also. We've been pretty visible with the older plants that are going to be coming offline. So both companies and the state will need to backfill those with investments, and this legislation is -- really recognizes that we're headed into that period. So I -- there may be people who really don't like the Clean Power plan, who say, slow down, stop, but Mike Nofs won't be one of them, nor will we.
Gerry Anderson: So the projects in that industrial portfolio are contracted, but they do roll over. So I think our average duration is seven years or so. But that means every seven years some of your assets, on average, are going to roll. But in between they don't have volume or commodity price sensitivity. So we're not worried about the balance of the portfolio. This one was a coke battery, it rolled at a time when pricing was down, and so we had to roll with the market when we re-contracted. And so that took some earnings out of that segment. But we had growth elsewhere, and we're able to -- the segment is not growing this year, but we're able to hold performance. So those are the dynamics. We don't have any other important contracts that have exposure to industrial weakness here.
Gerry Anderson: I guess I would say, I don't think implementation of the legislation, if you were to try to draw a direct link between that an earnings, there really isn't one. The legislation was targeted at two things, one is, if we're going to remake our generation infrastructure we should have a good planning process for doing that. So the legislation focuses on an IRP process. And having a process where variety parties can get their oar in the water, to talk about what the mix of generation should be. And I still think we need to do that. The second what was really focused on, fairness, which was around retail open access. If we're going to be investing in generation, everybody should participate economically in those investments. So that's a fairness question. But if you try to move from those two things, a good planning process and fairness, to our earnings, there really isn't a link between the two. We think the legislation is important to have a really well-defined and fair process for moving forward. But we're going to move on with the distribution investments, and the power plant retirements, and so forth either way. We really have to. Some of these power plants are just old. I'll give you an example. We got one I can see from where we're doing the call here that just had a major component failure. That unit is not going to run. And we think it's highly likely. And the reason is it's just old enough and marginal enough that we've got to move on. And so we've got numerous assets in that sort of position, where we really are evaluating just how much longer it makes sense to invest versus move on. And some of the plants that are from the '50s and '60s, it's time to move on. So what I said earlier, that I don't see the early years of the clear power plant, maybe the first half of it being affected much, that's why. Now when you move out into the later years, closer to 2027, 2030, then you start to get into some of our larger, somewhat newer assets. They could be affected. But I'll tell you, there's a lot to happen between now and then. So there's continued action on NOx, and mercury, and other fronts, water, that will be thrown into the mix in terms of how we evaluate those plants and their life. So I think it's really early to talk too much about what this stay might mean for our -- both our earnings, and really for the Clean Power plan, because it's very possible that they'll send it down to have a couple of specific issues reconsidered or reconfigured. The EPA will address those, and then things move on. Or it could be more fundamental than that. And we really don't know right now. So hopefully I gave you some help in the way we're thinking about it.
Gerry Anderson: [Technical difficulty] I'll address both. So I think we previously have talked, and I mentioned earlier that it, particularly in the distribution side of the electric utility, there's a lot of demand for investment there. So we've got the 6.5 billion in our base plan. I said that if you look at the fundamentals of the aging of that infrastructure, and the reliability needs, the constraining factor is not how much demand there is for investment. There's a lot of investment needed. So we're really metering that tide to customer affordability. And that has not changed since we talked about it at the analyst day in the fall, it's very much the same picture. On the mid stream side nothing has changed in terms of -- if you look out over the five-year period, what we think is going to happen in the Marcellus and Utica regions, and the amount of activity there. I mentioned, the gas sector is very, very different from the power sector. Put gas wells in the ground, and a year later the average decline is 15%. So you've just got to continually drill in order to meet the growing demand for natural gas. And in doing that, I think one of the message we've seen out of the stress in the E&P sector, is that it needs to rationalize, and people are going to rationalize it to the very best drilling locations. And I'm not blowing smoke when I say that the Susquehanna County, and the Marcellus, and the area of the Utica that NEXUS serves are the very best dry gas geology in the country. And so through simple common sense you come back to say and that these are going to be very high activity areas over the next five years. And so our continued sense that NEXUS is a good project, and that there'll be more development and expansion of Millennium are tied to those factors. Now in the very near-term, this year, does the E&P sector need to work some things out, obviously. We're watching that closely, we're managing it. But I think long-term fundamentals you get down the road the number of years, this will be in the rearview mirror.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, that -- and now I guess the last question is this, there was no change in plan or need. We've just got the base case shown here. But I think it was in the analyst day, we showed that if you talk about what's in our plan, at 6.5, you talk about what we look at as fundamental demand for renewed infrastructure, it's more like 10.5. And how we walk between those two really has to do with demands of customers for reliability versus affordability. And what we've got in the base plan, the 6.5, we think is a good walk between the two. The makes sense or answers the question, I think it gets at where you were asking.
Gerry Anderson: Yes, Peter, you might want to just take the topic of bonus, and the way it impacts us as a company. Because it's a little different from the way it may impact some other companies. I'll let Peter answer that, and see if it gets at your question. If it doesn't we'll pick it up from there.
Gerry Anderson: And then I think more broadly your take is right, that given our combination of our tax position and equity issuance, when your bonus does affect growth in the utility some because it's effectively zero return cost to capital. But it's very minimal impact on EPS, given the dilution offset we have. So it doesn't turn out for us to be a material factor.
Gerry Anderson: Couple of comments, so we -- you've been watching the sector and there are obviously company stress. Now companies tend to first hold on and then try to push out assets that they really don't want. They really don't want them. We don't either, generally speaking. We've had some people approach us with assets of interest. I wouldn't say we're close on those. But I think we got to watch across the balance of the year as companies continue to deal with pressures. And I think there will be asset sales that result from that. Our cost to capital is much better positioned than it was year ago to look at those. So, we don't have anything built into our plan right now tied to this. We're simply signaling that the environment is pretty different than it was a year ago. We think that there are going to be assets to change hands and we're open to that if the right one comes along. That said, we're not going to do things that aren't strategic or that we don't feel good about. No sense buying things that really don't have much upside or strategic value to you. So, we are going to wait through it and we will see what comes.
Gerry Anderson: It would be pipe and potentially gathering. But I would let Jerry Norcia to comment on that as president of the union.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I think a couple of things, one it has been a very long time since our prior rate case. So there was a lot that we were addressing in the rate case directly proceeding. And that if you simply look at the pace of capital expenditure last year and projected this year and the forward test year, it's a significant spend that we have underway and we need a rate case to deal with that. So I think historically, we've tried to spread our rate cases out and have been pretty successful in doing that. Our prior case had been four years since the proceeding case. That won't be the case in the future given where things stand. We are investing in both distribution and generation at a healthy enough pace that we're going to need to be in a year, year and half.
Gerry Anderson: We did. As generally said, that given the share issuance effect the combination of two makes it a very modest impact for us. So, it's not a significant player in our plan. We are -- pulls our share issuance is down fundamentally; does have some impact in utility earnings, but the two heavily offset each other.
Gerry Anderson: Yes. The combination of that we knew going into the fourth quarter that some of the weather impact. So we did go in a bit of a lean mode in that fourth quarter so that helped the earnings out and there was also some timing taxes that played up in between years.
Gerry Anderson: That's correct. And the other as I mentioned in my speaker notes 2014 we had a really strong weather year, so we had a reinvestment plan. Lot of it took place in the fourth quarter of 2014. So you are seeing investment that occurred in 2014. And then a lean that offset, went the other way in 2015.
Gerry Anderson: We have been working the payout ratio. So we have a stated payout ratio. And what we've generally done is push it up into the middle of the payout range and it falls back to the front-end. Then we push it back up to the middle. So, that pattern is probably what you can expect in the future. You're right. We have grown earnings a bit faster than we have dividend. So, we'll keep an eye on what you suggested.
Gerry Anderson: Right, we don't see any evidence of that. And we have the chance to deal with counterparties across a lot of fronts including our utility. So generally you know when somebody is in that position, they start to dance on commitment and we are just not seeing that.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I think there was - there were -- predictably there are some parties down the retail open access side who would prefer to thing simply stay the way they are. So, there was some noise about that. I think the key to that and we are putting together I mentioned the coalition. Senator Knox is working on a coalition. I think the key is to get a business coalition that comes together and says actually these are right things to do. It's the right future direction for the state and it's fair. And I think we'll be able to put that business coalition together. So, you can probably imagine who it was saying that retail open access is fine just the way it is. It was some alternative providers and a few people that they were backing. But I do think we will be able to deal with that issue. Beyond that, there are - I would say there is some back and forth on exactly what they IRP process should look like, but I don't think that will be a holdup.
Gerry Anderson: Well, we don't really have any additional information for you. I would just say that we appreciate you being with us this morning and your support, and look forward to any follow-up questions that you have. Thanks very much for joining us. We look forward to a good 2016.
Peter Oleksiak: Let me first -- I'll first start with the bonus. And of course, I was happy to see a five-year plan. Every year we went in guessing what would happen with bonus the following year. So I was actually happy to see that. And we have looked at it and we're going to be maximizing the bonus benefits, great for customers in terms of affordability and for us as a great cash benefit. And we're in an equity-issuance mode. So actually the EPS impact is minimal on a go-forward basis. So we are down from the 800 million, to 200 million to 300 million of equity issuance. So that's how we're thinking about bonus. Also, if you compare us to other companies, we are less than others. We're already in an AMT position, and we have tax credit, some tax planning that puts us there. So our 20%, versus 35% rate gives us a little of a lower-end benefit. And also from a tax planning, we are in a position of tax NOL so the near-term benefit is also pushed out because of that.
Peter Oleksiak: That's a fair way, and if you look at the remix of the guidance from the early outlook, we did temper down the electric segment a bit because of the rate case. And the ROE, we did temper down a little bit as we refined the impact of the contracts in the power industrial segment. So that was offset by the reduced share issuance to hold us at the mid-point of the early outlook.
Peter Oleksiak: I think just to add on that to give you a perspective, the case we just filed is a billion dollar rate based increase in the final order we just received. This gives you the sense of pace of capital spend that we have over and above depreciation.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We did revise down our electric segment a bit. Just to reiterate what Gerry said there was minimal impact. I will say it's relatively small in terms of the earnings growth. But there is a bit of -- the utility growth has taken off just because of the bonus depreciation being used versus equity. But there is an offset corporately on the earnings per share. It's pretty minimal.
Peter Oleksiak: There is bonus depreciation. And for the electric segment, there was a fine tuning of the ROE that came up [technical difficulty].
Peter Oleksiak: So put differently we started talking about El Nino in July. And we knew it was a distinct possibility. So, we had plans lined up for our gas utility that if it reared its head, we would implement lean late in the fourth quarter, and we did. And it turned out -- we are glad we did. It turned out to be an incredibly warm December. We had the opposite, the flip a year before, coming off that really cold winter we invested ahead. But we invested ahead in 2014 to enable something like we ran into in 2015. And that's kind of the way we do things that we invest in stronger years to give you the flexibility to do the opposite in years when you need to. And you can do that without affecting the quality of your assets as long as you keep that even handed.
Peter Oleksiak: Well, I think if you look at the whole sector, there's quite a few that share prices have come down fundamentally and are sub investment grade. So, we're watching those. But as I said earlier, we don't -- so they are sub investment grade, but we aren't picking up in our counterparties kind of the scramble to rework timing or rework commitments. In fact on one of our pipe positions, we had credit requirements that caused them post collateral and they went ahead and did it because the position is important to them and they want to continue on. So we would be selling that to be watching our counterparties carefully. But we haven't seen any yet that have tilted into the mode where we think there's something near term.
