Gerry Anderson: Thanks, Anastasia, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for being with us, particularly those of you in the East, who may have had to fight your way through weather, to find your way to home. We are going to take you through an agenda today that's shown on Slide 4. I am going to start with a look back on our accomplishments this past year. Then I will turn and look forward to some of our growth and investment opportunities and I think we have some interesting updates for you there today. Now, I will turn it over to Peter Oleksiak, who will give you a financial update.
Gerry Anderson: Well, a couple of things. This is how we will do it, because it's frankly kind of silly to have a fully hedged transaction produce a big down and a big up or you could have a flip through a big up and big down and none of it means anything, so from an accounting perspective which is a lot clear to do it this way. In terms of the earnings level, I think what Peter was saying is, I think we had a modest loss in trading last year. We look at our earnings goals for this year. We can fully achieve that with our asset based businesses, our guidance is based on that. The growth of our asset based businesses. Frankly in the future, we would like to keep the guidance for our trading modest. What we expect to earn profits from the business over time, but I think you all could just look at those as additive cash flow to what we are doing in the other business.
Gerry Anderson: We always have been open to partnerships that were a good strategic fit, so I won't say that we are not open to or interested in that. We would be, but the current pace and level of activity around Millennium, Bluestone and our gathering in Pennsylvania and the degree of interest, the intensified interest in Nexus adds plenty in front of our team right now to execute put in place, so they are feeling a need for it to grow the business the way we talked about.
Gerry Anderson: We have not reflected any of the early year weather in our guidance. Weather can change as you move through the year across both, the electric and the gas utilities. Obviously, it's been a positive for both our gas and electric business to start the year, but we'll just watch that as the year goes on. It gives us a strong starting point and will help us offset any bumps we run into if we do.
Gerry Anderson: Well, that's a good question and I think really, we evaluate that. We haven't evaluated the mix in the past month, I'd say. As some of these things become firm, so we pull an expansion in that wasn't part of the mix previously and it becomes firm or Nexus just becomes that much clear. I think you will see us shifting the mix of to-be-determined and what we think we have locked down, but you're right, we haven't changed that since we showed it to you a few months ago. You are also right that the tenure and the feel of things have changed over the past few months. I've always said that the Gas Storage and Pipeline business, the nature of the conversations can flip on you in a hurry and people can go from, well, that's interesting, and let's talk about it too. Why can't you give me that tomorrow, and it can happen in the course of month or two, and the reason that it happens is that those companies are evaluating their capital investment plans, their strategic interests and they are evaluating the marketplace. The combination of people thinking about their strategies at year end and the incredible strain on the gas pipeline system that emerged late last year and early this year has made an awful lot of people in the industry sit up and realize that we are going to need a lot of new assets to get all this gas to market. That combined with the strength of the Utica Shale, when we are talking about Nexus, and just incredible price blow out in the Northeast when we are talking about Millennium, has got people anxious to move.
Gerry Anderson: Utica in particular, I think the results in the Susquehanna County and Pennsylvania are well-known as continuing to be very strong. Southwestern is the best spokesperson for that and it's really them and other producers who are drilling the wells, but they continue to have very good results. In the Utica, yes, I think we do continue to see strong, bullish, whatever you want to call it, results and here producers are talking about the scale of what is going to happen there and the scale is large and it will be constrained by infrastructure to get the gas to market, so they are now transitioning from evaluating the resource to believing that and now they got to get it to market. The other thing you hear them thinking about is, what market and they are clearly places that take it that are better than others. A lot of it's been taken south to this point, but the basis to Michigan and Ontario if you watched in the recent year was strong, and those are growing markets. Demand for gas in Ontario is growing same is true in Michigan, particularly as we transition our generation fleet. Then our Vector Pipeline reaches into Chicago, Wisconsin and so forth, I think there is a lot of interest in reaching those markets with Utica gas.
Gerry Anderson: We had cash flow strength in a lot of fronts this past year when you looked at it and that became clear as last year played out that the need for equity this year was going to go away, so the $300 million or so that we had planned we just took off the table and we will be able to keep our credit metrics right where we want them without issuing.
Gerry Anderson: Yes. I would say that Nexus, we have talked about as being in the new project box or in that timeframe. In some of the things that we considered possible, but not yet locked in like some of these expansions that we are beginning to see come into our window, we also get some of those in the new project development. One of the things we will do for you guys is give you an update on what we think is in the locked abound portion of these and what we've received to be in new project development. Next time around, we will give you a good, clearer delineation of those things.
Gerry Anderson: I would say a couple of things. One is that this is going to be a year, primarily for discussion of future policy. It's clear that there is a lot of thinking going on about future generation policy. I mentioned that earlier, but people also want to understand the future renewables that program is playing out in the state as of 2015 and there is diverse thinking about what the future should be. The same is true for energy efficiency, so I foresee this year principally being focused on the administration, the commission and a number of other parties trying to reach some common ground on those topics. You mentioned the choice issue. I don't think the administration or the Public Service Commission see expanded choice as a stable base to build the future of Michigan's energy infrastructure around. The Governor is pretty clear. He sees it as a free option, kind of like having the access to your fixed rate mortgage and your variable rate mortgage both, whenever you want it. It's just not reality. When you try to build an important industry around a structure that's unstable, you get bad results. I will tell you watching deregulated markets trying to deal with the stresses that emerged this year and the stresses that are coming as markets get tighter, we better watch it. Those markets are in trouble and I think an increasing number of observers believe that. I don't think Michigan has an appetite for stepping into that. For example, there's a bill that's being introduced in the House on deregulation, we see those pop up every now and then. I don't think there is serious interest in that and I don't think it'll clear.
Gerry Anderson: Just go through the last year. Last year, our economic earnings at trading were $21 million, economic earnings in cash in this business – this business over the past decade has produced about $0.5 billion in cash over the past five years, about $300 million? Yes. What we find over time is the economic earnings converge with gas one-to-one. The economic earnings this past year were $21 million. The accounting earnings were minus $3 million. We have seen the environment produce fewer opportunities. If you look back over time, our economic earnings used to be larger. It's an opportunity for us when we look at the balance of the company and see it, those utilities and non-utility business is able to support very healthy EPS growth. It's an opportunity for us to take trading down to a zero level, not premise our earnings growth on it and essentially say to you, hey, if it produces some upside in the coming year, it's great. We don't intend for it to be a big piece of the picture. As I said a couple of percent, and that's kind of the way we would like to posture it heading forward.
Gerry Anderson: It will be over time in line with the economic earnings with the recent years have been in that $20 million range.
Gerry Anderson: $20 million to $25 million, but how that comes into and out of accounting varies because of the accounting rules, so, I think what we are really looking to do is take the up and down noise out of that, give you, I guess, it's right to say conservative guidance there, because we don't want your perception of our earnings hinging on that. We would like it to be focused on the utilities and our non-utility businesses if we get some earnings contribution from trading grade.
Gerry Anderson: We have got it modeled in our five-year plan now and it's not pressuring our equity. In fact, these businesses tend to be strong contributors to your FFO to debt. They throw off a lot of cash, so they have a – they improve your credit metrics as you build them out, as long as you do it well, but our projects in this area have been credit strengtheners in recent years. In terms of MLP, we have said pretty consistently that we don't think we have the scale right now. We haves got a lot of growth out in front of us. We don't want to be pursuing growth or get into the pursuit of growth or acquisitions to feed an MLP. They may come when we have accumulated the scale that alternative structure would make sense. I think what we see in the near-term is pursuit of what we think is a good slate of organic growth opportunities that should have that business growing at a 15% plus clip. Then, over time as we watch the scale, we'll ask the question again.
Gerry Anderson: No. There's nothing fundamental in the project accounts. If they changed it, it may be just the way they were categorized or aggregated. Anastasia is nodding her head.
Gerry Anderson: Okay. On Millennium, I think we always thought there would be expansions, multiple expansions and those are included in the solid colors on the following slide, but I think both the pace and the potential scale of those expansions may play out to be larger than we thought and there maybe follow-on expansions that could come after that. The other thing I would say is that, the gathering around Bluestone, it's grown quickly this past year. We have made major investments there, we will again this year, but it's clear that the scale and pace of what Southwestern is pursuing there is ramping up. It's a great resource for them and we are partner for them there, so we are very focused on doing well for them and continuing to grow there. Then, Nexus, we have always said Nexus is kind of the next platform that would play out at the end of the five-year period. As I have tried to make clear, we have always felt good about it, because the fundamental seemed right to us but it has been a real strong uptick in perception from counterparties over the past couple of months.
Gerry Anderson: Well, I would just like to reiterate that we feel we had a really good year this past year and I come into 2014 with a high degree of confidence that we can deliver you another good year. We look forward to keeping you abreast of developments as things emerge this year. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing you all out on the road. Take care.
Peter Oleksiak: Jonathan, yes. This is how we will be presenting it in the future. As we move more to these physical type of deals, derivative accounting treatments will be occurring on these type of deals, so you will see this going forward.
Peter Oleksiak: This is Peter. The reduction actually is a combination of continuous improvement in our environmental capital spend as well as timing related to that. And I'd say that plus our strength in the operating cash flow actually is really a key enabler and us be able to take the equity issuance down to zero.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. We targeted in our operating groups in our planning cycle for flat O&M, so we take the reinvestment as incremental. We take that off when we do our planning for the following year. Right now, we are planning on flat O&M. Now, having said that, for instance, we have a strong start here and the weather and we know there's a lot of the year left, but that continues on. We will take some of that and reinvest that back into our utilities. We really are focused on keeping our utilities strong for the long-term, so both utilities are in a stay-out, so I don't from a rate proceeding and we would like to take that opportunity where we can to take extra revenue and put it back into our core assets from those utilities.
Peter Oleksiak: Between the two utilities combined, it's now $50 million pre-tax, so it's roughly, call it around, $20 million at our Gas Utility, $30 million at the Electric Utility.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes. For 2014, the pension accounts capability was roughly $15 million. We have baked that into guidance. That is; one, if you look at the DTE Electric guidance versus pre-outlook we have increased guidance and its related to the discount rate change.
Peter Oleksiak: Yeah. Slide 18, kind of lays it out, reduced emissions fuel, what we've been seeing for the last several years, it's been $60 million now we are saying $70 million and the renewable energy is at a $35 million and the renewable energy is at a $35 million target for 2018.
