David E. Meador: Thanks, Nick. Let me wrap up on Slide 18. 2011 is shaping up to be another good year for DTE Energy, which is allowing us again to deliver on the commitments that we've made to you. The solid year-to-date results and increased certainty around Detroit Edison, we're narrowing our guidance range for the year and moving the midpoint to $3.60 per share. We continue to make investments, as Nick outlined in this capital schedules, necessary to drive our long-term growth. And we look forward to sharing our future plans with you in more details next week at EEI. Gerry and I are scheduled to deliver our presentation at 9:45 on Tuesday morning, and we look forward to seeing many of you there next week. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
David E. Meador: We'll lay out our 2012 and future growth plans next week, but we're still confident that we can grow 5% to 6% off the base of the original midpoint of this year. So if you took $3.55 forward, we're comfortable with everything that we see right now in the portfolio businesses, in addition to what we can do at Detroit Edison to hit that objective.
David E. Meador: Sure. Our sense, first of all, as I mentioned, that our rate proceedings will become much simpler with the removal of many of these trackers. And our general approach and philosophy is to stay out of rate cases as long as possible. As you know, we're very sensitive to the impact of rate increases on our customers, so we do everything we can do including ongoing continuous improvement to stay out of rate cases. That said, we are going to be looking for example at the Gas business, with what you see across the country is the majority of what's happening on rates there is related to infrastructure investments. And it's pretty common to have infrastructure-related trackers for gas LDCs and that's something we're very interested in at MichCon, which would allow us even to stay out of rate cases even further. But for the most part at Detroit Edison, I think what you're going to get to over time is it's going to be assets placed in service is going to be the primary issue that we'll be covering off in these rate cases and that's pretty routine for us. We don't have disallowances, and as you know, most of the capital here is mandated capital.
David E. Meador: No. We're comfortable with where that is set. And then just as a reminder, as we go into the heating season, we do have a bad debt tracker at MichCon for the gas LDC.
David E. Meador: Yes. Because my sense is we have some new PowerPoint slides that we'll be talking off of that'll make it a lot easier to do than I could do here, but we're going to outline for you where we are on the existing machines and the host siting construction process and then also how we see that ramping up in 2012 and 2013. So we'll lay that out in a fair amount of detail next week. So the PowerPoints will be out first thing Monday morning.
David E. Meador: Well, it sounds like we don't have any other questions on the quarter. As you know, we're pleased with where we are in the quarter and for the year, and we're happy that we could tighten the guidance and raise that midpoint $0.05. And we do look forward to seeing everyone next week. We've -- we're booked pretty solid both days and if you're not scheduled for a 1-on-1 and you have time to come to our presentation on Tuesday morning, that would be great, because as we just mentioned with Paul, we're going to be laying out in more detail how we see the businesses growing over the next several years, including some new detail on the REF business line and an update on the Bluestone Project. But thanks for joining us and we'll see you next week.
