Peter Oleksiak: Yes, we have announced three projects this year. And this quarter, we announced the details that we’ve been talking about this Industrial Energy services project with the Ford complex. So this is real visible sign that we are right now one third of the way there in terms of backfill. We are targeting at this point $40 million to backfill for 2020, which is a good portion, a portion of the REF of earnings, REF on short duration contracts. So we have asked Power and Industrial segment to backfill a portion of that with long term contracted earnings. And we have also have a great pipeline of additional opportunities that we’re looking at. And at EEI we’re actually going to go into little more detail in the nature of these types of opportunities.
Peter Oleksiak: We are seeing for us the best indication of the underlying economic growth as we take a look at customer accounts within the region. So we are seeing a steady increase. We have seen a steady increase by last five or six years of about 0.5%. And I would say, overall, the Michigan economy has been diversifying over the years, and I think it's a very solid and we continue to see solid performance. And for the automotives, the automotives, right now, they are at a pretty high level of 18 million units, now they are talking about 16 million units, which still is a good level for them to make some profitability. I’d say, I’d put it more characterized it as solid economic from Michigan.
Peter Oleksiak: We’re still projecting relatively flat loads, probably underlying growth around 1%, but we continue to see energy efficiency happening and we have a really robust energy efficiency program that’s paying dividends for us, but it's relatively flat that we're planning for on a financial basis.
Peter Oleksiak: The expectation is -- there’ll be a roll up in 2020 and then 2022. These projects, this has been a great business line for us, as you know, a lot of earnings, a lot of cash. So these additional projects will, actually more than anything give us additional cash, we have a significant investment program ahead of us. But we are targeting, right now, and you will hear at EEI, we’re really targeting and end state non-REF, post REF for each of the business lines and we’ll give an update at EEI.
Peter Oleksiak: You have a green tariff and obviously we’ll continue to work, that’s definitely an area of focus for us in our commission and our customer, but we do have a program similar to that.
Peter Oleksiak: That is a good question. The REF units do provide over and above what we originally had, but it's really cash, at the end of the day for us that really going to help us the near term. But we are targeting right now post REF, basically planned, I guess, 5% to 7% growth. But I wouldn’t think about that this is additional earnings, but actually it’s good news, good additional cash. We’re going to continue to optimize this business unit, actually probably over the next year or so to continue to deliver value and cash.
Peter Oleksiak: At EEI, we definitely will provide a more thorough update around NEXUS, how we’re seeing about that. We’ll also probably give you a sense around where we are in terms of looking at the potential opportunities out there in terms of contracts and new contracts.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, the way to think about it is, is that and we do get the AFUDC accounting, we have talked about that. So it is pretty minor for '18 impact.
Peter Oleksiak: It is all REF and we’ve had two guidance changes. The first one was related to REF as well, which was really more volume and capacity really good planned performance at existing sites. And this is related to new incremental units that we have.
Peter Oleksiak: The way to think about this, from a normalized basis, is to go back to your original guidance for that segment, that’s a best way at this point…
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct, Jonathan. It's really going to giving you the details of this exciting new projects that we’re…
Peter Oleksiak: That is correct. And we’ll give more update around the nature of these new opportunities and how we’re looking for at the segment. 
Peter Oleksiak: We actually internally, we do track that we are on target right now with the backfill. I think that we have a few years for the backfill to occur. This segment overall is 70 projects. So we knew this is going to be a handful of projects replacing the portion of REF that we’re access P&I L segment to replace. So on a pro rata basis, actually they are doing really good right now with the projects that we executed as well as those that are in the pipeline.
Peter Oleksiak: The 70 that number is actually the current number of projects that we have, but I gave that just to give you a prospective that we have a lot of projects. So the replacing of REF will not happen with maybe one or two, it will be a handful by half of dozen on projects will replace the amount of REF that we’ve asked these business units to replace.
Peter Oleksiak: All these opportunities that we kind of [indiscernible], those are the two areas right now that we're looking at. It’s hard to say which ones will come from one segment or the other at the end of the day, but both of them. And this is one area in particular that we’ll talk about a little more detail at EEI to give you the sense of the nature of these types of opportunities.
Peter Oleksiak: This is really -- they are going through like allow the automotives, and then Ford particular has gone through how do they set themselves up for the future. So they are redesigning and then upgrading their campus, this research engineering center was one in particular. And they wanted to have renewable on green power there and they partnered with us. So it is a special one type of project, but we do have a great relationship with Ford, as you mentioned.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, onsite energy, we provide the onsite power chilled water utility type of services at the assembly plans. But this one would be in a newly constructed on their campus, really and their engineering center.
Peter Oleksiak: Yes, definitely we’ll clarify it. These projects generate tax credit, that’s really where the value of these tax credits. Those tax credits are needed for us and we can utilize that in the future for tax cash out of it. When we look at our cash position right now in terms of our taxes, it makes sense for us for some of these projects to enter into partnerships where we essentially sell a pro rata piece of that partnership and the credits. That’s really, for us, is the timing of this and we are in the process now of looking for some partners for these units. So in the meantime, we’re enjoying some really good earnings around these projects. But we will be entering some partnerships. So it’s really an earnings full cash trade. So you’ll see this in this segment probably over the next say year or two if there’s additional relocations we may do, you may see a temporary bump in earnings related to tax credits. But as we maximize cash and value down a bit on those up.
Peter Oleksiak: Right, as we determine out the cash now, and we have a significant investment portfolio ahead of us, so this is definitely is the cash is needed now to help fund that.
Peter Oleksiak: The way to think about this segment, overall, as you look back at the original guidance of segment, which was roughly about $95 million. So once we get through a lot of this, the partnership monetization in getting the cash out will get back to a normalized REF. These units are going to be throwing up addition cash and some remains for us over the next few years. But you can think about it by looking back at the original guidance, that’s a best way to do it.
Peter Oleksiak: We haven’t disclosed that amount at this point in time. But once again, it is a great investment for us and part of that overall backfill strategy for our REF units.
Peter Oleksiak: It’s a significant onsite projects for us with the new engineering. We have additional opportunities with similar type of financial projects with other type of customers. But this one really is a standalone type of project, and once again we’re very excited to be working with Ford on this one.
Peter Oleksiak: We will give a description of this area a little bit more and the nature of potential opportunities, additional opportunities in this area that we’ll provide that at EEI.
Peter Oleksiak: It's really selling at the earnings stream. We do, right now, do have deferred balance on our balance sheet and that’s reasonable on why as we periodically we take a look at this and see what's the cash value to us in the future and tax benefits versus monetizing and getting into a partnership.
Peter Oleksiak: We really don’t give that type of disclosure. But I can tell you that this segment overall supported by 70 projects. This segment for last 20 years it is a series of a lot of different projects they basically come and go. Currently, at the moment, a good majority of the earnings right now is related to the REF projects, and that’s one of the reasons why we have a backfill strategy. So we’ve asked -- we get these real short-term duration earnings, a portion of that we’re going to have with P&I segment to at the backfill. But my short answer is the majority of the earnings at this point in time is that REF and we’re very excited in terms of the new projects and really terming out those short-term earnings in terms of long-term contracted earnings.
Peter Oleksiak: The original guidance, we did have the 11 and this is either really related. So we had two incremental essentially projects come online. One of them was relocation and we potentially, may continue to do that over the near-term. The other one was an acquisition. So they both were in, what this is related to the timing of getting into these partnerships. So we're recognizing now and benefiting from the tax credit earnings. And when we get into partnerships, we’ll be benefiting from the near-term cash flow stream.
Peter Oleksiak: And we just -- I know we have -- I don’t think we have it in our current presentation. But if you go back to the original guidance that’s the project, it really normalizes for weather at both of our utilities as well as for the REF. We’ll be giving you an update here at EEI in terms of our growth rate projection and how to think about that going forward. But for now, the best way to think about is our original guidance.
Peter Oleksiak: Thank you everybody for joining us this morning. And I definitely look forward to seeing a number of you here at EEI in couple of weeks. And once again, I think we have a really good message to tell and we’ll give you the updates, as I mentioned earlier. Until then, have a good rest of the day.
