Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2009 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $136 million, or $1.68 per share, a per share increase of 14% from a year ago. Net income was $155 million, or $1.91 per share, a 40% increase from $1.36 a year ago. For the year, net operating income was $526 million, or $6.41 a share, a per share increase of 7% over 2009. Net income per share for the year grew 29% to $6.30. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.8% and our book value per share was $49.03, an 11% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 22% for the year to $49.86 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue excluding United Investors grew 4% to $415 million and life-underwriting margin increased 5% to $115 million. Life net sales declined 5% in the quarter to 77 million, but finished the year up 1% at $330 million. Life first-year collected premiums were up 1% for the quarter and 9% for the full year. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $144 million and life-underwriting margin was up 12% to $48 million. Net life sales declined 7% for the quarter to 33 million, but grew 8% for the full year. On the last call, I mentioned several actions being taken to renew our growth in producing agents and sales at American Income. These initiatives are progressing and we should begin to see a turnaround in the first quarter. We have, however, reduced our growth expectations for new sales to the mid-single-digit range for 2011 at American Income. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $138 million while life underwriting margin was down 4% to $34 million. Net life sales were up 1% for the quarter to $31 million and grew 4% for the full year. With the difficult economic conditions, I’m pleased with the 4% sales growth in 2010 at Globe Life. Barring another significant turndown in the economy, we now expect improved sales growth in 2011 in the 8% to 10% range. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 1% to $73 million and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $17 million. Net life sales declined 11% to $10.8 million for the quarter and were down 19% for the full year to $45 million. Much effort was given during 2010 to improve the underwriting margins at Liberty National. In addition to improving our persistency, significant rate increases were implemented during the fourth quarter on the life insurance portfolio. We also closed or consolidated a number of unprofitable offices during the year. While these changes were necessary, they did adversely affect our new sales. The negative impact of these changes are mostly behind us and we fully expect to see double-digit growth in our life sales at Liberty National in 2011. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 6% to $188 million, while health underwriting margin grew 3% to $35 million. Health net sales declined 49% for the quarter to $20 million and were down 33% for the full year. Most of the decline in health sales was in our Group Medicare Supplement business, which had an extremely strong fourth quarter of 2009. Also, the new business generated from Medicare Advantage disenrollees was disappointing, as 86% of those people dis-enrolled chose to re-enroll in another Medicare Advantage plan. After several years of decline, we now believe our health sales have hit bottom, and we expect to see single-digit growth in new health sales for 2011. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $51 million for the quarter, a 15% increase. And the underwriting margin was $8.5 million, up 48%. For the full year, revenues were up 14% to $209 million, and underwriting margin increased 15% to $24 million. Administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, an 11% increase, but rose 3.5% for the full year to $156 million. For 2011, we expect administrative expenses to increase in the 1% to 2% range. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, for his comments.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2011, we are affirming the guidance we provided on the last call of expected earnings per share in the range of $6.75 to $7.10. This guidance assumes we spend between $600 million and $650 million on share repurchase for the year. I will also remind everyone that we expect the sale of UILIC United Investors to dilute 2011 earnings per share by about $0.05, followed by accretion of $0.10 to $0.20 per share next year with additional accretion in subsequent years. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I think, I do believe it’s a short-term. We did see rapid growth over the last three years in our agent recruiting and our sales as a result of the downturn in the economy. That’s kind of flattened out and now the unemployment rate is starting to come down, as I’ve mentioned the number of new resumes out there have started to come down a bit so it’s a little bit tougher environment than it was a couple of years ago, but there’s still no reason we can’t renew that growth this year.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: All right. I’ll leave it there, thank you.
Mark McAndrew: Well, overall I don’t think there’s any particular trends there. We have some fluctuations there, so we did have a little higher than normal claims, but for the full year, the margins were about what they were in 2009 and we expect similar margins in 2011, so I think it was just an abnormal quarter.
Mark McAndrew: Well, Jeff, again, this is kind of a first round of disenrollments, and there were other Medicare advantage options available to people in these areas. Now, if – yeah, I think there is a big question mark right now especially with the change in the control of the House, will the cuts that were proposed previously continue over the next three, four, five years? If they do, you’ll see the disenrollment accelerate and you’ll see fewer options for people to move to, but I think it’s a big question mark. We’re not really projecting any significant growth there and really, right now, I don’t think anybody really knows what the future of that is. We’ll just have to kind of wait and see.
Mark McAndrew: Most of our new sales other than a group tend to be people turning 65, but again, there again, our new individual sales have declined to the point, it’s not a significant amount and we did – we do pick up some people who are disenrolling from the Medicare Advantage plans, but you don’t see a lot of replacement of business of other Medicare Supplement business.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well first off, our Part D sales were less than what they were a year ago, primarily in our Group side and we did lose a little, the auto enroll business we have. So, right now, we’re expecting our Part D revenue next year to be down a little bit in the probably 7% range. Margins maybe slightly less than what they were this year, although they were surprisingly strong because of the volume of rebates that we received. So, we expect – in our guidance, we’re expecting about a 7% decline in our Part D for next year. On the M&A side, in the guidance we’re assuming we’re using that cash for share repurchase, but we are actively looking at what’s out there in the acquisition, as an acquisition candidate. There are some companies out there that are attractive to us, and the timing of something like that is hard to say. We don’t feel pressure to make an acquisition, but it’s something we’re definitely going to be looking hard at this year, although we’re still – we’re in a good position to make an acquisition in addition to buying back shares, so I wouldn’t expect to use all of that cash in an acquisition, but I think the chances of an acquisition coming along this year are much better than the last two or three.
Mark McAndrew: Well, overall, the margins are improving at Liberty National. Again, we made some changes. We saw some negative changes in our persistency a couple of years ago that we had to react to and now that persistency has improved, which results in the lower amortization. So, we expect – overall we expect the margins for 2011 to be roughly what they were for the full-year 2010. But again, we’re continuing to – we raise the rates on the products that we’re raising. The new business we’re writing going forward, definitely has a better margin than what we’ve written in the last couple years.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, I think I’ve said on the last call, some of the response rates we saw a decline in the summer of last year did come back somewhat from where they were in the summer, which impacted our sales the second half of the year. But we’ve really – we continue to test and we’ve continued to find ways to be better. And again, just our response rates just pretty much hold where they’re at with the additional things that we’re pursuing we think that growth is very achievable. Part of it, we’re exploring ways to better underwrite our products, which will add margin, which will have a positive impact on our mortality, which will allow us to expand our distribution. But there’s a number of different things. There’s a number of different pieces to that that cause us to have that optimism.
Mark McAndrew: Well, it just comes down to even – prior to that, the margins on the business at Liberty National were the lowest of any of our life distribution. And they had been deteriorating particularly. We have a lot of fixed expenses at Liberty National even though we’ve been managing those pretty effectively. The margins we just felt weren’t acceptable and we felt the need to increase the rates to offset those.
Mark McAndrew: Well, it was mostly. The reason for the increases were basically just a rise in our acquisition expenses. Although it is something we are taking a look at now and we will make a decision before the end of the first quarter as to whether or not we’re going to change our interest rate assumptions for 2011. We don’t – we figured it both ways. We don’t expect it to have a material impact on 2011 results regardless of what we do, so it is something we’re looking very hard at, we will make a decision on our interest rate crediting before the end of the first quarter.
Mark McAndrew: Well, the decline in the margin is really still that underage 65 health insurance block and it’s really the lapse rates are continuing to be high on that, and so we’ve had to increase the amortization of the DAC. For 2011, we may see a slight decline in that margin but –
Mark McAndrew: That is part of it, but again, as I mentioned, Bob, with all the fixed costs that we have there – as Liberty sales have declined, it has raised our overall acquisition costs, so it was something we felt necessary. The increase in acquisition costs was a big contributing factor.
Mark McAndrew: Well, we’ve passed them through. Obviously, it’s something we we’ll give a good look at, Bob, but I can’t imagine – sales would have to come up significantly and persistency continue to improve before we take a look at repricing them back downward.
Mark McAndrew: Yes, there was on Part D. We were a little surprised. Most of that increase are rebates that we received based upon 2009 results, but we just finally settled up with our pharmacy benefits manager in the fourth quarter from the prior year, and also, we settle up with CMS for the 2009 results, and both of those were more favorable than what we had anticipated, so the 2010 experience, again, we won’t really have final numbers until late this year, but we don’t expect quite as good of total rebates as what we received in 2009, but again, it will be later this year before we know the exact numbers.
Mark McAndrew: That’s a possibility. Yes. If that comes on the market, it’s something we would at least definitely take a hard look at, Bob.
Mark McAndrew: But at Liberty, we still think we can achieve something in excess of 10% growth in life sales there because we do have easier comparisons.
Mark McAndrew: Well, John, yeah. I mean, it’s obviously something we’ve considered. In fact, we’ve talked with most of our larger shareholders about their preference.
Mark McAndrew: And basically, their attitude is they would prefer to use share repurchase. We feel like we’re returning the money to our shareholders.
Mark McAndrew: The thing about a cash dividend is it’s very hard to reduce, and we have been increasing our dividend every year for the last few years and we intend to continue that, but again, we would like to – we want to be able to pursue acquisitions and if we get committed to too big of a cash dividend, I would hate to have to cut that at some point in the future in order to make an acquisition, or to – and to be quite honest, the bulk of our long-term shareholders prefer the share repurchase.
Mark McAndrew: Collin, I don’t see any major changes in our product portfolio. Again, we’re going to continue selling basic protection products, barring an acquisition that we might get into another product line. We are looking into the possibility of – with some of our captive sales force, the possibility of selling some other products that we may not necessarily feel comfortable taking the risk on, but we do have a significant captive sales force there that there is the possibility we may offer some other company’s products that don’t directly compete with our own, but we don’t envision any major new product lines.
Mark McAndrew: It’s possible it could be either, but I would be thinking more insurance-type products and lines that we’re not in.
Gary Coleman: Well, Steven, we’re so far through the first quarter, we’ve invested a little over 6%, which is quite an improvement over the 5.8% in the fourth quarter, and 5.5% in the third quarter, but we haven’t gotten back up toward the 6.5%, 7% range, but 6% is quite an improvement.
Gary Coleman: Well, when I mentioned that on the last call, I said that that’s the way we had done our guidance with that kind of assumption, we’ve got – that money is going to be coming up March 15th, but as I mentioned, we’ve already spent $74 million on share repurchases in 2011 to-date. You can continue to buy more. We have no set time. When we’re going to buy those shares, we’re really buying when it’s an opportune time. Until that money comes up, if we need to, we can use our short-term line for just a short period of time, but we’re not really pinpointing that we’re going to spend that money at a certain point in time.
Gary Coleman: Well, let’s break it into two pieces. The dividends just related to our normal statutory operations this year are going to be right around $470 million. That $470 million will be spread evenly throughout the year. The $305 million that’s related to United Investor sale, that will probably come up, as I mentioned, in mid-March.
Gary Coleman: No, we would still be above it because at around 410% level we would have 350 million of excess capital.
