Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, net operating income from continuing operations was $133 million, or $1.08 per share, a per share increase of 6% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $124 million or $1.01 per share, also a 6% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities that amortized cost, our return on equity as of March 31, was 14.5% and our book value per share was $30.65, an 8% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $35.72, a decline of 6% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $544 million, while life underwriting margins was $144 million, up 2% from a year ago. Growth and underwriting margin lagged premium growth, due to higher claims, primarily in direct response. For the full-year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase 2% to 4% over 2015. Net life sales were $104 million flat compared to the year-ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $236 million and health underwriting margin was $52 million approximately the same as a year ago. For the full-year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow 1% to 2%. Health sales declined 1% to $32 million due to the decline in group sales. Individual health sales were up 1% to $28 million. Administrative expenses were $48 million for the quarter, up 5% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. The primary reasons for the increase in administrative expenses are higher information technology costs. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.2% same as a year ago. For the full-year, we anticipate administrative expenses will also be around 6.2% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I would say we do not anticipate that we are changing our buyback assumptions. And I think what I really had attempted to indicate was that even with the level of downgrades that we've had, we don't see a significant downgrades coming in the future. We think that between the excess proceeds that we have from the debt offering and our other sources that we will be able to fund whatever capital needs we need without having the impact to share buybacks. So we would get into them at 320, we're fairly comfortable with that number.
Gary Coleman: I would add that - what Frank was describing, where we are now, we could maybe need $60 million of capital to get to the 325%. We can - the point is we could easily do that with money that we have on hand. We don't expect significant further downgrades, but to the extent that happens, we still think we can cover that without - drawback program. One thing that Frank mentioned is that we're going to free up $70 million of capital in the next few years from Part D. That will go a long way toward helping, if there is any kind of capital shortage. The main thing is we don't want to put the money down on the insurance companies, unless we - until we determine we need to because once it's down there, and let's say bonds get upgraded and all of a sudden we have excess capital, it's difficult to get that excess capital back out because we have to go through the extraordinary dividend process with the states. So we think the best use of capital right now is to monitor it. We've got the cash available to cover any shortfall at this point. And we've got additional capital being freed up in the next two years, so if we get down the road and there is a sizable hole there, we'll fill it, but we're not at that point now. We would rather keep the money in the holding company until, until that time comes.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I think we're comfortable holding on to them for - mentioned several reasons earlier, but oil prices are up significantly over where they were at the end of the year and expectations are that there will be higher going forward. So we are buying hold and we don't see a need to sell any of them.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'll now go over the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $213 million and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $69 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 7% due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average agent count for the first quarter was 6,206, down 2% over a year-ago and down 6% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 6,225. We expect 5% to 7% life sales growth for the full-year 2016. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $200 million. Life underwriting margin declined 13% to $37 million. Net life sales were down 8% to $41 million due primarily to decreases in circulation. We expect life sales to be flat to down 3% for the full-year 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million, approximately the same as the year ago quarter. On life underwriting margin was $18 million, up 6%. Net life sales increased 11% to $9 million. On net health sales increased 19% to $5 million. The sales increases were driven primarily by improvements in agent productivity, recruiting and retention. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,542, up 5% from a year ago and flat compared to the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,711. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 7% to 9% for the full-year 2016. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 5% to 7% for the full-year 2016. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $57 million. Our health underwriting margin increased 8% to $12 million. Health net sales were down 9% to $11 million due primarily to reduced agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 827, up 5% from a year ago but down 6% from the fourth quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 881. We expect health sales growth to be in a range from 2% to 6% for the full-year 2016. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 6% to $88 million. Net health sales were $12 million, down 2% compared to the year-ago quarter. Individual sales grew 2% to $9 million. Our group sales declined 10% to $3 million. For the full-year 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 9% to 11%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Yes, Bob we don't see significant further downgrades for one thing that oil price is building up over $40 a year is helpful to the bonds in our portfolio. And we’ve seen - I think I mentioned it, market base improved, generalized gains improved, excuse me unrealized losses improved by $37 million in the quarter. It improved even further since then. It's improved by another $52 million since the end of the first quarter, so we - all along we felt comfortable with the bonds the bonds. We feel even more comfortable with it now.
Larry Hutchison: Talk about globe first, direct response. We are going to see circulation volume continue to decline in 2016 as we adjust our marketing efforts to maximize sales and profits. Currently we're expecting about a 20% decrease in circulation volume for 2016. In terms of inquiries, we think we’ll see 1% to 3% increase in inquiries in electronic media. And we should see a 15% to 20% decline in inquiries in that media. With respect to this agency operation, we are expecting agency growth in all three agencies, projected growth at the end of the year. We think we'll have an ending agent count of American income of about 6600 agents to 6750 agents. Liberty national will have an increase in agents from 1625 to 1725 agents and Family Heritage - ending agent count of 912,000 agents that’s incorporated in our updated sales guidance, which is increased at Liberty National, we will see an increase in life sales of 7% to 9%, net health sales of Liberty National should increase 5% to 7%. Our sales guidance of the American income is unchanged from last quarter. We think we’ll see a 5% to 7% increase. Family Heritage was slightly lower, to 2% to 6%, because we had slower sales and lower productivity than anticipated in the first quarter.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy I wouldn’t characterize the weakness of sales, this is intentional, we started to decrease circulation in the third and fourth quarter of last year. The decrease in sales expected in 2016 primarily a result of adjusted marketing activities to eliminate those unprofitable sales. As we’ve discussed previously, we encountered lower than expected profit margins at certain target populations where we use prescription drug data. As a result, we decreased our circulation and we decreased our mailings in profitable segments. Additionally, this year we’ll re-price segments for our new business to reflect updated mortality. We do have initiatives to increase circulation. We've tested formats, creative content to improve our response rates and conversion rates. We're working to identify new media and finally we are trying to negotiate the best possible medium print production costs to maximize our circulation, all of which we hope will have a positive impact and we get back some of the circulations proceed through 2016.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah Erik, our expectation for the full year hasn't changed at this point in time. The claims were a little bit higher in the first quarter just due to some seasonal fluctuations. But our outlook for the full year is still on that - around that 19.5% to 20% range.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's possible. If over the course of the year we determine that we would need some additional financing down at the insurance subsidiaries or additional capital before the end of the year, then we could use those proceeds to finance some of those operations.
Frank Svoboda: It's really hard to determine what it may be beyond 2016, really depends on changes in share price as well as the exercise patterns within the stock option grants that we have. At this point in time, we would anticipate that they would be in the same range as what we would see for 2016.
Frank Svoboda: There are receivables that are coming in throughout the year that the big payment from CMS will come in, in the fourth quarter of 2016. And we anticipate that being around $100 dollars for this year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, no that is largely what we're really indicating there is that, we have had obviously some downgrades in the first quarter and the latter part of last year to the extent that the oil prices do recover, that we see the possibility and the probability that eventually those bonds would be upgraded to a higher NAIC level and requiring less RBC. So depending upon what we kind of see is the short-term or the long-term nature of when we think that recovery might occur that may lead us to making the decision to temporarily target an RBC level less than that 325 in anticipation of some of those future upgrades.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. No you’re right. We've seen a little bit of that drag on the excess investment income. So where we have a little bit better of an outlook is really in our Liberty National operations. I think so we have a little bit - we've increased, if you will, where we kind of see - I think in previous guidance we had pointed that we had thought that would be, you know, the margins for the full year, you know, would be closer to 26%. Based on some of the experience and the claims activity that we're seeing there and throughout the first quarter, we're feeling a little bit better about that and see our underwriting margin may be getting closer to 27% on that particular, on that particular line. And then just maybe a little bit better outlook for American income as well, even though that's a little bit smaller. So it's really a little bit better underwriting on those two lines of business, offset by a little bit of a drag on the excess investment income.
