Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $127 million or $1.33 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $151 million or $1.58 per share, a 32% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized costs, our return on equity for 2012 was 15.5% and our book value per share was $35.24, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share grew 21% to $45.85. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $452 million and life underwriting margins increased 9% to $129 million. Net life sales increased 3% to $83 million. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D increased 13% to $203 million and health underwriting margin improved 10% to $45 million. Health sales increased 67% to $35 million. I’ll now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the insurance operations.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy on Liberty National, for the quarter we had an underwriting margin of about 29% versus 25% last year.
Gary Coleman: That was a little higher because we had a lower claim month or lower claim quarter. For the year the underwriting margin was 26% versus 22% at the last year and the primary difference there is the fact that we’ve lowered the non-DAC acquisition expenses by the changes we made in the agency system there. On a go forward basis the margin won’t be 29%, it’s going to be at the 26% or a little above the 26% range.
Gary Coleman: Paul, we still have higher expense at Liberty and have had as far as acquisition expenses -- and although that’s, we have made improvements there, it’s going to take a while for that to work through the results because of the large in-force like we have. I don’t see us getting to the 31% level, at the 27% level, 27%, 28% margin level we could get to that on a fairly soon basis.
Gary Coleman: Nothing is going wrong with the program. I think the underwriting trends you’re referring to is the use of pharmaceutical data, underwriting program, actually that decreases of sales because you think we reject more business. We have greater profits on the business and you see a decline in sales and we’re certainly seeing that comes through because we’re rejecting more business as we apply that data through the end of any process.
Gary Coleman: Paul, I think we did increase circulation, but as Larry mentioned our response rates were down, so that continue to offset the increase of circulation.
Gary Coleman: Sarah, one thing that I might add to that, we expect 10% to 14% growth at American Income. You probably won’t see that in the first quarter and may be more mid-single digit in the first quarter because of the fact that we had a very large first quarter last year and as Larry mentioned, we’ll be building up the agent count as we go through the year. So, the growth will be more towards -- starting with the second quarter on, than say, the first quarter.
Gary Coleman: Well, first it’s -- I really don’t know any margins having changed that much in terms of the impact of the increased premium. It’s more from the reduction in the acquisition cost that we could no longer defer. We’ve reduced our lead cost and we made that a sounds really SG&A. But when you look at on a year-to-date basis, this year versus last year the margins 33 versus 31, well that two points increase in margin came from the fact that we reduced those expenses from 5% of premium to 3% of premium.
Gary Coleman: At Family Heritage, we expect health sales of approximately $50 million to $53 million in 2013, and Steven that would be a growth rate of 5% to 9% for 2012. For 2013, we expect premium income to range from $195 million to $205 million. Again, we’re seeing the margins as a percentage of health premium to be about 18% to 19%.
Gary Coleman: What’s going on United American is gradually strengthening Medicare supplement sales through a general agency force. Medicare supplement is difficult to predict as you go forward there is many uncertainties around that market, because the American supplement sales declines automatically over the last five years. We think that we’ll see continued growth within Medicare supplement, but that assumes that there aren’t major political changes around the Medicare supplement arena.
Gary Coleman: Bob, we’re excited about the growth potential because as we get familiar with the leadership of Family Heritage we should see strong leadership within that agency. I think the pending uncertainty of the sales that comprehends and present for the last two years now that uncertainty has been removed as a part of Torchmark, and really focus on growing that agency. As it could then be, additional recruiting systems, additional compensation systems. I think we want to see real growth at Family Heritage. There is also geographic expansion that’s been taking place. Our building at New York we’re looking at some space down operate and so additional expansion possibilities for the Company.
Gary Coleman: Well, Bob, the reason we had to increase sales in 2012 really occurred at the end of last year when we received auto assigns from I think 20 states or 20-plus states. That all came about at one-time, that production for the most part we did have some production during the year, but the [auto sign] business really -- we get notified at the beginning of the year. And so, most of the reduction came in there and that accounted for the large production at the beginning of the year. We just at the end of the year this year, we didn’t get the auto assigns that we’ve gotten in the prior years. We’ve been able to maintain for the most part what we had gotten the year before, but we did not get new auto assigns.
Gary Coleman: Eric, if we go back five or six years ago, a lot of the premiums relative to an unlimited health benefits and it was product line as we exit in 2009, 2010, it subject to ObamaCare, more important that we just didn’t like the persistency, we didn’t like the margins for that business. So you’re seeing a little decline over the last year as that block has decreased. I think we stand about at $50 million block now which we’re seeing here is an increase around two products. So our individual Medicare supplement sales have been good over the last 18 months and we’re also seeing the addition of Family Heritage which substantially changes our health and insurance sales.
Gary Coleman: John, we’re looking at margin of between 10% and 11% for next year. One of the problems with the Part D is that the clients do not come in evenly throughout the year and so from quarter-to-quarter, you’ll see some fluctuations, but we’ve priced the product around 2.5% level and that’s what we expect in terms of margins.
Gary Coleman: Not only from the Internet, but we’re now putting our 800 net phone number on mailings and inserts and over 10% of our business is now coming in through inbound calls. As Larry mentioned, we’re just trying to find all the different ways that we can reach the customer, but one thing to consider too, there is maybe less -- solicitations that you get in the mail that means there’s less competition in the mail for us. The mail is still going to be a vital part of it, but we’re -- as Larry mentioned we’ve really grown the percentage of our sales. I think it’s up to 40% that’s either internet or inbound versus a few years ago it was much less than that.
Gary Coleman: On the Direct Response side, you see seasonality more there than maybe in our agency line, part of that is because we’ve -- a good fortune of our Direct Response sales occur in the first, second quarter and so you see more of the lapses coming in the third and fourth quarter. So you obviously see a higher lapse rate in the third and fourth quarter versus the first and second quarter in Direct Response.
Gary Coleman: Well, I don’t think we’re getting back to Direct Response, so we haven’t seen any change in experience of as Larry mentioned the substandard business at this price for us for the higher lapse rate. So, our reserves are going to set up accordingly and we’re expecting those lapse rates that is really not adjustment necessary.
Gary Coleman: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we’ll talk to you again next quarter.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First, let’s discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $171 million and life underwriting margin was also up 16% to $57 million. Net life sales increased 8% for the quarter to $40 million. The producing agent count at the end of fourth quarter was 5,176, up 18% from a year ago but down 5% during the quarter. We’re very pleased overall with the progress made at American Income in 2012. The agent count decreased during the fourth quarter is not surprising as American Incomes agent count typically decreases in the fourth quarter. We also had increased terminations resulting from the big growth spurt we had in the early part of 2012. We’re excited about the company’s future prospects and we expect sales growth for 2013 to range from 10% to 14%. Now, Direct Response, our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 5% to $153 million and life underwriting margin increased 6% to $34 million. Net life sales were down 4% to $32 million, however for the year life sales were up 3%. In addition, the business we grew was more profitable. Response rates were lower than anticipated in the fourth quarter. We believe this is possibly due to the state of the economy, however it is not unusually a fluctuations (Inaudible) from time to time in Direct Response. We are confident that our 2003 initiatives will help increase response rates in 2013 and we expect mid-single digit sales growth in 2013. Now, Liberty National, Liberty National life premiums declined 2% to $69 million, while life underwriting margin was up 14% to $20 million. Net life sales grew 3% to $9 million, and net health sales declined 12% to $4 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,419, up 6% from the year ago. We are pleased with the progress we’ve made in turning around our producing agent counts and sales at Liberty National. We continue to work to change the culture of this agency. We’re optimistic that agent growth will continue going forward and we expect sales growth to range from 8% to 12% for 2013. Family Heritage, our results improved two months in our Family Heritage operations as we completed the acquisition on November 1. Health premiums were $30 million and health net sales were $7 million. We are also excited about the growth potential of Family Heritage’s health business. We intend to grow this agency this geographic expansion and the implementation of our internet recruiting program. For 2013, we expect premium income to range from $195 million to $205 million, with margins as a percentage of the health premium about 18% to 19%. We expect health sales to be approximately $50 million to $53 million in 2013, a growth rate of 5% to 9% over 2012. Medicare Part D, premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 73% to $84 million while the underwriting margin increased 49% to $10 million. Part D sales for the quarter fell 53% to $46 million due to the decrease in lower income subsidized enrollees for 2013. As we don’t expect as many new auto enrollees under the income subsidy program in 2013 as we had in 2012, we won’t have a type of sales and premium growth we had in 2012. We expect a decrease of approximately 5% to 7% in our Part D premiums for 2013 due primarily to price competition in the full year group market. I’ll now turn the call back over to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you Frank. For 2013, we expect our net operating income will be within a range of $5.45 per share to $5.75 per share. The decrease in guidance is due primarily to the fact, we’re repurchasing shares at a higher price than we originally anticipated and also due to the loss of some employer group Part D cases because of increased competition. Those are our comments, we will now open the call up for questions.
Larry Hutchison: I’ll address the Direct Response sales first Jimmy. We have confidence that the Direct Response rates will come up in the second quarter of this year. We currently have initiatives regarding our adult products. We also are testing different initiatives with packaging. We think, each of those will have a positive effect on our response rates as we go forward.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy as we look at the business there are no unpleasant surprises. Integration goes forward well. The agency is growing as expected. We’re seeing some addition within the agency in case some recruiting programs take place. Those were the comments you finally hear because there are no surprises in the sales guidance that was given in our accounts.
Larry Hutchison: Because, we had a decline in the growth of the agency in fourth quarter and it’s just slightly -- it’s 10% to 14% versus 10% to 15% guidance we gave in the last quarter, and it’s just recognizing that we have not as many agents signing business in the first quarter that you’d hope.
Larry Hutchison: It’s not saturated at all. We have unlimited opportunity to grow that agency force, so naturally I would say the agency force is 10,000 to 12,000 agents in American Income. I don’t think it’s the same when they have 20% agency growth year in and year out. I would predict that you can see the agency count at the end of fourth quarter 2013 at 5,900 to 6,000 agents, and it could vary. It could be slightly higher than that or slightly less, but certainly 10% agent growth per year is sustainable at American Income.
Larry Hutchison: I think there’s a seasonal pattern, like our other agency forces, you tend to have higher agency growth in the first eight months of the year and usually the fourth quarter is a little bit slower for Family Heritage as well as the other agency operations.
Larry Hutchison: For Liberty National, agent count should grow up by about 10% also this year. Our traditional agent count at the end of the year was 1,419. I’d expect that to be at 1,800 to 1,900 agents by the end of the fourth quarter.
Larry Hutchison: That pace is certainly sustainable, Mark, part of this is sustainable growth traditionally speaking, Liberty National traditionally has been focused on the southeast as we continue to have offices outside of the southeast that will help that growth rate at the Liberty National. The other development is as we add the [accelerated] management at Liberty National it produces more candidates to become branch managers, and open new branches across the U.S. So, I think certainly that growth rate is sustainable for the foreseeable future.
Larry Hutchison: I don’t think it will continue. What we saw this year was a new entrant into the market and we feel they’ve substantially underpriced their business, that’s our experience from the new entrant, under prices their business that’s [arranged] pretty quickly and so we don’t think that’s a trend going forward.
Larry Hutchison: I think we want to be careful is to expand that cross-selling Bob. I’d really like to focus on expanding the agency. They’re doing very well with the product mix they have now, and let’s stay focused on -- just trying the basic agency with the existing product mix.
Larry Hutchison: I don’t think it’s a switchover. The original prediction was that there will be 17 million additional release for Medicare Advantage. We certainly haven’t seen those numbers materialized and [we’re interested] in seeing to go forward with healthcare reform if (inaudible) doesn’t materialize you would see much stronger Medicare supplement sales. I think there’s strength in Medicare supplement sales. We just done a better job recruiting general agents and we’ve better penetrated particularly with the high deductible health plan and the successful offering of that plan in a number of states.
Larry Hutchison: Randy, this is what’s driving your confidence is, we’re focusing most right now is agent retention and so we’re working at different systems, everything from lead support to better training to help that agent retention. We’re also working at changes that we could introduce in our compensation systems and we stretch out that compensation and we keep those [first share] agents longer. And structurally what I see is a growing SGA body. We’ve added 5 new SGAs this year. We believe those of you who were successfully had also contributed to the agent growth and which you’ve seen in the last five years so I think there is a long average age of that SGA body and so I’m comfortable that those SGAs will continue to grow and expand within each, territories and expand their agencies.
Larry Hutchison: New SGA is a new office and some of those are promoted into the system as far as an agent. From SGA they become MGA, the last set of progression is from SGA position and we open those offices depending on opportunity and we look at the company support, we look at the recruiting support you can get in a particular office and that’s how you open the new offices. It’s in addition to a nice attraction.
Larry Hutchison: For ‘13 and again, we’re looking at who are these MGAs that are ready to take that next step. We normally make sure that the MGA is always successful. So, we look at their production and we look at their time in the business and then Roger and Company make that decision to promote that MGA to an SGA position.
Larry Hutchison: We’re typically adding to -- we have SGAs in all states and which are looking as particularly in large metropolitan areas, with really the excess, in each year the excess recruits in terms of system. The personal and other recruiting sections that we have, there is extra capacity that we’re going to add in SGA.
Larry Hutchison: That is why I don’t because if you go to Direct Response in 2007 a very small percentage of our business came through electronically i.e. the Internet or the electronic media and today, it’s a significant part of our business. It’s the fastest growing segment of Global Life international companies saw. Global Life channel is not different than it was 20 years ago. It’s continuing to work to enhancing how do we reach our consumer and I think you’ll see a greater improvement. But mail is still an important part and foundation of the Company, but I think we’re confident that we can grow Direct Response through other media.
Larry Hutchison: There was a strong uptick in the lapse rates, we’re talking about first year, if you look at renewal rates there is one uptick.
Larry Hutchison: Right, you expect your agency force since you have more new agents selling business. You have an uptick in your lapse rates and we had an 18% growth in our new agents last year. So I would expect to see an uptick. [That’s not across that] if you go back two years ago in the fourth quarter we had the same first year lapse rates. So it’s within and on the range in my opinion.
Larry Hutchison: If you look at the agent recruiting in the agency forces, typically 80% of your agent recruitment is in the first eight months. And you have been having new agents starting the year, so by the time you get later in the year you get more new agents form business, it would be logical you see a small uptick in the first year lapse rates as you have more new agents sign business.
Larry Hutchison: I think the item that’s affecting the lapse rates is in Direct Response. As we mentioned earlier using the (inaudible) confirmation to underwrite business with that regulation more substandard business, which has a higher premium rate. If you’re going to issue more substandard business than you’re going to issue business at higher premium rates that’s followed with higher lapse rates as a result.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the fourth quarter, we spent $42 million to buy 844,000 Torchmark shares. For the full year we have spent $360.5 million of parent company cash to acquire 7.5 million shares. The parent ended the year with liquid assets of $147 million, including $94 million that has been invested to be used for the redemption of our senior notes that mature on August 1, 2013, or at an earlier time if opportunities to repurchase the notes become available. This leaves the parent with $53 million of liquid assets available for other corporate needs. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2013. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent and the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. While our 2012 statutory earnings have not yet been finalized and assuming shareholder dividends remain at the current level, we expect free cash flow in 2013 to be in the range of $355 million to $365 million. Thus, including the $53 million available from assets on hand we will have approximately $408 million to $418 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year. To-date in 2013, we have used $17.7 million of this cash to buy 330,000 Torchmark shares. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain of approximately $50 million of liquid assets at the parent company. Now regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries, we plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. In the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325%. This ratio was lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. Although, we haven’t finalized our 2012 statutory financial statements, we expect that the RBC at December 31, 2012 will be in the range of 330% to 340%. Now, before I turn the call back to Larry. I would like to briefly discuss the purchase of Family Heritage Life Insurance Company. On November 1st, we closed on the purchase of all the outstanding stock of Family Heritage, a privately held supplemental health insurance provider. The base purchase price of $218.5 million was paid for with $115 million of internal funds from our life insurance companies and $68.5 million of additional debt, including the assumption of $20 million of trust preferred securities issued by Family Heritage’s parent. Final closing and post-closing adjustments of approximately $15.5 million were paid with proceeds from a post-closing dividend from Family Heritage. The Company added $0.02 per share to Torchmark’s net operating income in 2012, net of the after-tax incremental financing costs of 3.8% on the $218.5 million purchase price. We anticipate that the Company will add between $0.16 and $0.20 per share to 2013 operating earnings after financing costs. Since we anticipate being able to take dividend distributions out of the Company to fund additional interest charges at the parent, we do not believe the acquisition will have a material impact on Torchmark’s share buyback program. Those are my comments I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Frank Svoboda: At this point of time, we don’t anticipate taking out any excess capital allowing for some growth. You are correct in that, the RBC was fairly high at their company individually and on a consolidated basis, it really doesn’t move the needle very much on the consolidation.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Bob, the real increase in that a big majority of that is a result of the finalizing all of our PGAAP computations. As we said on the last call, we are very early in the stages of taking a look at purchase business and where some of the margins would be on the acquired block. And now that we’ve finalized the PGAAP computations, the margins really on that opening block, really looking at 15% on an after admin expense basis, which was a little bit higher or a fair amount higher than what we had originally anticipated. So, that’s really driving a big portion of that increase in the guidance.
Frank Svoboda: Well, part of it’s accounting just from estimates on where the final interest rate adjustments and how reserves will be calculated and the (inaudible) would be calculated and amortized off over time, but part of it is also just real getting a better comfort in where ultimate assumptions would be and underlying margins.
Frank Svoboda: We are probably seeing just a little bit of reduction in some of the initial cost estimates that we had, but nothing real material ultimately, but we’re looking at admin expenses being about 5% of their premiums. So they’re a very efficient operation, but we’re seeing a little bit lower than what we had originally anticipated as well.
Frank Svoboda: Well, we actually expected premiums to be up in 2013 slightly because not all that business is auto assign business. The auto assign business is about 45% of the total premium for us. We also sell this through our United American General Agency and through Direct Response. So we were thinking that premiums will go from $318 million in 2012 to I think last quarter we talked about $327 million for 2013. Well, now that looks like 2013 is only going to be $300 million and the reason for that as Larry mentioned earlier in the comments as that we lost some large groups that it’s a year-to-year contract and they elected to go with the carriers who are offering lower rates. So we’ll actually have a slight decline in premiums in 2013 from the 318 million in 2012 to around 300 million in 2013.
