Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was $128 million or $1.27 per share, a per share increase of 22% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $119 million or $1.17 per share, a 39% increase on a per share basis. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 15.8% for the quarter and our book value per share was $32.70, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturity carried at market value, book value per share grew 24% to $38.19. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $452 million, and life underwriting margins increased 13% to $126 million. Net life sales increased 9% to $88 million. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $161 million and life underwriting margin was up 16% to $52 million. Net life sales increased 17% for the quarter to $39 million. The producing agent count at the end of the first quarter was 5,104, up 26% from a year ago and up 17% during the quarter. The first quarter results at American Income far exceeded our expectations. The number of newly hired agents that produced business in the first quarter was up 52% from a year ago. The number of newly hired agents who achieved our top bonus level, which is our best indicator of agent retention, was up 76% in the quarter. Our middle management ranks grew by 12% in the quarter and are up 29% from a year ago. Every key factor indicates that 2012 is a stellar year for American Income. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $161 million and life underwriting margin grew 10% to $38 million. Net life sales were up 9% to $39 million. I am pleased with the results in direct response. While high gas prices and difficult economy continued to impact our response rates, through continuing innovation we've been able to grow our sales and maintain our margins. I would also remind everyone of the change we made in our direct response underwriting in mid-2011. While improving our margins, it resulted in a 6% reduction in our net sales due to more applications being rejected for health reasons. Life premium at Liberty National declined 2% to $72 million, while life underwriting margin was up 21% to $18 million. Net life sales declined 22% to $7 million, while net health sales grew 16% to $3 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,276, down 31% from a year ago and down 5% for the quarter. The underwriting margins at Liberty National had benefitted from the change in DAC accounting due to the significant reductions we have implemented in our non-deferrable acquisition cost over the last couple of years. I'm also very pleased with the progress being made in turning around our declines in producing agents and sales. In mid-February, the agent count at Liberty National hit its low point of 1,228. Since that time, we have seen consistent growth, and as of Monday, the producing agent count has grown to 1,321, which is up 7.5% in the past two months. I'm very optimistic that this agent growth will continue going forward, which will result in improved sales at Liberty National for the balance of this year. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 6% to $181 million, and health underwriting margin declined 10% to $40 million. Health net sales grew 5% to $15 million. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D grew 50% to $74 million while the underwriting margin increased 54% to $8 million. Part D sales for the quarter jumped 235% to $25 million. The new low income subsidized enroll leads continue to exceed our prior estimates and we have raised our Part D revenue estimates for 2012 to $319 million versus $197 million for 2011. Administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, which were up 8% from a year ago, but in line with our expectations. Roughly half of this increase was caused by the elimination of the administrative fee which we were receiving on the United Investors business. The balance of the increase was due to increased cost in our Part D administration and conservation program. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman for his comments.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2012, we continue to expect our net operating income per share will be in a range of $5.10 and $5.40 per share. Before I open it up for questions, I would like to comment on the upcoming transition. I'm the fourth CEO in the 32 year history of Torchmark, and every succession has been seamless. I want to assure everyone that this succession will also go very smoothly. While I am stepping down as CEO on June 1, I will continue in an executive position as Chairman until June of 2013. I have the utmost confidence in both Larry and Gary, and have worked closely with both of them for over 25 years. I believe that either one of them would be an outstanding CEO on their own, but I also believe that together they will be better than either would be individually. I believe that the company is in the best shape it has been during my tenure as CEO and I know that Gary and Larry will only continue to make it better. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Mark McAndrew: Well again, I am going to stay on at least through June 13. In fact I will intend to at least finish out my term, which will be April 14. Beyond that, it really hasn’t been decided at this point. So that’s something that we will continue to discuss.
Mark McAndrew: Chris, I'll also point out too that when we analyzed before, for example, American Income, if we lowered 100 basis points our interest rate assumptions and kept them 100 basis points lower throughout the life of the business, it would take a 2% to 3% rate adjustment to maintain our profitability. And again we did put through January 1 of this year, a 5% rate increase at American Income as well as most of the products at Globe Life. So while it will have a negative impact on our excess investment income that will also be offset by higher underwriting margins going forward as a result of the rate increases.
Mark McAndrew: Well John, you have to remember that it is truly a discount rate. We are not setting rates or crediting interest to policy order fronts. This is simply the discount rate we used to calculate the reserves with DAC. And although we’ve lowered the discount rate used last year, you got to remember that discount rate that we set each year applies only to policies issued in that year. So at 4.75% now in 2012 issues over 90% of our reserves are for policies issued prior to 2011, and during that period of time part we were using a discount rate somewhere, at times 6% and at times it’s high as 7%, so between the 6% and 7%. So when you rate all those issue years together that’s where you get to a little under 6% and over time, I think actually you will see that rate go up just slightly and it is going to level off and then as I mentioned earlier, if we continue at 4.75% in several years from now, you will see that trending down toward the 4.75%. Right now it is just the weighted average rate because of all of the many years of issue that we have out there is higher than what we are for the current year issues.
Mark McAndrew: Well again, we picked up a large number on January 1, but what's really exceeding our expectations is the number of new enrollees that we're getting each month from either people just turning 65 or people just qualifying for the low income subsidy, and that number, we have been averaging about 6,800 a month, where initially we were only assuming 2,000 to 3,000 of those new people each month. So, we now expect to pick up over 75,000 during the course of the year and that will be pretty smooth through the year. So, if you look at the first quarter sales numbers we expect the ongoing sales to stay up at about that level.
Mark McAndrew: In our guidance there is probably still a little conservatism built in there. At American Income, we're assuming 14% to 15% growth in our sales this year, which again, we were at 17% in the first quarter. So, I think there is a good chance that we will beat what we've built in our guidance. At Globe, I think there also in our guidance we're just assuming mid to high single-digit growth in sales there. There is still some uncertainty there. So, I don't think we've being overly optimistic but as far as Liberty National, again I think we'll see sequential growth going forward but if I look back at last year, I feel confident that we'll have grown by the fourth quarter and sales year-over-year, I would expect the third quarter will be close to flat, but if I look a year from now, when we're comparing to the first quarter this year, I expect to see strong double-digit growth in sales a year from now at Liberty.
Mark McAndrew: Well I think first quarter; it's running a little over 20%, the number of new enquiries coming in versus a year ago. So that is still going well, but again, that's why I mentioned we're starting with the 6% reduction just from the change in our underwriting. So, if I look at the 9% growth we had in first quarter, without that change in underwriting would have been more like 15% growth. So, that tampers it somewhat when we're comparing year-over-year. But I'm still very pleased with where it's at, and particularly if gas prices come down and the economy continues to improve, we may significantly beat that but at this point; we don't want to be overly optimistic in our projections.
Mark McAndrew: So, for the last six, seven years before they hit the current mandatory retirement age. That mandatory retirement age can easily be extended through the Board action. So Gary, Larry, I’ll let you put your two cents worth in.
Mark McAndrew: Bob, the only thing, if I look at our earnings per share for the first quarter, I know we missed the street by a penny, but we are actually about a penny ahead of where we thought would be. We do have a number of things that are doing better than we anticipated, but the only thing, Bob, that offsets that is the price we paid on our share repurchase was more than – when we originally came out with that guidance, the stock was at $38. So that has tampered it somewhat, it is reasonably left at where it is. Again, I expect we will narrow that range as the year particularly next quarter, but right now the improved results offset the higher share price.
Mark McAndrew: Well I think where they are at today is I think we are going to try to maintain that. I wouldn’t expect continued upward movement in those margins.
Mark McAndrew: We were expecting better margins. When we did our guidance, we were expecting improved margins in the life business at Liberty.
Mark McAndrew: Well not too far off. We knew as a result of the DAC write-down that the margins at Liberty would go up as a result of the cost savings and the restructuring that we have done at Liberty. They have moved more of those costs to variable costs. So, that was by design.
Mark McAndrew: He retired at 60 and I became CEO and he stayed on as Chairman for a year when he turned 59. So, you are very astute Bob, it’s basically exactly the same transition that we had with C.B.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I don't see it as a limiting factor. Yes, the number of new hires was up over 50% in the first quarter versus our middle management ranks were up 29%, but one of the things that we were very successful in doing was, the number of middle management people that we have that hired and trained a new person increased significantly from a year ago. We did in the middle of last year put out a new incentive program to try to get more of our middle management involved in the recruiting and training and that appears to have been very successful. But not only did we increased the number of middle managers by 29%; we also increased the percentage of those that actually recruited and trained someone. So, can we maintain 50%, 60% growth? That's going to be difficult. But can we continue to grow our middle management ranks by 30%, 40% a year? Yes, we can. I don't see it as a real limiting factor. Actually, the more new people that we're hiring and bringing on, those people – as our agent base gets larger, the candidates that move into middle management becomes larger.
Mark McAndrew: Obviously, as we continue to grow, we do have some fixed expenses there such as management salaries and travel that will give us some improvement in our expense margins, but again at American income, the vast majority of our cost there are variable cost, they are commissions and those will grow as sales grows. So, I don't anticipate any major improvement in the margins there, although we did put through again 5% rate increase in the beginning of this year which over time will add a little bit to the underwriting margin, but we don’t anticipate it really improving from where it is but we expect to be able to maintain where it is at.
Mark McAndrew: You need to understand the inquiries is from our Insert Media segment, which is little over half of our total sales. The other half come from our direct mail program, it's been relatively flat in comparison. So the 22% does not pertain to all of the direct response business. So that’s what part of the reason why I get back to mid-to-high single digits in growth.
Mark McAndrew: It's actually going very well. I'm pleased with the results there. In the first quarter, we ran a little bit ahead of our goal. Our new initiatives on conservation, we conserved a little over $7.4 million of premium versus our target of $7.1 million. We still project that we'll conserve something over $31 million of life premium this year through our new conservation efforts. So, very pleased with where it's at and it's actually running about 4% of where we thought it would be.
Mark McAndrew: Again, even with the low income subsidize and release, the product that we're selling there has the same underwriting margins as the product we were selling to individuals. So, we expect the current margin as a percentage of premiums to basically maintain that margin going forward.
Mark McAndrew: Well, no. I haven't really seen a lot of change in the demographics. Again, in our insert media side, our demographics are a little lower income and they are in the direct mail side. That's why it tends to have been more impacted by the economy. So, there is some pressure, but we haven't seen anything that's going to change in our demographics.
Mark McAndrew: Absolutely, yes. Again, the trick in our direct response is it has to be something that's low cost and efficient because of the large numbers we're dealing with, and utilizing that prescription drug records. It did point out that about 6% of the policies that we had been issuing were really people that were uninsurable. So, it definitely is improving our mortality and improving our margins. We're making more profit but we're issuing less business.
Mark McAndrew: It varies by product and by market. I don't I have those, it's something we could provide for you, but I don't have those in front of me.
Mark McAndrew: In fact we are doing our pricing right now for I think, by the 1st of June we have to have our pricing for 2013. Dealing with our pharmacy benefits manager, we think we've come up with some ideas to continue to have a positive impact on our pricing. It’s impossible to project at this point of what 2013 is going to look like, but right now we are optimistic that we’ll not only maintain, but hopefully see additional growth in 2013 from Part D.
Mark McAndrew: Well I’m not sure that I know, I don’t know exactly where those came from, but again it’s something that we’ll get back to you on.
Mark McAndrew: Sam, I will address it. I feel very confident that Liberty National is going through a turnaround and I am very confident that the initiatives will work. Again, we Steve to Charles, we moved him from American Income as well as Roger Smith as CEO, I think are doing an outstanding job. I think the attitudes at Liberty are better than they have been in quite some time. As far as the early indicators, our recruiting is growing and obviously, the agent count in the last eight to nine weeks has consistently grown. So, I don’t have a contingency plan because I don’t feel like I need one. I feel strongly that Liberty is on the right track moving forward and I think over the next couple of quarters it will be apparent to everyone.
Mark McAndrew: I definitely intend to hold my stock, not just through the transition, but I intend to hold it, and definitely I think our stock is still undervalued by historic standards. I think our prospects for growth again I think are the best they've been in my 10 years as CEO. You may see, as far as options and in fact – because the change in the accounting rules on options, we can no longer do reload that we used to do in the past, but now every office here has options that expire each year. Even if we take the equity from those options and convert it into outright shares, it will still show up as Company stock. So, you may see some of that. In fact, you will see some of that because everyone has options that expire each year, but that does not mean that we're selling shares. In fact, typically most people are converting those to outright ownership shares.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we hope you have a great day. See you next quarter.
Gary Coleman: These slightly higher reserves than say if were I think at 5.75% for 2011 issues, but I think the more of the impact you would see on the financial statements, if we kept this over time right now, the weighted average discount rate is right around 5.6%. If we kept we used a 4.75% for succeeding years you would see that rate come down. But remember this just applies to 2012 issues, so it takes a while for that rate to come down, but if you continue at 4.75% for several years, at some point it would start moving from the 6.6% down toward the 4.75%.
Gary Coleman: No. Even if we had to go to 4.75% and maintain that, the rate adjustments we put through are more than adequate to maintain our profitability.
Gary Coleman: Well, most of that occurred in the bank converts that we have and I believe as Moody's downgrade us by one notch, which would not have pushed them into the below investment grade category normally, but under the new rules that were passed last year regarding the hybrid type securities, that one notch downgrade under those new rules moved them into a class that goes into the SVO class for low investment grade bonds. It's a little bit of an unusual item but the quality of those bonds are not impaired in any measure. As a matter of fact, just on a normal basis, just on a standard grading, they are not below investment grade bonds, they just are as SVO classifies them.
Gary Coleman: I don't look for any major changes in our business model. Larry and I have been involved in this Company for many years, as Mark said and we care firm believers in the model. I think there will be changes as our insurance markets change and also as the financial markets change we will adjust them as we have over the years. So, I think there'll be changes but I don't think you will see major changes in the fundamentals of how we operate the business.
Gary Coleman: It’s not the fact that we are not going to have a spread. We are still going to have spread over what we are earning on the assets over what that discount is on; it’s just going to be little bit smaller than it has been in the past.
Gary Coleman: I don’t have a good answer for that at the moment, but our projection is that it will grow around the 4% range for the year.
Gary Coleman: John I might add, if you look at the assets with the picks at market value, one thing the unrealized gains or losses, as I mentioned earlier were at $873 million that were $964 million at the end of December 31. So, we had a $90 million drop just from that.
Gary Coleman: I agree to what Larry said. This is not an interim move; this is definitely something that we are committed to.
Gary Coleman: Jeff, I will continue with the investment’s financial reporting, investor relations and internal, all of those areas, but in addition to that, the actuarial area will report to me and also the administrative area, but I would like to in size we are doing that from the David's standpoint, helping the operations, but all material decisions will be made jointly by Larry and me.
Larry Hutchison: Like what Gary said, I agree with that. Our immediate focus is to have a seamless transition and to continue the type of growth we have experienced in 2011 and 2012.
Larry Hutchison: Ed, the health reform really didn't address Medicare Supplement, that was an exempted product. We're seeing lots of proposals right now in Washington that deals everything for benefit structures to loss ratios. Our information is there's no immediate change that restricts the Medicare systems. Probably the earliest will be 2014. There is a lot of uncertainty, we don't know which parties are going to be control with, we don't know who is going to really shape future changes of Medicare. We know there are going to be changes, of all depths of those changes, and we have played in that market. I can just say at this time, it's a little early to say exactly where Medicare will be in 2014, 2015, and 2016.
Larry Hutchison: I think that’s correct, but again, all this is proposed at this point. I think we are going to have a gridlock in Congress through the remainder of the year, but I think next year you will see that those proposals actually take shape and better able to predict exactly what the Medicare system is going to look like. I have seen everything from Class A and B together to changes to see and it's just, as we make proposals, it's hard to sort out and say exactly what the Medicare system looks like. We know it's going to change a little depth of those changes.
Larry Hutchison: I haven't seen anything with respect to Part D, really the proposals are dealt with potentially Medicare systems.
