Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. In our life insurance operations, Premium revenue for the first quarter increased 4% from the year-ago quarter to $804 million. Life underwriting margin was $309 million, up 6% from a year ago. For the year, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.5% and 5% at the midpoint of our guidance, and life underwriting margin to grow between 7% and 7.5%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be in the range of 38% to 40%. In health insurance, premium grew 6% to $341 million, and health underwriting margin was up 3% to $94 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 7%. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow between 5% and 6%, and as a percent of premium, to be around 27% to 29%. The final tri-agency rule regarding various health plans was finalized with minimal impact to the supplemental health products we sell and, therefore, to our business. The final rule requires an additional consumer disclosure, which we will implement as required. Administrative expenses were $80 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago. As a percent of premium, administrative expenses were 7%, consistent with our expectations and compared to 6.7% a year ago. For the year, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7% of premium, higher than 2023, due primarily to continuing investments in technology as we modernize and transform how we operate. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the first quarter marketing operations.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest was $44 million, up $15 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $283 million, up 10% or $25 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is due to the continued strong growth in average invested assets. Higher interest rates across fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and short-term investments also contributed to the higher growth rate. Required interest is up 4.8% over the year ago quarter, same as the increase in average policy liability. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow between 7% and 9% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets, especially related to our CMLs and limited partnership investments. In addition, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate required interest will grow between 5% and 5.5% for the year, resulting in growth in excess investment income of approximately 25% to 30%. Now regarding our investment yield. In the first quarter, we invested $682 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. This amount was higher than expected to take advantage of opportunities in the market. We invested at an average yield of 5.86%, an average rating of A-, and an average life of 32 years. We also invested approximately $126 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics at an average expected return of 10%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involve office properties. These investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments and they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.24%, up 6 basis points from the first quarter of 2023 and up 1 basis point from the fourth quarter. As of March 31st, the tax equivalent effective yield rate on the fixed maturity portfolio was 5.25%, including the cash yield from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership, the first quarter earned yield was 5.46%. Invested assets are $21.4 billion, including $19.5 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $19 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. On fixed maturity – investment portfolio had a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.4 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield of our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position as this is mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 47% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 51% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, real estate equities, CLOs and other asset-backed securities held by our peers. We believe that the BBB securities we acquired generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment grade bonds remained low at $542 million, compared to $596 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.8%. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year, we expect to invest approximately $1 billion to $1.2 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.6% to 5.8%, and approximately $400 million to $500 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics, at an average expected cash return of 8% to 10%. As we said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not intra-sensitive. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Hi, Jimmy. The investigation from WilmerHale will be happening in the near term. And we'll be providing updates as appropriate on that. If there's any material updates that are needed, obviously, we'll put that out through some type of an 8-K filing. Otherwise, it will be more through our normal channels.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, it goes away just in the normal course that we're open tomorrow to be able to start buying back shares.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan. I think we will take a look at various options of how we might generate some financing for that or just – and see if that makes sense. That would be one of the opportunities that we would look into.
Frank Svoboda: I do want to say, Ryan, I don't have that right off the top here. I do want to say that the majority of it is first year commissions, but I want to be careful about that.
Frank Svoboda: No. I mean for the – what we know today, we're looking at just are the timing of resources to be able to accomplish in that buyback. And obviously, we're looking at market conditions as well. And so if we have an opportunity to be buying back shares, clearly less than our book value. We believe that that's a very good answer for our shareholders and a very good return for that money. Now typically, as you know, our historic buyback methodology has been pro rata over the years. We receive our dividends from our subsidiaries. We kind of – when we get that over the course of the year, and we kind of use our CP balances to kind of help even that out, some of the timing of that, over the course of time. And so all things else being equal, we would be kind of doing that ratably throughout the remainder of 2024 as the liquidity becomes available. And so we'll be looking at just opportunities to accelerate that and depending on the timing of just being able to fund some of those.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. No, we were looking at an opportunity where we were going to be the acquirer, early in January we reached a decision where the transaction would be material enough and it's probable enough to actually happen, that we thought that we should put ourselves into a blackout period with respect to the repurchasing of our shares. As Tom noted in his comments, we're no longer considering that opportunity. Of course, during the month of April, here – during the time period prior to our call where we're not – we're in a normal blackout anyway because of knowledge – material knowledge that we have around earnings and such. So as – and then as I've mentioned to Jim, we'll be coming out of that tomorrow.
Frank Svoboda: I would say that the overall estimate of everything that we know today would be included in our overall guidance of what we have given.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We did end up walking away primarily as a result of the stock price of where we're at today. As we got to looking at what would be the best utilization of our funds for our shareholders and being able to give the highest and best risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders. We did make the decision that repurposing any acquisition funds, if you will, toward the purchase of our own shares would be in the best interest.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. When we just think about the timing of that, our statutory blue book for 2023 really don't get fully completed until sometime in February. So after the time that we have that first quarter call.
Frank Svoboda: Right now, Wilma, there really isn't. We'll take a look at the situation, as we think about where the share price changes over time and just in our availability of cash flows, and we'll just have to look at that over time. And we should be able to give more update on that clearly on our next call.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Tom, I don't think you should make that assumption necessarily. We would be looking at just a matter of regardless of how we were looking at financing it, not necessarily with equity, it was a better use of those funds.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, it's still too early to know whether or not, of course, whether there would be any assumption change coming up in the third quarter. We're obviously, as a range, we're looking at various possibilities. I mean if we continue to have remeasurement gains and whether or not that could lead to an assumption change or not, or if we end up having some worse experience, which goes the other way, right? So all of that's embedded in the overall range.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, you can't really comment about any kind of specifics. I mean, obviously, it was material enough. It was – I would just say, a little bit bigger than some of them that we've done recently.
Frank Svoboda: Really been pretty stable. I mean you look at the data, and I would point your attention to the data that we did put on the supplemental financial information on the website. And so we've got 10 years' worth of data out there for both Globe Life’s and then – as a whole, and then American Income, and it's a 10 years breakdown between renewal and first year premium on those as well. So and I just think that really shows the stable nature of our business. As I continue to go through and look and I think about our business, if you go back three, five, 10 years and look at our in-force business, it has grown over 5% in each of those periods. And I think if you look at 15 years – this is on our life business. And if you go back 15 years, it's probably just a little bit under 5%. And our earned premiums are growing basically at that same rate as well. And you kind of look at that schedule and you look at the renewal premium versus the first year premium and it's pretty consistent. So it is – it's just really showing a very stable, consistent growth. And that, as Matt mentioned in his comments, turns into stable, consistent growth of cash premium collections, of which, at least at American Income, over 95% of those are collected on a monthly basis. And it's a little bit less than that on a total Globe Life basis. But again, that's consistent cash flow that we've talked about over the years, many years on, is the strong, stable support for our operations and our statutory operations where we generate over $1 billion of operating cash flows year in and year out. So the trends on those are pretty consistent over time.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. That's about $400 million to $500 million is what we would anticipate in spending in non-fixed maturities investments during the year. And what that is, is really it's a three year commercial – transitional commercial mortgage loans. And then there's LP strategies, about half of which are in commercial – some of those are in commercial mortgage loans as well as other – that have more – they have underlying debt-like characteristics, whether it be infrastructure or other types of debt strategies within them. So it's probably not quite, relatively close to half and half with respect to those.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So on the commercial mortgage loans, that's not the case. Now if they are in the LP structure, you do end up with a little higher RBC. Obviously, we're taking that into account as we look – we talk a lot about having a risk-adjusted and capital-adjusted returns. So when we look at these investments that are getting put on schedule BA and having a little RBC charge, we make – we look at that and make sure that we're getting that as an appropriate lift, if you will, to pay for that additional capital.
Frank Svoboda: And I will just clarify, there's some piece of that. Infrastructure is one of them, there's also just straight credit LPs, we're looking just at some private credit strategies. And keep in mind, all of these are managed by outside, and we're partnering with JPMorgan, Goldman, PIMCO, Ares, MetLife. So we have had several different partners that are helping to – we're investing these through.
Matt Darden: I think as we mentioned earlier, in respect of the ongoing activity, don't have a specific time frame on that. We're not really going to comment.
Matt Darden: Yes. As I've mentioned in the earlier remarks, is we're really not seeing an impact. The first place I think it would show up would be in the agent recruiting pipeline, and we're not seeing an impact there. As well as from a customer perspective, we received very limited input from that. For point of reference, we receive about 40,000 to 50,000 calls a day. And in the early days, we're receiving three, four or five calls. Recently, that trend has been zero. We also have an agent call-in line as well, and we're receiving the same thing, just minimal to now zero calls from our agent field as well on this topic.
Matt Darden: Yes. As far as M&A goes, we typically look at opportunities that are in our markets. We like the middle income market. We also like the products that we distribute in the form of the risk profile, the profitability profile of those. So basic protection life or supplemental health products. We also like an exclusive distribution or opportunities from a Direct to Consumer perspective. And so our current business model, as that's framed up, is that's the lens we look through as we think about M&A opportunities.
Matt Darden: As I've mentioned earlier, that's the subject of an ongoing matter. I'd just refer you back to what we said earlier in our prepared remarks related to our assessment of the DOJ activity and the impact thereof.
Matt Darden: As we have said, we take unethical agent conduct very seriously. We have measures that we detect and deter these actions. We also continually evaluate our controls and update those as necessary, and we're comfortable that our processes continue to function as intended. So for now, we're pleased with the processes that we have in place, the identification of issues in the field. And as I've mentioned, we have dedicated teams that research and evaluate and conduct investigations on issues as they become known.
Matt Darden: Sure. maybe first for areas, it's about 6% or so of our new production. One of the things I think is important to keep in mind is that's an organization of several hundred agents. And all of those agents are individual contractors that are contracted with us. And we have agency owners that come and go on a routine basis as just part of our normal business practices. As you might imagine, we have agency owners that retire, they pursue other interests. And as I mentioned earlier, on occasion, it's necessary for us to terminate one. So we have long business practices over our ability to transition those agents and who keep producing business for us and they're contracted with us. And so sometimes, we look at just overall the larger agencies in our larger organizations in our different agencies. Sometimes that kind of falls along the 80-20 rule. But again, those are really – sometimes they're partnerships, there's multiple agency owners involved, et cetera. And so I feel like we've got great processes in place to deal with transitions as they're necessary.
Matt Darden: It's one of our larger ones. Like I said, it kind of gets back to that 80-20 rule of the – we have over around 100 agency owners, and then more than that when we start looking at individuals involved in partnerships and the like. And so simplistically, our top 20% probably produce about 70% or 80% of our new sales. But I'll just go back to, as a reminder, those agency owners are in charge of an organization of those agents that are individually contracted with us. And those agents that are individually contracted with us stay with us over a period of time and work their way through their – our own career track.
Matt Darden: Yes. It's getting more muted over time as more of our sales come through the digital channel, but it does have an impact. And we do watch closely what the postage increases are planned to be and adjust accordingly. As I've mentioned, our guidance is probably slightly down for the year from a sales growth perspective. But also just keep in mind, it's very important the activity the Direct to Consumer is doing to support all of our agency sales. That would not be reflected directly in the sales attributed to the Direct to Consumer channel.
Matt Darden: Yes. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, is the subpoena sought documents related to sales practices by certain licensed insurance agents in the areas organization who were contracted to sell American Income policies.
Matt Darden: Like I mentioned earlier, we're really not seeing it in our recruiting pipeline, which I think is where it'd show up first. So we just revised down slightly to low single-digit growth on the agent count side and mid-single-digit growth on the sales side. And just again, it's too early to tell, but we're really not hearing much from the field related to any sort of disruption or concerns. So just trying to be cognizant of what's out there and it's early days.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, Ryan, thanks for the question. On prior calls, I've actually given a rule of thumb kind of along those lines that, for the agency channels, we expect statutory strain of about 40% to 50% of any increase in sales. So that would work the same way as if we had a reduction in sales. So that gives you a good frame of reference for determining that.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, the same rule of thumb works. So if we had no sales, basically about half of that would be an increase in excess cash flows. And the important thing to note is those would be increases in statutory earnings in the current year, which would then be excess cash flows in the following year, at the parent – to the parent, yes.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, I'd agree. I mean I think we could look at the renewal commissions and our statutory filings to get some insight there. But I would think renewal commissions are less than 10% of renewal premiums. So that might be a good frame of reference.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. Wilma, it really was just a little bit higher statutory earnings as we finalize the earnings from 2023. We're seeing a little bit higher subsidiary dividends to the parent.
Tom Kalmbach: And what I'd add is I think that's consistent with the favorable mortality results that we saw in the third and fourth quarter of 2023 as well.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The AIL first year lapse rates, they were higher for the quarter. At this point, we don't see the uptick as anything other than fluctuations. We've had quarters in the past that have been – had lapse rates in – that were similar. In addition, kind of as you mentioned, there is some seasonality in lapse rates, in the first quarter tends to be a little higher than other quarters. On the renewal lapse rates, I think that's really a function of a change in the mix of business. As sales – as we generated more sales over the recent years, there's more business in that second, third and fourth durations, which tend to have a little bit higher lapse rates than we'd have in place for those that have been on the books for a long period of time. So I think those are the things that are impacting AIL lapse rates at this point.
Tom Kalmbach: I was going to say, Matt, to add to that, that 6% is part of American Income Life sales, at about 3% overall.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The – our guidance and the range of our guidance reflects kind of our – the information that we have now and our expectations with regards to remeasurement gains or losses due to an assumption change. I think we continue to monitor the trends. And if you look back to the third quarter and fourth quarter remeasurement gains, those were fairly sizable. We had expected first quarter to be lower just because of the flu season and RSV and other things that usually lead to a little bit higher mortality in the first quarter. So those are kind of some of the inputs to how we think about assumption changes when we go into the third quarter.
Tom Kalmbach: We are. Yes. The lower share price, if I think about the $0.20 increase to our guidance, a little less than half was related to investment income, and the remainder was really driven by share price changes.
Tom Kalmbach: They're reflected in our range, Jimmy. So again, we're making based upon what we know today and the trends, we're trying to make our best estimate as far as where we think guidance will emerge.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. I'd say it's still running a little bit higher, particularly for some causes and drug-related deaths are – continue to be elevated. Even we've seen some improvements off the peak for, say, heart disease, but it's still not back to pre-pandemic levels. Where we are seeing some significant improvements in motor vehicles and homicides seem to have come down quite a bit.
