Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $135 million or $1.12 per share, a 5% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $139 million or $1.15 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 31 was 12% and book value per share was $37.76 excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities. Return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share was $32.13, a 7% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $550 million while life underwriting margin was $143 million, down 1% from a year. The decline in underwriting margin is due primarily to the decline in the direct response margins. In 2017, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 1% to 3%. Net life sales were $99 million, approximately the same as a year ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 1% to $238 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $53 million. In 2017, we expect health underwriting income to remain relatively flat. Health sales in total were $47 million down 21% from year ago. Individual health sales was $37 million down 4%. The administrative expenses were $50 million for the quarter up 6% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.4% compared to 6.3% a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $197 million or 6.3% of premium. In 2017, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5% and to remain around 6.3% of premium. I'll now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I'll spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, I'll talk about excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income as acquired interest on policy liabilities and debt was $58 million an 8% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 12%. In 2017, we expect excess investment income to grow by about 6% to 8%. However, on a per share basis, we should see an increase of about 9% to 11%. Now regarding Investment Portfolio, invested assets were $14.8 million, including $14.2 million of fixed maturities and amortized cost. At the amortized cost, $13.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus and below investment grade bonds are $751 million compared to $640 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 5.3% compared to 4.8% a year ago. The increase in global investment grade bonds is due primarily to downgrades in securities in the energy and mills and mining sectors that occurred earlier in 2016. However, due to the increase in the underlying commodity prices, the current market value of these securities are significantly higher than at the time of the downgrades. With a portfolio leverage of 3.7 times, the percentage of below grade bonds to equity excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 19%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated high BBB plus just slightly under the A minus a year ago. In addition, net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.1 billion, approximately $550 million higher than a year ago. Regarding investment yield, in the fourth quarter we invested $607 in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.58% and average rating of BBB plus at an average life of 26 years. For the entire portfolio fourth quarter yield was 5.75% down six basis points from the 5.81% in the fourth quarter 2015. At December 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.74%. For 2017, the midpoint of our current guidance assumes an increasing new money yield throughout the year, averaging 4.80% for the full year. We are encouraged by the prospect of our interest rates. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and more importantly the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, it rates don't rise, the continued low interest rate environment will impact the income statement but not the balance sheet as we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products account for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that will require us to write off the ACE or put up addition GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess and disciplined income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Gary Coleman: Yeah. Hi, Jimmy. You're right that the increased income from the annuity business relates to lower amortization, but we slowed down the amortization of that business due to it staying on the books longer due to the lower interest rate environment, but going forward at the midpoint of our guidance, we see annuity income probably being in that $10 million range pretty similar to what we saw on a per quarter basis to what we have in the fourth quarter.
Gary Coleman: Generally consistent, but I think looking realistically that we probably be at the lower end of that range, given our starting point where we ended up in 2016 a little below $50 million just really due to some timing of some items.
Gary Coleman: We did receive -- right now we estimate that the proceeds will be around $18 million, but probably to a little bit of adjustment still through the first quarter.
Gary Coleman: Yes, as the exit of the business occurs, we will receive the various receivables that we have on the Part D business. We did see a pickup here in 2016 as we collected a significant portion of our CMS receivables here in 2016. As of the end of 2016, we still have around $100 million of net receivable from that business. We expect to probably get around $80 million of that in 2017 and that will be fairly pro-rata over the course of the year. And then it looks like there'll be a little bit of detail on the final $20 million or so that we don't anticipate to receive from CMS until probably the end of 2018, just there is some review process as it takes a couple of years to exit the business.
Gary Coleman: Ultimately yes, so there is a little bit of a drag that we're going to see here in 2017. Probably around the $2 million to $3 million range of a net drag, but then ultimately it will be cleaned up for the most part by the end of the year into '19.
Gary Coleman: Yeah Bob, I think we do anticipate having a little bit of marginal deterioration in 2017. And just to add, the 2002 through 2014 years related to RX business that we primarily do on the RX business that we talked about in the past as that really go through it's maturity if you will in its higher years and then and then starts to decline as an overall percentage of our premium. Looking past 2017 we really see it stabilizing for the most part in maybe that 14% to 15% range. So, there might be just a slight deterioration past 2017, but at this point in time, it’s really difficult to determine exactly until we see what impact the changes that we made at the end of '16 and on our 2017 sales will ultimately have.
Gary Coleman: No. Excuse me Bob, am battling a cold here. As we mentioned we invested 458 in the fourth quarter. So, for in this quarter, we are a little bit above what we thought where it would be -- we are in the high 480 range. What we contemplated is that the first quarter be around 470 and then would ratchet up to toward the end of the year it would be more -- just little under 5%. We now our goal to have to get to 480. We are little ahead of the game in the first part of the first quarter and of course we hope that continues.
Gary Coleman: I think John I understand, I believe what your question is, it’s really hard to say with respect to the impact of the sales might happen and we obviously really haven’t spent any time really thinking about how we might adjust the pricing at all with respect to changing the tax rates. We would clearly see and would just say if tax rates were to decrease to 25%, we would expect there to be a decrease in the cash taxes we pay, but at this point in time we really don't know what change they might make on -- to the tax base to ease into that to some degree.
Gary Coleman: We would and we should end up having a benefit on the GAAP side clearly. On the statutory side, it's a little bit more difficult to see exactly how that might materialize and how that might impact future cash flows if you will.
Gary Coleman: Well, John, in our businesses the direct response we will consider more than others because there is more price competitive there. In our agency operations, it's not that price competitive. So, I think we would be careful about what we did with those premiums.
Gary Coleman: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those were our comments and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
