Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Net operating income for the first quarter was $137 million or $1.52 per share, a per share increase of 9% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $133 million or $1.48 per share, 17% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of March 31 was 15.5% and our book value per share was $39.68, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $46.85, a 2% increase. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $489 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $141 million. The growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth due to lower amortization on our deferred acquisition cost and the deferral of certain direct response Internet acquisitions cost that had not been deferred prior to the second quarter of 2013.  The lower amortization rate is a result of improvements and persistency attributable to our ongoing conservation program and is incorporated in our guidance. For full year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase approximately 3% to 5% over 2013. The growth rate for the year will be less than the first quarter growth rate primarily because the direct response Internet cost will be on a comparable basis for the remainder of the year.  Net life sales were $89 million, up 5% compared to first quarter of last year and up 7% over the fourth quarter of 2013. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, declined 1% to $219 million and health underwriting margins declined 1% to $49 million. For the full year we expect health underwriting margin to decline from 2% to 4%. Health sales increased 34% to $32 million due primarily to the increase in group Medicare supplement sales. Administrative expenses were $44 million for the quarter, 1% more than a year ago. For the full year we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 1% and be approximately 5.7% of premium.  I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $57 million, an increase of $1 million or 2% over the first quarter of 2013. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 7%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to increase by about 4% to 6%. On a per share basis, the increase should be about 9% to 11% compared to 2013. The growth rate expected for the full year 2014 is higher than that of the first quarter so the excess investment income in the first quarter of 2013 was the highest of any quarter in 2013 due to the impact of [calls of] [ph] higher yielding securities during the first and second quarters.  Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $13.2 billion including $12.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.1 billion are investment grade with an average grade of A minus. And below investment grade bonds were $552 million compared to $573 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4% compared to 4.7% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.6x, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 16%. Overall the total portfolio is rated A minus same as a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1 billion compared to $390 million at the end of the fourth quarter. The increase is due primarily to recent declines in market interest rates.  Regarding investment yield, in the first quarter we invested $158 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.4% and average rating of BBB+ at an average life of 25 years.  For the entire portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.92%, down eight basis points from the 6% yield in the first quarter of 2013. For full year of 2014, we expect the portfolio to yield approximately 5.9%.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Gary Coleman: Well, the impact of - the first quarter was really in a decline so we had higher claims in the first quarter. And also the claims for the first quarter of last year were little bit low. At Liberty the claims are high in the first half of the year than it’s - higher than they are in the second half, and it just so happen that is the first quarter was high - this year last year the second was over 40%, as a percentage of policy obligation, so it's little bit of seasonality here, for the year though we expect the policy obligation at Liberty be around 38% to 39% and that's compared to a little over 38% for the last year. 
Gary Coleman: Yes, I feel comfortable with the guidance we gave earlier. We did lower though our new money rate from 5.5 to 5.25. 5.5 is what we used in our previous guidance. As we have seen that market rates decline somewhat, though we feel confident that we can hit the prior quarter and at that -- again we will see increase in growth as year goes on.
Gary Coleman: If you may be the first quarter so our -- and may be second quarter it was last year but I don't think there is anything surprising here. 
Gary Coleman: We have talked about in the past digital $30,000 maximum face amount, so we have increased that up to around $100,000, if your question is, are we going to further up from $100,000, that's I am not sure that happens, it is little bit hard in Direct Response because we can't do greater deal of underwriting, it would be difficult to go higher face amount than that. 
Gary Coleman: Mark, it is really-- it is the case when we bought the company, we knew we are going to-- there will be significant changes made to the way recruiting was done, we expected this would take a little time to because they may (inaudible) jumping on, so we are not disappointed with it, we excepted this time, as a matter of fact it will be little air space.
Gary Coleman: Mark, on price I think that the -- when you look at total agent count and the management count is pretty much flat of last year but the growth is come in the writing agents, that's a good indicator because as we grow the number of agents, writing agents, that is the ones who will go into management so we think that's leading indicator that we will see increase in management as well. 
Gary Coleman: Yes, Steven, including the PBM fees is a new fee that we have stayed under the Affordable Care Act with over 1% of premium and in addition to that we negotiated a contract, there is additional calls for an option that we agreed to where we could renegotiate the drug (inaudible) in 2014, so that add that as well. 
Gary Coleman: I would agree with Larry. We do prefer the life business because normally the high margin and that's where our excess investment income come from, I think there is a point also in the niche that we have in the health insurance side. But for example this year we look at the premium income being flat, that's actually an improvement over the years you talked about Larry but we expect to see some growth there but it is not going be such growth that it has on life side and that's staying with us.
Gary Coleman: I think where we stand now I think it is a meaningful part of our businesses but to say whether it is going to grow or how big is it going to be in the future is difficult because it is such competitive market. In addition to that, there is a difference between the order of time market and non auto zone market, there are different levels there, uncertainty there and also when you take a look at it we like the business but the profit margin there is lower than say it is on our health business and life business. So it is less more competitive, it is lower margin. We are glad to have the business but it is hard to predict in the future how big it will be or it will be -- even it will be there.
Gary Coleman: Well, Bob, first of all as we said in our letter our first priority is to return the excess cash to shareholder. And we over the years we have-- the share repurchase have outweighed our dividends that this last year saw the first year we really hit at our share price, is gotten close to what we think intrinsic value and so that's how we mention the possibility of special dividend and that would be something we would have to discuss with our Board about but absent of an acquisition or absence of other cash we provided at the strong return to shareholders we would consider that if we felt we needed to send share repurchase because of valuation, but we are not there yet and we forget about this share repurchase to the first quarter but as you said we have another 30% increase in share price that we still not expect but we did -- we don't want to -- we recognize the fact that we buyback the shares at prices -- we can't just buy and just buy for the shareholders, so that's what we have to conversation about the special dividend, it has been possibility. 
Gary Coleman: From a historical standpoint we are closer to the intrinsic day or what we feel the value of stock is than we have been in past years. But we don't -- we are not close enough that we think we should suspend the repurchase.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. First, regarding share repurchases and parent company assets. In the first quarter, we spent $108 million to buy 1.4 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $76.09. So far in April, we have used $33 million to purchase another 427,000 shares. So for the full year through today, we spent $141 million of parent company cash to acquire 1.8 million shares. The parent started the year with liquid assets of $60 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2014. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividends received by the parent from subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2014 to be around $380 million. Thus including the $60 million available from assets on hand as of the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $440 million of cash and liquid assets available to the parent during the year.  As previously noted to date in 2014, we have used $141 million to purchase Torchmark shares leaving approximately $300 million available to the parent for the remainder of the year.  As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible. If market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be a primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets at the parent company.  Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiary. We plan to maintain our capital at the level necessary to retain our current ratings. For the last two years that level has been around an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis. This ratio is lower than some peer companies, but is sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings, the relatively lower risk of our policy liabilities and our ratings. At December 31, 2013, our consolidated RBC ratio was 341% and adjusted capital was approximately $70 million in excess of that required for the targeted RBC ratio. We do not anticipate any changes to our targeted RBC levels in 2014.  Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think it drops towards 592 for the first quarter and we really think dropping probably just 1% to 2% basis point sequentially over the course of the quarters. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, actually John it will be Q1 although little bit higher it will grade down just slightly over the remainder of the year but I think on an annual basis and midpoint of our guidance you should probably expected to be around near 4% of our net operating income before the stock option expense. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, the midpoint as you get closer to the midpoint you will be looking at relayed at around expectation it might be 11.5% to 12%. 
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2014, we expect that our net operating income will be in a range of $6.08 per share to $6.32 per share. Those are our comments. We'll now open the call up for questions.
Larry Hutchison: For Liberty National and for American Income, the severe weather did have a slight negative impact on both sales and recruiting. And at Family Heritage, the agencies were primarily in rural areas for a majority of the sales involved travel of large distances to market the product, it was challenging to overcome the setbacks and in addition at Family Heritage the inclement weather coincided with the company's major sales incentive weeks. With respect to the agent retention, we are not expecting a drop in agent retention at American Income later this year. We believe we will continue to see the positive impact from the changes and compensation we introduced in January, we will have better information regarding agent retention trends later in the summer. Well, primarily we are seeing three positive trends in agent productivity at American Income. Our total bonus earners increased in the first quarter, [the signs] [ph] of agents submitting new business on weekly basis increased, and the average premiums submitted also increased. Those three indicators would tell us that we believe our retention is going to better over the next quarter and through the remainder of the year. 
Larry Hutchison: We are seeing the same trends in April at American Income and Liberty. Direct Response is also affected by the bad weather particularly in the insert media, now some of the delivery of the insert media was delayed and that's lost because when you have bad weather, when the next mailing goes out it’s on top of the first mailing, but at the go get Direct Response had a strong first quarter and so they had fairly minor impact upon the Direct Response operation. 
Larry Hutchison: The Medicare Advantage disenrollment did not have a major impact upon the company. It was our estimate that in the first quarter, our production increased by approximately 10% to 15% because of Medicare disenrollment. The growth we are seeing in 2014 in the general agency really comes from the individual sales which is a result of strong recruiting and its implementation of new e-application and the group Medicare supplement we benefited from a the large case within the first quarter and that business tends to be little bit lumpy. We are hopeful of seeing more large cases during the year. But our guidance does not reflect that. 
Larry Hutchison: This is lumpy, it is a competitive market. And they are continually holding different large group cases and medium group cases. If we price to a profit margin and we either receive the business or we do not receive the business. 
Larry Hutchison: It's pretty early in 2014 to really measure our claims experience but we expect margins in Part D for the year 2014 to be in the range of 10% to 13%. 
Larry Hutchison: That's for the United American General agency; we said health sales from the United American Independent Agency to be up approximately 25% to 35%, group count Medicare supplement sales we said to be up about 35%. 
Larry Hutchison: I think med sub is really market if you look at the demographics certainly there are many people turning 65, so we are growing market over time. Our sales really are depended upon assumption of any disenrollment from Medicare advantage. What we are focusing on these recruiting agents to sell Medicare supplement business and we have implemented a new e-application system to makes easier for the agents to write the business to United American Insurance Company, so their growth is really driven here by strong agent recruiting and e-application process. 
Larry Hutchison: I think it is really the same environment, as I said we saw net increase disenrollments in the first quarter. As we look at the replacement forms is our estimate that those first quarter Medicare this Medicare advantage disenrollment led to an increase in production of about 10% to 15%. 
Larry Hutchison: I don't think the bad weather affected the mortality rate. And Gary said about the seasonal pattern, as we looked back at Liberty over the many years the claims tend to be higher in the first half of the year than the second half of the year. 
Larry Hutchison: I think uniquely affected Family Heritage. Again most of our agency forces for Liberty and typically for American Income in urban areas. And Family Heritage, those agencies were primarily at rural areas as for the sales force travel long distances to market products, given the bad weather in the upper Midwest and the East and even the South, it really had a negative impact upon Family Heritage. In addition, the Family Heritage, they have major incentive weeks and it so happen that the bad weather coincided with several of those major sales incentive weeks. So the impact was greater at Family Heritage and other two agencies. 
Larry Hutchison: If you look at our Direct Response operation and we also looked for the each of the agency operations and we have not seen any evidence of increased competition that field in our direct marketing. 
Larry Hutchison: Oh, quite a chance of a product that doesn't sell itself, they need to sold to an agency so we believe in the agency system but we think we have had great success with Direct Response in all three channels, in Direct Response, through the direct mail, the electronic media, fastest growing segment is electronic media. And part of the reason I can see we are not seeing an increased competition, if you look at the electronic media in the first quarter; our inquiries were up 40% compared to same period a year ago. And we don't think that will continue for the full year, we are expecting electronic media inquiries to be up at least 20% for the full year. And so electronic air and electronic media as we focus on different areas. We are comfortable that globe will continue to grow and it supports the other two segments, other two channels in its distribution. 
Larry Hutchison: Before answering (inaudible) it is an excellent question, the actual numbers of course the issue is higher face amount has increased , by offering the higher face amount we are also seeing even bigger increase and policies issue across all policy face amount. So we are continuing to explore higher face amount, what we are finding it that helps our sales and the other smaller face amounts that remains more offer, that we really rolled out in the third and fourth quarter different rates and different real products with testing started all products now sometime at runway, we will try to addressing that in the third and fourth quarter that we are seeing result of those additional tests. 
Larry Hutchison: It is geographic, it is different packaging, it is different writers doing -- there is lot of different testing we do with these all products. 
Larry Hutchison: I don't think it has been disappointing. I think we made some adjustments in the system from recruiting last year. So you look at this year, year-to-date it was disappointed first quarter because it was hit by the bad weather, if you go to the second quarter we are seeing some positive indicators for both recruiting and sales. Our sales projections for 2014 are in range of 2% to 6%. We think the agent count at the end of the year for 2014 in a range of 600 to 725 agents. Now the growth at Family Heritage is going to come from the increased in the sales force. And so that's our focus and we believe that it is sales force grows and significant growth in production follows that sales growth. 
Larry Hutchison: I think the fall off is an indication of the retention issues we had over the last 15 to 18 months. As we see better retention first year agents would expect to see in the third, fourth quarter, and those veteran agents numbers will grow. When you think about it, in any quarter you are going to loose certain veteran agents. If you are not adding new agents that entered that 13 month that number will be flat or slightly drop.
Larry Hutchison: No, we are not in exchanges currently, and we are not exploring opportunities in the supplemental health market, and so as we look at the exchanges of Obama care, we look at those opportunities we know there going to be gap, there will be product, need to be filled so that's our focus but to be on exchanges to -- 
Larry Hutchison: We don't think so. Certainly that going to affect our individual market and then the group those are courted individually and so those groups it could be competition but we think also be competitive in those markets. 
Larry Hutchison: It is possible. We do hope it grew so that's possible. It is almost impossible to predict that business so it is an opportunistic business and we are going to maintain our profit margins so we don't have proper margin basically size of the group. We maintain that this is a profit margin or this medium in a very large group. 
Larry Hutchison: I don't think it is more or less. I think they looked across the market and that's what that marketing group does is they go out and they are trying contacts and make groups and brokers as possible. And they are willing to write any size group, obviously there will be less competition. If you have a group it has 2000 members versus 20,000 members. 
Larry Hutchison: I guess if you remember if you look at 2010, 2011 and 2012, the decline you saw in health line were largely the result of the larger block of business that we wrote, it would have been subject to the Healthcare Reform Act, we decided to exit that line of business in 2010, as you see (inaudible) client, I think what you are seeing is a stabilization our healthcare business because a large part of America supplement business is growing in individual and also growing in a group. Long term, our focus remained on life insurance, we certainly like the health insurance business, we find the life insurance business to be more predictable and so vis-à-vis is sales growth and it is easy to maintain and captive agency force in a life insurance business than is in the health insurance business. 
Larry Hutchison: In fact as Gary said we look at Part D, it is an opportunistic market, every year we have been to achieve our target profit margins, every year we are going to gain regions or we are going to loose regions. Now currently we have about 20 to 25 regions and 35 possible regions. We hope to maintain that level of regions but competitors decide about the business and we could loose regions in that competitive business, if the auto assign market becomes extremely competitive, we could lose most our auto assigns but we still have our regular market, group market to rely on.  
Larry Hutchison: On the Part D case it was large case. I think it was approximately twenty hundred new lives, and the annual premium amounts about $ 7 million. 
Larry Hutchison: And it is not fixed point It is an ongoing analysis, we look at that every quarter, discuss that with our board of directors and again we will make a decision we think is in the best interest of the shareholders. 
Larry Hutchison: We have better sales in the first quarter than we expected, we had American Income Life insurance company and that should be driven by the percentage of agency new business on repay basis, we didn't really see the increase in the agents until about mid February. We are seeing positive trends with a new competition program, from mid February on not just new current agents; we are seeing the number of recruits and positive trends. It is little bit early to see what the effect of that new compensation system is going to be. I think it will be probably mid July, probably August and we have enough data from January, February and March that we can look at their third, fourth, fifth month retention to see the real effect of that is having. 
Larry Hutchison: I think we asked, I am trying to understand question, you are asking the four percentage of the Direct Response sales come from electronic media. 
Larry Hutchison: That's 40% of our sales comes from electronic media and that will be in multi media, I am including incoming total calls, the internet, social medium, mobile search ads. Mark, it is hard to give an exact percentage because as we have more of electronic internet traffic, we see a greater presence for social media and also supports our Direct Response and answer media operations for -- so they three work in tandem but we will give rough estimate of about 20% of new sales come from electronic media. 
