Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying that we are very pleased with the company's transition to primarily a remote workplace. While the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present challenges, our agents and employees have adapted very well to the current environment and operations are running smoothly.  In the second quarter, net income was $173 million or $1.62 per share compared to $187 million or $1.67 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $177 million or $1.65 per share, a per share decrease of 1% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 9.4% and book value per share was $73.26. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 13.6% and book value per share grew 10% to $51.21.  In life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 6% to $671 million and life underwriting margin was $162 million, down 8% from a year ago.  With respect to the premium revenue, we've been very pleased to see the persistency and premium collections improve since the onset of the crisis. However, the decline in margin is due primarily to approximately $22 million of incurred claims related to COVID-19.  For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow approximately 5% and life underwriting margin to decline 1% to 3%, primarily due to the impact of COVID-19. As a midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate approximately $45 million in COVID-19 claims for the full year.  Health insurance premium revenue grew 6% to $283 million and health underwriting margin was up 7% to $64 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow approximately 6% and health underwriting margin to grow 8% to 10%.  Administrative expenses were $62 million for the quarter, up 4% from a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5%.  I'll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations. 
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $61 million, a 5% decrease over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income declined 2%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income in dollars to be down about 4% and be flat on a per share basis.  Now, regarding investment yield, in the second quarter, we invested $351 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial, municipal and industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.37%, an average rating of A-minus and an average life of 23 years.  For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.38%, down 12 basis points from the yield in the second quarter of 2019. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.36%. Invested assets are $18.2 billion, including $16.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. For the fixed maturities, $15.9 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-minus and below investment grade bonds are $772 million compared to $740 million at March 31. And the percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.6% compared to 4.5% at March 31.  Overall, the total portfolio is right at BBB-plus, same as a year ago. And we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $3 billion. Bonds rated BBB are 56% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers.  However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted and capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets.  Because we invest long, a key criteria in utilizing our investment process is the ability of an issuer to survive multiple cycles. This is particularly true in the energy sector. Our energy portfolio is well diversified across subsectors and issuers. It is heavily weighted towards issuers that are less vulnerable to depressed commodity prices.  As we discussed on our last call, approximately 57% of our energy portfolio is in the midstream sector and 34% is in the exploration and production. Less than 10% of our energy holdings are in auto service, refiner and driller sectors.  The composition of our energy portfolio was essentially unchanged during the second quarter, and the fair value increased by approximately $320 million. While we have no intent to increase our holdings in this sector, we are comfortable with our current energy holdings.  Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're assuming an average new money rate of around 3.3% to 3.4% for the second half of the year. For the full year, that would translate to an average new money rate of 3.76% compared to 4.47% for 2019.  While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a lower prolonged interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rules since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio for the next five years.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity. 
Gary Coleman: Erik, we experienced about a $900,000 positive impact in the second quarter. Now that will grow as, toward the end of the year, we're expecting to be closer to $8 million positive in the remainder of the year. Excluding the $900,000 or so for the second quarter, our policy obligations would have still been up slightly, but that's offset a little bit by the fact that we had lower non-deferred commissions and amortization. So, again, it had pretty low impact in this quarter. We'll see more of the impact as we go through the remainder of the year. 
Gary Coleman: And, Tom, as far as the COVID claims, they're not policies that are issued in 2020 and there's very little issued in 2019. The clients have really been spread out through policies issued prior to 2019 fairly evenly throughout the years, but it hadn't come from either 2019 or 2020. 
Gary Coleman: Offsetting the benefit we'll get from the COVID clients is, in the Med sup business, we've seen increasing claims there. We noted that last year, 2019, and we have requested rate increases. Well, the higher claims continued at least through the first quarter of this year and we haven't yet gotten the full benefit of rate increases. So, the combination of those two things has caused us to see an increase in the policy obligations on the Med sup business. And that's offsetting a little bit of the payroll benefits that we're getting from the COVID. We'll still have a slight benefit, but it won't be the full COVID benefit. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Erik. We anticipate starting with repurchase levels probably in that $90 million to $100 million per quarter range. That's where, at the beginning of the year, we would have thought we'd be on kind of a per quarter basis. And then, following our historical practice, we would – our repurchases normally occur over time and somewhat ratable over the course of the quarter.  And then remember that we'd be under no mandate to spend any specified amount. So, that really gives us the flexibility to slow it down if economic conditions were to deteriorate over the course of the remainder of the year. Or if everything looks good, if you will, by the end of the year, and the economy is not – is performing basically as consensus would indicate it, we do think, ultimately, the total level of repurchases by the end of the year should be pretty close to what we had thought, somewhere in that$375 million to $385 million of excess cash flow that we would have for 2020. Given that we've already spent $140 million in the first quarter, we could see, if everything works out that we'd be at that – not to exceed that $240 million level. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Hi, Ryan. That's a good question. And the debt capital markets really are very favorable right now. And obviously, rates have come down significantly over the last couple of months. We have been in quite a few conversations with several of our bankers. And assuming that the market conditions do continue to be favorable, we will be considering issuing some long-term senior debt here in the third quarter. Or at least relatively soon. And then, we would anticipate using the proceeds of that to refinance that $300 million term loan that we did take out earlier in the year. 
Frank Svoboda: And the other thing I would add to that is that it was – as Larry said, we've actually seen fewer claims and greater persistency, which, in our minds, kind of reiterate kind of the view of the importance of life insurance to our policyholders. But we also saw the situation where our policyholders were accelerating their premiums. So, rather than seeing higher lapses, and we've actually seen acceleration of premiums, people paying a little bit of ahead of time on their policies. 
Frank Svoboda: Out of the $22 million we've paid, roughly $10 million to $10.5 million of that has been paid in actual cash. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, we really just do – we feel much better about where the impact of the COVID related claims might be. We're able to do just a better job of modeling to where we have a decent sense of where that will turn out for us. So, as we do think about the range, we kind of typically have a $0.10 or so range this time, on this particular call, kind of historically. We are expanding it greater than what we typically have just because of some of the uncertainty around the ultimate COVID life claims. But at this point in time of the year, new money rates on our investments don't have that much impact on the overall GAAP earnings, the amount of sales between now and then does not have as significant of an impact. So, our primary variable really is around what happened with our COVID claims at this point in time. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. Jimmy, it really hasn't too much. We really don't think it will have that much effect on our overall marketing efforts, just given the kind of the nature of our products. And then, as you kind of mentioned, it really won't have an impact on our cost of capital at all. So, we're not – while we'd rather have had it not happen, we really don't see it having a meaningful impact on our business. 
Frank Svoboda: Larry, one thing I'd like to follow up on Tom's question regarding amount of exposure to the State of Texas, I did come across that. We have about 7.5% of our total face amount of our policies in force are within the State of Texas. 
Larry Hutchison: I think the question is – I'd answer it this way. For direct to consumer business, our marketing costs are mostly fixed. For sales that are greater than those planned generally provide additional margin, which could help offset the higher mortality costs. 
Larry Hutchison: I don't think we have that information available to say what percentage of our insureds. What we know is that our persistency was actually better than expected during the quarter. 
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry. We monitor the incoming insurance applications for indications of change in the risk profile. This monitoring includes things like age, amount of insurance and geography. At this point, we've not seen a material change in the risk profile, and we're very comfortable with the sales to date. And we still have the ability to put other marketing or underwriting limitations in place should we observe changes in the incoming applications that could have a negative effect on our profitability. 
Larry Hutchison: On the direct to consumer, we've limited the amount of insurance and the upper ages. We've also discontinued some add-on insurance in those upper ages. And additionally, we've temporarily stopped issuing policies to applicants with certain underlying health conditions. So, that's three of the specific items we've taken steps in our underwriting process. 
Larry Hutchison: If you remember, in the first quarter, we were basically flat and we're up 43% in the second quarter. If we look at our different channels, we think sales will be even across all channels in the third and fourth quarter. We just don't think the sales increases will be as robust in the third and fourth quarters as they were in the second quarter. 
Larry Hutchison: Year-to-date, recruiting in American Income is up about 17%. And what's really driving that is the – not just the unemployed, but the underemployed. There are a number of people that are underemployed and looking for a better opportunity. It's really the second half of the year, I think, we'll have strong recruiting in all three agencies. The development of virtual recruiting is really another impetus. As we've developed virtual recruiting, it's strengthened the recruiting process in all three agencies because we can reach more people that are interested in their career and the virtual selling has been a positive because it appeals to more people because they have more flexibility on when they set appointments and make presentations. So, I think the second half of the year will have strong recruiting, just like the second quarter.
Larry Hutchison: We saw a real improvement as we worked through the quarter. At the beginning of the quarter, for all agents, not just new agents, we were making transition from in-person sales to virtual sales. Of course, that was the easiest in American Income because they sell individual products in urban areas using union or non-union leads. The transition there to virtual sales and the necessary training happened fairly quickly.  At Liberty National, Family Heritage, they don't have the same lead sources. Their lead sources have usually been more and the presentations have been in person. So, it was a little slower process. But by the last two weeks of the second quarter, we saw submitted business roughly equal to what it was for the same period of time in 2019. 
Larry Hutchison: Well, the pandemic really increased the awareness of need for life insurance. And the increases across all four channels, really, we can immediately meet that new need because we weren't constrained by having to train agents or change to virtual. All the investment we've made over the last couple of years, particularly in the Internet, and our inbound phone call center, has really paid off because they immediately were able to meet the increased demand for life insurance. 
Larry Hutchison: Does vary by company. In American Income, Texas is less important than some other states. You're talking overall, I agree with that. But Texas, I believe, is the largest state for direct to consumer. 
