Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, net income was $189 million or $1.84 per share compared to $189 million or $1.76 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $182 million or $1.78 per share, an increase of 2% per share from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 8.9% and book value per share is $84.52. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, Return on equity was 12.5% and book value per share is $57.11, up 9% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, as we've noted before, we have seen improved persistency since the onset of the pandemic. In the third quarter, life premium revenue increased 8% from a year ago to $729 million. Life underwriting margin was $162 million, down 5% from a year ago. The decline in margin is due primarily to higher-than-expected COVID-related claims resulting from the impact of the Delta variant. Frank will discuss this further in his comments. For the full year, we expect life premium revenue to grow 8% to 9% and underwriting margin to decline about 5%. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 4% over the year ago quarter to $299 million, and health underwriting margin was up 6% to $77 million. The increase in underwriting margin was due primarily to improved claims experience and increased premium. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow 5% to 6% and underwriting margin to grow around 11%. Administrative expenses were $68 million for the quarter, up 8% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.6% same as the year ago quarter. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to grow 8% to 9% and be around 6.7% of premium due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, higher pension expense and a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We'll now turn to our investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy obligations and debt was $59 million, flat compared to a year ago. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income grew 5%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline approximately 2% and but be up 1% to 2% on a per share basis. In the third quarter, we invested $325 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average of 3.19%, an average rating of A plus and an average life of 29 years. We also invested $56 million in limited partnerships that have deadline characteristics. These investments are expected to produce incremental additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.21%, down 10 basis points from the third quarter of 2020. As of September 30, the fixed maturity portfolio yield was 5.20%. Invested assets were $19 billion, including $17.6 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $16.8 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus. And below investment grade bonds are $782 million compared to $840 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds at fixed maturities is 4.4%, and excluding net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio below investment-grade bonds as a percentage of equity or 13%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus compared to BBB plus a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 54% of the fixed maturity portfolio. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. Because we invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer has the ability to survive multiple fibers. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Low interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're assuming an average new money rate for fixed maturities of around 3.45% for the fourth quarter and a weighted average rate of around 3.9% in 2022. At these new money rates, we expect the annual yield on the fixed maturity portfolio to be around 5.21% for the full year 2021 and 5.11% in 2022. Fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next 5 years. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, low bond can drive on a lower to longer interest rate environment. Now I will turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Gary Coleman: Yes. Erik, administrative expenses for 2017, we expect to be up around 8%. That includes about $4 million for easily. Excluding that, the expenses will be up 7%. And it's again, we were still we'll see higher information technology and information security costs, also slightly higher travel facility costs as well.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'm very pleased with the overall agency results. Looking forward, the addition of virtual recruiting and selling opportunities will continue to enhance our ability to grow. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American Income, life premiums were up 12% over the year ago quarter to $356 million, and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $111 million. The higher underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and higher sales in recent quarters. In the third quarter of 2021, net life sales were $74 million, up 9%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was $9,959, up 7% from the year ago quarter but down 5% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 9,800. I've often mentioned the stairstep nature of our agency growth it is normal for to see a decline in agent counts after periods of high growth as attrition occurs and more emphasis is placed on training new agents. I remain optimistic regarding our ability to grow this agency over the long term regardless of economic conditions. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $79 million, and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $16 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due primarily to higher sales in recent quarters and lower policy obligations. Net life sales increased 33% to $18 million and net health sales were $7 million, up 19% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count and increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,706, up 6% from the year ago quarter but flat compared to the second quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,700. We are pleased with Liberty National's continued sales growth. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year ago quarter to $87 million, and health underwriting margin increased at 9% to $24 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due primarily to improved claims experience and improved persistency. Net health sales were down 1% to $19 million due to a decreased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,152, down 16% from the year ago quarter and down 6% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,192. The focus will continue to be on recruiting for the remainder of the year. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $241 million, while life underwriting margin declined 65% to $12 million. Frank will further discuss the decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $33 million, down 25% from the year ago quarter. We expected the sales decline. As you recall, there was a 50% increase in sales in the third quarter of 2020. While there is a decline in full year sales growth compared to 2020 -- the current full year 2021 sales guidance is an increase of 19% over 2019. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 3% over the year ago quarter to $118 million, while health underwriting margin declined 3% to $18 million. Net health sales were $12 million, down 8% compared to the year ago quarter. The decline is due primarily to a more competitive market we'll continue to protect our margins and pursue this market in an opportunistic manner. It is difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment but I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for the full year for each agency at the end of 2021 to be in the following ranges: American Income, flat to an increase of 2%. The Liberty National, a decrease of 3% to an increase of 1%. Family Heritage, a decrease of 14% to 18%. Net life sales are expected to be as follows: American Income for the full year 2021, an increase of 12% to 16%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 2% to 10%. Liberty National for the full year 2021, an increase of 29% to 33%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 5% to 13%. Direct-to-consumer for the full year 2021, a decrease of 6% to 12%. For the full year 2022, a decrease of 2% to an increase of 8%. Net health sales are expected to be as follows: Liberty National for the full year 2021, an increase of 13% to 17%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 7% to 15%. Family Heritage for the full year 2021, an increase of 1% to 5%. For the full year 2022, an increase of 3% to 11%. United American Individual Medicare Supplement for the full year 2021, a decrease of 6% to flat. For the full year 2022, a decrease of 1% to an increase of 7%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: In terms of major retention, we think the ability to sell with the digital presentation has made that agent opportunity more attractive. And therefore, we've seen an increase in retention and particularly the American income versus the prior two years. Agents are now going to make more presentations spent less time away from home and they incur far fewer travel expenses. The digital presentation is also with the geographic restriction for the agents sales leads. So in addition to that, virtual recruiting will continue to be effective. We can reach more recruits and virtual training has proven to be well accepted and efficient. This at right now that 80% to 85% of the sales of American income are virtual. We think that will continue past the pandemic.
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry. You've been talking about close to March '20 or '19 that COVID begin March of '20. In terms of adverse selection, since that time, we've monitored income and insurance applications or an indication of the changes in the risk profile that monitoring includes factors like age, amount of insurance and geography. And at this point, we've not seen any material change in the risk profile, and so we're comfortable with those direct-to-consumer sales to date.
Larry Hutchison: Sure. The decrease in agent count is primarily driven by lower new agent recruiting. There's been a negative impact on recruiting across the 3 agencies because there's so many work opportunities in this current economy. And we believe the COVID declines in economic conditions normalize, our recruiting will return to normal levels. And again, as I stated earlier to Jim, the ability to sell the digital presentation has made that agent opportunity much more attractive as agents are now able to make more presentations. They can utilize leads better. It's -- they can work from home, they cure far fewer travel expenses. We think that will help with retention and recruiting as we go forward.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. At the midpoint of the guidance, we're looking at excess investment income being down around 2%. On a per share basis, it will be up 1% to 2%.
Frank Svoboda: Well, Jimmy, as you think about direct-to-consumer, remember that they just have a higher mortality aspect to their business than our other channels. But when you look at the impact of COVID, in the third quarter, they did have about a 7%, but Liberty National had at 10.6%, which really reflected, one, it's a little bit higher concentration in the southern part. And then they also had -- in the ages that were impacted a little bit more by the Delta variant, which tend to be in the -- maybe like in the 40s to 50-year-old, they just have a little bit more exposure proportionately than direct-to-consumer debt. But direct-to-consumer is also being hit pretty hard with, if you will, with the excess COVID or compared to the other lines of business. And the -- for the full year with direct-to-consumer, we kind of expect to have maybe like 5.7% higher policy obligations, which most of that is due to losses or a little over half of that is due to lapses versus the excess non-COVID claims, whereas Liberty National and American Income, there excess non-COVID claims range from pretty flat to 1.5% or so.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Andrew, really of the 230-some additional claims, roughly half of that is that direct-to-consumer. So it's not substantially all just within that line. With respect to second part of your question that I'm not sure exactly what -- if you will, I think that's just more of the numbers there. It's -- I don't have any particular reason as to why from their total claims or where that's coming from.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I'm going to say that might be just a little bit higher, but that's not a number that gives us great pause with respect to looking at that level of claims over that period of time on that business. We're always going to have some claims that come in, especially in our direct-to-consumer business. There'll always be some claims that will happen in the first and second durations, if you will, after the policy has been issued. And for that level, really doesn't give us any real concern, if you will.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Our free cash flow was actually going to be down a little bit. We anticipate in 2022 and be in the range of around $280 million to $320 million, down from roughly the $360 million that we're seeing in 2021, really do primarily to $50 million of higher COVID losses, COVID claims that we're seeing here in 2021 versus 2020 but also really due to the significant growth that we've had in the agency businesses and their sales. And so of course, we've talked about it in past calls that when you have especially double-digit growth in those agencies, that's going to have an additional strain in that first year, but of course, very good long term. So it doesn't surprises that, that's down a little bit. But -- so again, kind of at that midpoint around $300 million there, then we've assumed for buybacks somewhere in the range of $340 million to $380 million over the course of the year, anticipating that we would use some of that -- of those excess cash at the holding company.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. For 2022, in total, about 1.5% of premium is what we're anticipating at the midpoint with about half of that roughly 0.8% or so due to the continued higher lapses and then the other 0.7% being still a little bit of elevated claims predominantly still at the DTC market or the channel.
Frank Svoboda: That's exactly right. So yes, excluding both the COVID and what we've seen in other higher policy obligations, we would say around 29.6%, 29.5%, a little bit higher than where we were in 2019. Really because with the strong persistency again and the higher premium base, then the amortization percentage is of being a little less as a percent of premium. And that's probably elevated, that will probably be 1% to 1.5% lower than from those historic levels. So the 2019 levels anyway.
Frank Svoboda: I will say that we do continue from an organization perspective, continue to support those organizations that are around good health practices and helping to support those types of lifestyle. But I would say nothing specific, if you will, around some of the more sensitive areas around masking and some of those politically charged topics.
Frank Svoboda: That's correct. And we would anticipate somewhere in the $80 million to $82 million of common dividends in 2022.
Frank Svoboda: Well, we do think -- I mean, we do think about that and we do recognize that. But I do recognize that in -- it was down from historic levels where we've been more in that 70% to 80% pretax law change back in 2018. And as we've talked about really in the past, what that tax law did was the reduced -- or it increased our GAAP earnings because of the lower tax rate, but it really didn't change our statutory income very much because our statutory taxes largely as they change the tax base, it really didn't change the amount of cash taxes that we're paying out. So it didn't have a big statutory impact. So then that knocked down a little bit from those levels because we're our statutory capital didn't change significantly. With the onset of COVID, during the last couple of years, coupled with really low interest rates, our basic statutory income is not growing as much. And when you look at the -- and this is the part that none of us here want to change, which is that growth in sales. And when you look at that statutory drain and the money that we're investing in those new sales, that's going to maintain really strong premiums for the long term. It does kind of have in the near term an adverse impact on our ability to return some of that excess cash flow as a percentage of our GAAP earnings. But we think in the long term, those statutory earnings will, once we get past COVID, we feel really good about where we're at from a statutory income perspective and would expect that to improve in future years as we get out of this.
