Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the third quarter was $131 million or $0.99 per share, a per share increase of 4% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $132 million or $1 per share, a 5% increase on a per share basis. On our second quarter conference call, the midpoint of the guidance provided for the full year 2014 anticipated net operating income of $1.01 per share in the third quarter. The actual net operating income was $0.02 lower due to higher than expected Part D drug costs. With fixed maturities at amortized cost, our return on equity as of September 30 was 15.1%, and our book value per share was $27.57, a 10% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share increased 27% to $34.55. In our Life Insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $492 million, and life underwriting margins were $139 million, approximately the same as a year ago. Net life sales increased 14% to $91 million. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D grew 1% to $210 million, and health underwriting margin grew 5% to $49 million. Health sales increased from $23 million to $48 million. Administrative expenses were $45 million for the quarter, 1% more than a year ago. For the full year 2014, we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 1% and be approximately 5.7% of premium. I have one more item to discuss before turning the call over to Larry. Recently, there were reports that Torchmark had suffered a data breach. There was an isolated internal breach in which we believe that someone at one of American Income's agency offices in the northwest used compromised login credentials to obtain personal information from approximately 400 insurance applications. We have notified the individuals affected and continue to follow the investigation. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I'll spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income; excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on policy liabilities and debt was $55 million, an increase of $1.7 million or 3% over the third quarter of 2013. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 8%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to increase by about 3%, and on a per share basis the increase should be about 8% % compared to 2013. These growth percentages are negatively impacted by Part D. We estimate that the delay in receiving reimbursement from CMS for the higher than expected Part D claims will result in $4 million of lost investment income for the full year. Excluding this reduction, the increase in 2004 excess investment income will be about 5% or 10% of our share basis. Now, regarding the investment portfolio; invested assets were $13.3 billion, including $12.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $12.2 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below investment grade bonds are $570 million compared to $586 million in a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.5% compared to 4.8% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.5 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 16%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A minus, same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.4 billion, approximately the same as at the end of the second quarter. Now, regarding investment yield, in the third quarter we invested $174 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.24%, and average rating of A minus at an average life of 18 years. The average yield and the average life are lower than in previous quarters due to over half of third quarter investments being made in private placements. Excluding private, new investments in the third quarter had an average yield of 4.86% and an average life of 29 years. Through today, the fourth quarter new money rate has been about 4.75%, which is the rate we've assumed for fourth quarter at the midpoint of the 2014 guidance. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.89%, down two basis points from the 5.91% yield in the third quarter of 2013. At September 30th, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.90%. We're concerned about the decline in new money rates this year. In the past analysts calls we've discussed in details the impact of a lower (indiscernible) interest rate environment. As a reminder, an extended low interest rate environment impacts our income statement, but not the balance sheet. If we primarily say our non-interest protection products account fall under Cloud 60 (indiscernible) or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not perceive a negative impact on our [same store] (ph) balance sheet. While we'd benefit from high interest rates, Torchmark will continue to earn a substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Gary Coleman: Okay. Jimmy, first, we'll talk about the life claims. Life claims were up primarily in direct response, although they were up slightly in the Liberty National American Income. Direct response declines were trending slightly higher than we expected at this point during the year, and I think we're expecting to be -- the policy obligation percentage to be half a point or a point higher than what we had in all of 2013. We don't think there is a significant trend there, but that's something we will monitor. Our American, our Liberty National, part of the increase there was that we have a (inaudible)in the third quarter of '13, but we expect the full year policy obligations to be at or around maybe slightly higher than what we had for 2013, but again we see this is more of a fluctuation than a trend. :
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, we're not anticipating increase in pricing at this point. But I think if you remember, I think it was a year or two ago, we increased rates of both American Income and direct response. And we at that time we increased the rates more than we probably needed to. And so, I think if we stay in this whole way down where we are I think (indiscernible) back then. I think we're okay at this point.
Gary Coleman: Yes, exactly. We don't like volatility and most of the higher claim costs and the volatility we've had has been in the auto-assigns. We're going to have a significant reduction in auto enrollees next year. I think we're going to be very careful in our products in the (indiscernible) law.
Gary Coleman: Yes. You won't see the big increases that we had because that has come, as we said, the auto enrollees will still stay with our individual group business, and we expect just moderate growth there.
Gary Coleman: The midpoint to our guidance, the underwriting margins are around 20%, 28% and 29%, which is -- we're going to end 2014 probably at 28.5, and so it's -- we're not expecting it to change from the fiscal … 
Gary Coleman: Yaron Kinar, we're not expecting a significant drop in the agent count. However, historically, we've seen increase in agent terminations in fourth quarter, Liberty National, the same phenomena, I think for both distribution, we issued the guidance for 2015 in terms of the agent counts, or be in a better position (indiscernible) we will be able to see what terminations occurred in the fourth quarter on both distributions, also (indiscernible) in the month of January 2015.
Gary Coleman: And they started out a little bit lower than that at the beginning (indiscernible) as the year goes on.
Gary Coleman: That should be on the agency, its agent growth that drives the growth in sales. I was seeing a pattern historically in each of the companies that we have stair step growth in the agency. Something 20% agency growth in American Income and you have similar growth for Liberty National this year, you wouldn't expect to have 20% growth next year; must get the sales guidance at 6% to 10% of American Income in model within that different levels of agency growth, different levels of percentage (indiscernible) that range, because  as the year moves on and if we have short agency growth, this calls for the 10% growth. If the agency grows slowly, it's going to be close to the 6%.
Gary Coleman: Colin, I mentioned email that we've had higher climbs in the third quarter than expected. And as a result of that, we may be more -- 47% to 47.5% is a percentage of all sale negations, whereas last year, it was 46.4%. I think it's been around that for several quarters. It's going forward. There will be a net 46% and 47% range. We still like -- so, again I think it's more a fluctuation and then we've been turning to that 46, 47 number for several quarters now.
Gary Coleman: What I think is seeing there a little bit is the catch-up effect of the first couple of quarters where in that 46 range, but we're seeing over the course of the year, that we're now saying it should be on that 47 a year said, you know, 47 or 47.5 to seem a little bit of a catch-up there in the third quarter.
Gary Coleman: We mentioned in the prior calls that we changed our (indiscernible) recruiting. This year versus last year, we actually had a quarter-over-quarter increase on recruiting. But also this strong growth on our middle management count this year. The middle management didn't help support the agent growth. In addition, we're seeing a slight increase recent retention which is another (indiscernible).
Gary Coleman: Being conscience based on the history of each of the agency forces. When I think about agency, it doesn't grow on a one-year fashion. It really, there's step growth. And you have certain agents, you would expect to see some increase in terminations in the following several quarters. (Indiscernible) see what's driving that agent force and life changes, continuing that level of growth. You would like to think we're going to have back to back 10% or 15% increases in agent channel. I think that's not realistic on a historical basis, it just stretch a little over agent growth in 2015 and in 2014.
Gary Coleman: We're seeing some positive results. First command, we seen is increase in the sales at first command. I think the important part of our business is not core. We really focus our growth in direct response, American Income and Liberty National with respect to the life operations.
Gary Coleman: I'll jump -- first of all, it's really earlier to be projecting 2015, we'll tie to that when we get to the fourth quarter call, but I think we build -- the midpoint is really where we're thinking we're going to be. At that midpoint, the 4.35, if we weren't losing the $6 million investment income because of this Part D thing, that has another $0.03, that gives us $4.38. That will be over 9% increase. We feel like it's going to be more around that midpoint and neither the higher or lower.
Gary Coleman: Okay. The administrative expenses, we're thinking to grow 3% to 5% next year. And investment income, we think the growth rate there will be at the midpoint. I think we have assumed 2.5% -- that's lower than what we have in 2014. But like I mentioned to John a while ago, with the add back we're losing on Part D, the increase in investment income would be over 3%, and that's what we'd expect.
Gary Coleman: Ryan, I'd say we'd like to maintain the ratings, but time maybe a good part. From a marketing standpoint, the S&P or Moody's ratings aren't that important. In our business, the rating is important (indiscernible) we have A plus, that's far more important (indiscernible).
Gary Coleman: I think if you think there is problem in sales growth going forward, we expect to be in a positive premium loan some time in 2017.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First, let's discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 7% to $194 million, and life underwriting margin was up 3% to $60 million. Net life sales were $43 million, up 18% due primarily to increased agent counts. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter were 6,155, up 13% from a year ago. The average count in the third quarter was 6,106, up 6% from the second quarter.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2014, we expect our net operating income to be within the range of $4 per share to $4.04 per share. For 2015, we expect our net operating income per share to be in the range of $4.15 to $4.55, resulting in a midpoint of $4.35, an 8% increase over the midpoint of our current 2014 guidance. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Larry Hutchison: Hi, this is Larry. We don't think there's any financial exposure here. I think a breach is really the wrong term to use here. It is not a third-party -- it can be information taken from someone within the organization. Actually, this information is very small. And we contacted the 400 people involved, so we don't expect any further activity around those item.
Larry Hutchison: Mike, the one reason that's taken a while to (indiscernible) block, and there is nothing unusual about the laps really, it's just a big block and we've had ups and downs and multi downs in sales in the past few years. Now, we've had sales growth, it's just going to take a couple of years that sales growth to get where we can at least breakeven on the premium.
Larry Hutchison: The direct response in the health job is the Medicare Supplement that we offer to the direct mail authors. It's an existing channel of distribution. We include those Medicare settlement sales in the direct response category. And we had a very large group who was added in the third quarter. And next year, we're not expecting another large group, and that's why the sales guidance for next year is in much smaller percentage than this year.
Larry Hutchison: I'd tell you, the overall results are better than what anticipated in the current season. (Indiscernible) through brand awareness and that's resulted in the growth in inquiries, and most were immediate channels. We are also seeing growth there in net sales, and the product marketing territories compared to the rest of the country. So we're very pleased with the results after the first year.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Gary. I'd like to first take a few minutes to discuss the reduction in 2014 earnings guidance. The midpoint of our guidance fell $0.08 from $4.10 to $4.02; $0.05 of this reduction is due to additional adverse Part D experience. The remaining $0.03 includes the effect of both higher Part D claims and a lower new money rates on excess investment income, and slightly lower underwriting income from our non-Part D operations. With respect to Part D, we have added new schedule on our Web site entitled "Medicare Part D margins," which provides information regarding Part D premiums and margins. As can be seen on the schedule, the Part D margin as a percentage of premium is expected to decline from 11.8% in 2013 to 7% to 8% in 2014. This reduction results from higher claims driven primarily by two issues. One: Claims that are related to the new Hepatitis C drugs that are trending at the high end of the range, we discussed on our second quarter call, and through a CMS administrative rule change implemented in the third quarter retroactive to the beginning of the year that effectively shifts responsibility for a portion of Part D claims expenditures on group business, from CMS to insurance carriers. For 2015, we expect significantly less volatility in Part D. One: We have adjusted our 2015 pricing to reflect the impact of the Hepatitis C drugs and the administrative rule change. And two: We expect to have about 87% fewer auto-assigned insurance in 2015 than we have in 2014. Since auto-assigns have accounted for nearly 85% of our Hepatitis C claims this year, our exposure to Hepatitis C claims should be much lower next year. While the loss of auto-assigns will result in lower premium income in 2015, we expect underwriting margins to remain relatively flat in 2015, compared to 2014, because the percent of premium profit margin should return to pre-2014 level. As we've discussed before, the higher than expected Part D cost don't just impact our underwriting margins. They also impact our net investment income. The higher cost increase the amounts paid upfront on behalf of the government, and we won't give reimbursed by CMS for their share of the cost until November of 2015. The impact of the higher part declines in 2014 on our excess investment income has been included in our guidance for both 2014 and 2015. Next, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our share repurchases and capital position. In the third quarter, we spent $97.6 million to buy 1.8 million Torchmark shares at an average price of $53.72. For the full year through today, we have spent $317.3 million of parent company cash to acquire six million shares at an average price of $52.30; apparent start of the year with liquid assets of $60 million. In addition to these liquid assets, the parent will generate additional free cash flow in 2014. Free cash flow results primarily from the dividend received by the parent from the subsidiaries less the interest paid on debt and the dividends paid to Torchmark shareholders. We expect free cash flow in 2014 to be around $375 million. Thus, including the $60 million available from assets on hand as of the beginning of the year, we currently expect to have around $435 million of cash in liquid assets available to the parent during the year. As previously noted, to-date in 2014, we have used $317 million to purchase Torchmark shares leaving around $118 million of cash available for the remainder of the year. As noted before, we will use our cash as efficiently as possible; add some better alternatives, and if market conditions are favorable, we expect that share repurchases will continue to be the primary use of those funds. We also expect to retain approximately $50 million to $60 million of liquid assets as a parent company. For 2015, we preliminarily estimate that our free cash flow available to the parent will be in the range of $360 million to $370 million. Now, regarding RBC at our insurance subsidiaries; as stated on previous calls, we have maintained our insurance company capital levels at or above an NAIC RBC ratio of 325% on a consolidated basis, which has historically been sufficient to maintain our ratings. This RBC ratio is lower than some peer companies, but has been sufficient for our companies in light of our consistent statutory earnings and the relatively lower risks of our assets and policy liability. We currently expect to exceed our targeted RBC levels for 2014. Those are my comments. I will now turn the call back to Larry.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Then, Jimmy, on the buybacks and the S&P issue, we do not see at this point in time any change in the long-term strategy on the buyback. We're still evaluating our various options to address the shortfall that S&P has, and -- I just want to point out that's just a change in view with respect to capitalization that we've had in place at the holding company and our insurance companies required some time. So there's really been no significant changes there, but we do think that there are other alternatives out there for us to use other than changing any philosophy on the buyback.
Frank Svoboda: Once thing I'd add to that, Gary. At that point, when we put enough pricing increase, we really anticipated at the time that the rates would stay low, at least in the 2015. So at this point in time, it's not a real surprise.
Frank Svoboda: Eric. That's exactly right. Our preliminary estimates and I will stress that it's pretty preliminary at this point, because we have not even completed our third quarter statutory filings and statutory income projections. But our initial look for statutory earnings in 2014 would indicate that they are -- actually will come in just a little bit lower than we had in 2013. Therefore the dividends up from the insurance companies in 2015 is expected to be just a little bit less, and that's what's really driving the slight decrease in the free cash flow. And it really is primarily the drag from the Part D operations that we're seeing in 2014 on both investment income as well as underwriting. Then you'll notice in general, we from -- funding several initiatives with respect to our sales growth, and keep in mind that all those funding, those initiatives are fully expensed on a statutory basis, so those do tend to have a little drag on the earnings as well.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it's really is a little bit of a combination. Both the underwriting margin that we're seeing overall, we do expect to be in that 10% to 13% range. So we do see that clearly, which is about where we've been pricing and where we've estimated on normal course in the past few years. And then, you truly just have less exposure to the autos. Several of the region the autos have very low underwriting margins as we've lost those regions, then we're starting to see that the overall margins on the auto -- what is left on the auto-assign business should come up as well.
Frank Svoboda: We just have. I mean we're basically going from 22 regions in 2014 to where we're going to have four regions in 2015. So we just have fewer numbers. Basically, our enrollment and it's an 87% decline of what we're anticipating as a decrease in the overall enrollment in the auto-assigns.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We basically have about a $115 million that we are going to be receiving, if you will, from CMS in late 2015. So we estimate the last investment earning should be close to $6 million, the headwinds for 2015.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, which also need to take into account when you're looking at that is the drag on '14 from the Part D operation. So, our underwriting income, the midpoint of our guidance at the beginning of the year, we were anticipating around $36 million. We're looking at coming in around somewhere in the range of $26 million, $25 million to $27 million in 2014. And we expect that to be relatively flat going into 2015. So that's creating from your starting point, that's creating an additional drag plus. So as we looked at it, if you do include the $6 million at the midpoint of the 2015 guidance and compare it to the midpoint of our final guidance here for 2014, you'll end up somewhere real north of 9%.
Frank Svoboda: We would actually -- within a particular region we'd end up putting in a bid. That would anticipate whether or not we'd get auto enrollees for that particular region.
Frank Svoboda: While you're ultimately pricing overall with respect to what are you getting auto enrollees and not, you're still not, the experience overall, between the non-auto enrollees we aren't -- I guess I'll just say that the experience that we're seeing is not necessarily resulting in excessively high margins on the non-auto enrollees.
Frank Svoboda: Well, internal financing of the overall capital, and back in 1998 we had -- at the time that we spent our Waddell & Reed, we actually had put some preferred stock into the capital structure of the insurance companies. And in exchange, absolute debt at that point in time but it's really done in connection with that that's been on Waddell & Reed back at that point in time. And they've been in place ever since.
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think it should subside, one just having better than reversing. We're expecting to receive that around a $115 million in the fourth quarter typically it ends up being in November. That can change just a little bit. And for then it will be there in these final invested assets as of the end of 2015, which will impact the 2016 earnings.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. What we're anticipating with respect to the 2015 plan, so we always estimate, we do attempt to estimate what the settlement with CMS is going to be every year. Right now, our estimate for 2015 is that we'll actually be growing that receivable if you will buy about another $30 million. And so over the course of 2015, which is also build into our guidance that we'll be funding about $30 million worth of claims on behalf of CMS over the course of the year, and then, in 2016, we'll be -- at the end of '15, then, we would have a net receivable from them at about $30 million that will be impacting 2016 earnings.
Frank Svoboda: Okay. So if I could -- and I don't want to necessarily put words in your mouth, but if I were going to paraphrase, I'd say the lower end of the guidance is essentially just to -- the opportunity that if a bunch of things just go against you, in 2015, weaker underwriting margins generally and maybe slightly lower buyback, there you go.
Frank Svoboda: Ryan, in 2014, it grew about 1%, and that's largely because of our pension expense. It was very high in 2013 and it dropped in 2014 with the change in the discount rate. Without a change in the discount rate, it would have grown more than that in that 3% range, without the decrease of a pension expense in 2014. So looking forward 2014, 2015, you don't have that offsetting impact on it and it will be growing just in a more normal 3%, 4%, 5% level.
Frank Svoboda: Well, it's clearly one of the factors that we're already evaluating as we look at our options. And we do recognize that the S&P rating does not have a particular substantial impact or really any impact on our marketing efforts, and we do recognize that many of our peer companies and most of our peer companies do have their S&P rating, the lower. So it's something that we're taking to consideration and thinking about as we look at those options.
Frank Svoboda: There is a -- when you submit a bid into a particular region, for particular plans, your filed plan, and we know already for 2015 whether or not the bid that we put in is -- how that compares to a benchmark premium, so essentially CMS takes all of the bids from all the different insurance companies that are covering low income subsidy individuals and comes up with what they call "a benchmark premiums." If your submitted premium is less than that benchmark premium, then you're automatically given auto-assigns. So when everybody -- all the insurance companies that have qualifying bids are then on a proportional basis assigned the auto-assigns and the enrolling individuals. If your bid is above that benchmark premium by more than $2, then you're out, and you're not going to be pulled back in. So, for the bids that we submitted for 2015, we've already been notified their bid was too high as compared to the benchmark premium. And again, you don't know what that benchmark premium is going to be at the time you submit your bids, but at this time in time we know that we're out in albeit four regions versus the 22 that we're in, in 2014.
