Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the third quarter was $125 million or $1.29 per share, a per share increase of 10% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $131 million or $1.36 per share, a 9% increase on a per share basis. With fixed maturities and amortized costs, our return on equity was 15.6% and our book value per share was $34.39, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share grew 20% to $44.86. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 6% to $454 million and life underwriting margins increased 13% to $130 million. Net life sales increased 7% to $83 million. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D, declined 4% to $170 million and health underwriting margin was $39million, same as year-ago quarter. Health sales were $15 million, down 6%. I’ll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the insurance operations.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Jimmy as far as the lapse rates to the American Income. If you look back over the last couple of years, the third quarter is generally a higher rate and it’s somewhat due to the timing of the new issues and the lapses that occur on those policies. We expect that rate to be lower in the fourth quarter. The third quarter for some reasons is just unusually high from American....
Gary Coleman: Yeah, we don’t – matter of fact we have seen benefits of the conversation. As you mentioned in the last story, so from the prior quarters, I think this is just, again I think that the third quarter is just an unusual quarter from a timing standpoint. And again I think in the fourth quarter if you go back to the improvement we’ve seen in the older quarters.
Gary Coleman: And secondly on Family Heritage I understood the question right. I would anticipate that the earnings for the first quarter that will grow from there. I don’t think that the first quarter be indicative of the entire year, but we really haven’t had a change as Frank mentioned to and to look at what the purchase accounting adjustments are going to be and right now we don’t have a good feel for the facts around this going to be.
Gary Coleman: No, there is no cost reduction expense that we’re factoring in and their expense ratios are very similar to ours and they’re very efficient and so the growth as we expect will be the organic growth of sales.
Gary Coleman: Well Chris I think part of the wider range this year is Family Heritage and we haven’t included that transaction. We have to study that transaction as we have a great deal into Torchmark, so that’s some of the impact of why we are at range.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think we’re assuming free cash flow of around $360 million to $370 million next year. And I think in our guidance we assume that our share repurchases would be around $360 million.
Gary Coleman: Yes, there was. From an underwriting income standpoint it’s pretty much awash. So there was an increase in the reserves but there is also decrease in amortization. Where there was an impact is in the excess investment income because of the increase in the interest on the net positive our goal is an average about $500,000 impact in the quarter.
Gary Coleman: I think it’s actually a reduction I think we had six regions in 2013 versus about 24 regions that we had in 2012.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, if you just look at the numbers, we had, as Larry mentioned we had 21 regions last year and 15 of those regions were going to be able to key the auto science, but we’re now going to get new, new auto science. And I think there’s five reasons where we will get new auto science. So, the core amount of that is we’re not going to see near the number of new auto science this year or in 2013 than we did in 2012.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think it was up slightly this year. I think if you look at the nine months, our life underwriting margin is 28% of premium and overall is 29% in the quarter. There’s not a lot of difference there but I think it the indicative of what the entire year will be if it is more in the 28% range.
Gary Coleman: Yeah. I think in our guidance, it is slightly better than 28%. But again, we’ll talk about just a smaller difference.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think there’s three things and that is still good about the Direct Response business. In 2013, I think on circulation, we have about 3% as the current net sales will pick up about 10%. We have initiatives, for 2013 in our gold products, our durables products and our other mailings. So their combination of those items, I guess feel optimistic about direct response.
Gary Coleman: Okay. Steve, first of all we think by the end of year, I think at the fourth quarter it would be 6.25 would be our yield on the portfolio.
Gary Coleman: As I mentioned earlier we’re assuming that the remaining $300 million of, I presume we get called in 2013 and they have an interest rate of I think 7.3%.
Gary Coleman: And so we’re looking at is by the end of 2013 the portfolio yield would have dropped from 6.25 to 6.04 and this sounds like these are very precise. These are our estimates. So that’s those hybrids still have a big impact. Now going forward from that, we’ll get back to where the decline in the portfolio yield is more like 10 basis points a year. But the next year we’re looking for a little over 20% decline in the yield.
Gary Coleman: They see an opportunity. Gary and I’ve addressed the top agents within the system and they’re excited about joining Torchmark. I think they see opportunities they’re going to have with the recruiting. I think it will bring higher ratings to the company. And to be a part of Torchmark, I think it will be a positive to that agency force.
Gary Coleman: Well, these are products that aren’t subject to ObamaCare. These are products that fall aside healthcare reform.
Gary Coleman: Well, John first of all, we had an unusually high claim quarter. And so that’s when we compare back to third quarter where we had an unusually large claim quarter there is a big difference, but the margin year-to-date on that business is at 10% and we think 10% of premium that we think that’s – this will end the year at 10% of premium and that’s not as surprising just because we price it at 10.5% premium. So we’re very close to where we price that.
Gary Coleman: Well Sam, we are seeing advantage from better persistency but for example in direct response we had a 9% increase in premium, we’ve been showing 5% to 6% increase. Well the reason we’d 9% this year was more of an issue that the third quarter premiums of last year were very low and so it’s just an unusual comparison. I don’t think you can the numbers you extrapolate I think you can carry for our fourth quarter but we’re looking for unlike the premiums next year and our guidance, we’re going to be about 4.5% for this year. We’re looking at next year being at least that much maybe to 5%. So we’re seeing, we’re going to see improvement but maybe not at the level you’re talking about.
Gary Coleman: Well, first of all, in the guidance we are assuming the same discount rate that I talked about earlier, the quarter-over-quarter graded up to six in a quarter. We don’t feel like, we feel like the situation would be very similar next year in terms of rates and that will be appropriate. As I mentioned, we did raise rates, the premium rights 5% this year, the effect of changing the interest rate assumption from what we had last year to this year, this year really we require about 2% to 3% increase in premium. So we actually increased the premium rates higher than we really needed but that – so but going forward, we still feel like the new level that we’ve gone in, the discount rates will be appropriate going forward.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, that is correct. It is going to be health business and it is somewhere in that range. We would estimate on a pre-tax basis yeah somewhere in that $25 million to 27 million range.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, the underwriting margins before admin expense are somewhere we expect for 2013 to be in the 14% to 17%.
Gary Coleman: And we do as time goes on and with new business we look forward to be slightly higher than that, but with the in-force block that’s where we’re estimating at this point.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, with respect to let’s say the capital structure, they are adequately capitalized at this point in time. They do have some excess capital if you will compared to what we would normally maintain a minimum 325% level. But at this point in time we do not anticipate taking out any of that excess capital if you will and allow that to help fund some of their future growth going forward. I think as Gary has mentioned earlier, there aren’t a significant amount of any expense savings that we’re really anticipating at this point. We will continue to look at their investment portfolio and to see whether or not there is some opportunities there and Larry I may pass it to you with respect to potential sales and potential sales initiatives going forward.
Gary Coleman: Do you look at their expenses as a percentage of premium as it’s quite low, it’s a very well run company.
Gary Coleman: Well, Jeff, we really haven’t seen it. I mentioned last year third quarter was low. We can’t expect we might see that this year but we said it was higher. Yeah, this business is priced every year and we just said and the clients come at different times. We just haven’t seen seasonality that we can count on.
Gary Coleman: I have got it, excluding family service, excuse me Family Heritage, we would project for 2013 that excess investment income would be down somewhere, this is dollar amount not per share, dollars would be down somewhere between 7% and 10% and on per share basis, excess investment income would be a decline of 2% to 4%.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. First I’ll discuss American Income. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $167 million and life underwriting margin was also up 17% to $56 million. Net life sales increased 12% for the quarter to $41 million. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 5,472, up 23% from a year ago and up 3% during the quarter. We are pleased with the continued progress at American Income, and are excited about the company’s future prospects. We continue to see growth in a number of newly hired agents who achieved our top bonus level. It’s the first time, top bonus earners were up 47% in the third quarter. Our middle management ranks also increased by 14% in the third quarter. First time bonus earners and middle management trends are both indicators of future agent growth. We expect sales growth for 2012 to range from 13% to 15%, while we expect sales growth for 2013 to range from 10% to 15%. Now Direct Response. Our Direct Response operation worldwide life premiums were up 9% to $158 million and life underwriting margin increased 8% to $37 million. Net life sales were up 3% to $31 million. While we’re pleased with Direct Response sales growth, it was slightly lower than expected in the third quarter, however, the new business written during the third quarter was more profitable than the new business written in a year ago quarter. We expect mid single-digit sales growth for 2012 and 2013. Now Liberty National. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 2% to $70 million, while life underwriting margin was up 22% to $19 million. Net life sales declined 6% to $8 million, while net health sales declined 24% to $4 million. However, both net life and net health sales have increased sequentially for two quarters in a row. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,401, down 11% from a year ago, but up 4% just beginning of this year. The producing agent count grew to 1,420 during the first three weeks of the fourth quarter. We continue to make progress in turning around our producing agent counts in sales of Liberty National. We are optimistic that agent growth will continue going forward and expect sales growth to range from 8% to 12% for 2013. Medicare Part D, premium revenue for Medicare Part D grew 63% to $83 million, while the underwriting margin increased 8% to $7 million. Part D sales for the quarter jumped 161% to $22 million due to the increase in low-income subsidized auto enrollees for 2012. We expect an increase of approximately 2% to 3% in our Part D premiums for 2013. This is less from the 2012 increase since we don’t expect this many new auto-enrollees out of our low income subsidy program next year. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. This is our guidance. For 2012, we expect our net operating income will be within a range of $5.15 per share to $5.19 per share. For 2013, we expect our net operating income will be within the range of $5.45 per share to $5.85 per share. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Larry Hutchison: There’s not low hanging fruit, it’s having the system of automatic promotions, it will promote persons out of the agent level, first level of management, the line by asking the fresh level of management, the second level of management is the sustainable number.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Larry Hutchison: And Chris I mean I think last year our range was $0.30, its $0.40 this year. And I agree with Larry that a big part of it is the Family Heritage.
Larry Hutchison: Well, Chris we’re always looking for M&A opportunities, but to find the type of company that we found with Family Heritage want us in the middle income market has kept the latency selling type of products that we like. There’s not a wealth of those kind of companies out there. We’ll continue to look and, but in the meantime I think the share repurchases will be the bulk of these of our excess capital.
Larry Hutchison: Yeah, that’s what we’re currently seeing. And one thing that benefited us in the third quarter, I think we’ve talked about this before through a partner we’ve got involved with some products...
Larry Hutchison: Well, I think one thing, it is going to factor into it is the – in fact there our excess investment income will be lower, I think I mentioned, it was probably 6% lower on a dollar basis and I think that’s we’re seeing that growth in the insurance side but that is a primary factor.
Larry Hutchison: The potential sales initiatives, first of all, is where the agency force, and to do that, it is two ways, one is better recruiting methods. The second is geographic expansion. They are concentrated in the upper Midwest and Texas and we think those products could be offered in New York, Canada, other parts of U.S. So that’s another part of the expansion we’re talking about was family heritage.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, on Liberty National, we believe that the recruiting systems are in place. We’re now meeting with the different branch managers in the system. They’ve accepted that and the first three weeks of this quarter we’ve seen continued, steady agent growth. So we believe that will continue. At Liberty National we plan to roll out a laptop presentation in January. We think this will further help in recruiting and training the new agents and we hope to see 20% of agents growth at Liberty National by 2013.
Frank Svoboda: Product placements and we’ve, I think we’ve done a $100 million of that, most of that was in the third quarter. And those are a little bit shorter but the yields are in between the 10 and 30 years off. We really look to get a strong yield on those on those particular investments and I think that helped for the quarter. That probably helped us get to the 442 but where we’re seeing it today and mainly we’ve invested so far which I think we’ve invested well over $200 million already in October, it’s a round up for 420 to 400 quarter range.
Frank Svoboda: No, not at this point. It’s just, the yield curve is too steep to drop down short and also it looks like rates are going to stay low for a while, and as I mentioned, we have been involved in the product placements where we had in the past. We’re still looking for other types of investments but we just haven’t found anything that’s better, we feel that’s better than the corporate bonds.
Frank Svoboda: I think in these terms we’re projecting premiums in 2013, this $327 million versus $319 million in 2012.
Frank Svoboda: Sure Larry. Yeah, the total premium in 2011, they had around $162 million of total premium income. And we really look at them growing somewhere in that 8% to 9%, 10% range over the next couple of years. So far, year-to-date through June 30, they have premium income of about $87 million that was reported on their statutory financial statements. So obviously just looking toward annualizing that you end up at around $176 million or $175 million and that’s around an 8.5% increase. So, we are again expecting that the premiums to go somewhere in that 8% to 10% range. I believe their sales but I don’t have that that number handy but I believe that it was somewhere in the $50 million range.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: So, on the $180 million of premium it’s a pretty good underwriting margin so we’re talking about roughly 15%.
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Is there anything you can do with the capital structure, expense structure or cross-selling or better productivity and that’s pretty good sales actually relative to their in-force but
Bob Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: So it’s impressive. Look forward to learning more about them as you hopefully own it in next week? Thank you.
