Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel, and Mike Majors Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2009 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the first quarter was $127 million or a $1.52 per share, a per share increase of 2% from a year ago. Net income was $122 million or $1.46 per share versus $0.91 a year ago. Excluding FAS115, our return on equity was 13.6% and our book value per share was $45.37, a 12% increase from a year ago. On a GAPP reported basis with fixed maturity investments carried at market value book value was $44.13 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 4% to $430 million and life underwriting margins increased 5% to $116 million, life net sales were $85 million up 9% from a year ago. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $135 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $44 million. Net life sales at American increased 25% to $34 million producing agents in at American Income grew to 4,201 up 20% from a year ago.  It was another outstanding quarter at American Income. During the quarter, we began implementation of a need based sales presentation via laptop computer. Initial results have been very encouraging. We will continue to expand introduction of this new sales process over the next three quarters, and we project sales growth at American Income to be in the 15% to 20% range for the full year.  In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to a $144 million and like underwriting margins grew 15% of $38 million, net life sales were better than anticipated up 8% to $37 million. As a percentage of life premium, like underwriting margin was 26% from the quarter, up from 24% a year ago. We expect this favorable trend to continue for the balance of 2010.  We also expect to see improved sales growth in the 10% to 15% for the next three quarters as a result of successful test conducted in the second half of last year. Life premiums at Liberty National declined 1% to $74 million, and life underwriting margin was down 17% to $14 million. Net life sales for the Liberty National [office] declined 29% to $9 million, and the producing agent count was down to 1,535, 12% less than year end. The agents count at Liberty [harvest] was basically flat since the end of January, and net sales have also stabilized, sales should improve over first quarter levels going forward although, we now expect a small decline for the full year 2010.  On the health side premium revenue excluding part D declined 10% to $203 million and health underwriting margin was down 13% to $35.5 million. Health net sales decreased 17% from a year ago to $17 million. Health care reform legislation will have an impact on some of our product portfolio. The effective products contributed $1.8 million of net sales in the first quarter and represented $109 million of enforced premiums at quarter end.  New sales of these products will be discontinued prior to September of this year, but we don’t believe there will be an impact on a rapidly declining enforced block before 2014 which would make the impact immaterial. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $52 million for the quarter, a 14% increase while underwriting margin was flat at $5 million.  Part D sales for the quarter grew 64% to $17 million. Underwriting margin from our annuity business was $140,000 during the first quarter versus a $4.1 million loss a year ago. Administrate expenses were $38 million, down 4% from a year ago. For the full year, we currently project administrative expenses to increase by 1%.  I will now turn the call over the Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. We currently estimate earnings per share for 2010 will begin at $6.10 to $6.20 range assuming no additional share repurchase. We’ve not included repurchases in our guidance due to the uncertainties surrounding the timing and volume of shares acquired. Those are my comment for this morning. I will now open it up for questions, Mark.
Mark McAndrew: Right, we’re going to have another $195 million of free cash and be generated over the next three quarters.
Mark McAndrew: Again if I look at the trends, the agent count declined that we saw in the first quarter occurred in January, really since the end of January through today the count, the agent count is down less than 1%. So it's basically stable, and if I look at the trends of business being submitted and issued at Liberty it is trending upwards, it's still got ways to go. We do have some changes that we intend to make here this summer which we think will add to it, but again we are not projecting huge increases there.  By the time we get to fourth quarter we have little easier comparisons. So I am saying that I expect sales, I think the first quarter level of sales and agent count will be the low point for the year , and we will see upwards trends from there but realistically it will be probably be fourth quarter before we actually see growth in our sales versus a year ago just because of the easier comparison. But right now we are still expecting somewhere in the 1% to 3% decline in sales of Liberty for the year. 
Mark McAndrew: We expect our health sales will improve as year goes on although our guidance right now expects second quarter sales to be roughly the first quarter level. Starting to see some improvement in the third quarter again, I first genuinely expected to introduce a new Medicare segment plan as well as have the repricing of our existing plans, and after that we are expecting relatively modest growth in the third quarter with better growth in the force assuming some one of our group sales are always better in the fourth quarter as well as we expect to see some benefits from the disenrollees from Medicare advantages plan.
Mark McAndrew: There are some uncertainties there, right now our current thinking is that $194 million of free cash as Gary said is probably about level of liquid assets we are going to hold with the parent just to provide some cushion. We still expect to see another $195 million of excess cash coming into the parent during the next three quarters based upon our current plan. We would expect to spend most of that probably on share repurchase borrowing on acquisition or some other better use for the money, whereas next year we may still well hold that cushion.
Mark McAndrew: No, we got a little bit of a loss normally as you noticed we usually have Rosemary Montgomery, our Chief Actuary, but Rosemary has elected to take retirement so I don’t have those numbers in front of me.
Mark McAndrew: I can say that when we look at our guidance for the balance of the year, we are expecting pretty small really actually under 100,000 our quarter of annuity margins.
Mark McAndrew: Well Ed never really use, again the excess capital at the insurance companies is not going to be available for share repurchase and as we said just taking what we think is a cautious approach, what we think we believe that insurance companies are all very well capitalized, have more than enough capital to cover most any contingency we do intend to hold some liquid assets of the parent company for the time being.
Mark McAndrew: Really at this point I can't because they haven’t been finalized and they haven’t been announced so its something we are still in the process, by the next go I should have more details on that.
Mark McAndrew: Again I think it will be a slower rebuilding process and mainly because we did have a significant turnover on our management ranks? So that’s our biggest challenge right now is rebuilding our management ranks, really before we see major improvement in our recruiting efforts, so we are projecting modest growth there in the agent count for the balance of this year.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I would say it’s a one, two year together to where we needed to be. We should see significant improvement in 2011. But yes I would say it's fair to say it’s a one to two year project.
Mark McAndrew: Bob, we saw an uptake particularly in the fourth quarter on our group sales, we did pickup some significant group Part D sales which improved not so much price although you noticed that our margins were flat when we priced our Part D for 2010 back in may of 2009. Basically the margin we are going to see this year is about one point less, and what we desire which we hope to make up next year, our price is still in a ballpark with most other people, but most of the uptake has been in our good side.
Mark McAndrew: Well, prior to this year, it has been the track that it has been on, probably now I think our opinions changed with healthcare reform legislation and actually the expected cut in funding for Medicare advantage plans. Most of people had the Part D where they have there Medicare advantage. So, I would expect as we see an improvement on our Medicare supplement sales that we would also see similar improvement on our Part D sales, and again how we continue to see good market there, they are in a good size.
Mark McAndrew: I wish I had a crystal ball Bob I think we are going to have a much better idea between now and the end of the year. What to expect there again around the 1st of June we expect to have new product, with new pricing on addition products. We are seeing more interest particularly in independent agency world. We got lot more agents contacting us with renewed interest in Medicare supplement. But we at this point we really don’t know how many dis-enrollments are going to be at the end of this year although based upon CMS estimates over the next seven years, I expect roughly 7.5 million to this dis-enrollment. But we don’t know what the timing that was going to be. So there is a lot of big question mark there, and in our guidance we haven’t assumed anything as far as any significant growth in Medicare this year. But I think we will learn a lot during the course of this year. How much and how fast that really occurred.
Mark McAndrew: We’ve been selling our products through United American really since the Medicare settlement marker place deteriorated. That is a broad benefit hospital search goal type power so it has internal limits for you but for example it would pay, if you go to the hospital it could pay after $3000 a day while you are in a hospital.  More if you are in a emergency room, that's a broad benefit product I think our average premium on that was over $2000 a year for that product. But it has the lower mandate in loss ratio. But we are seeing in the healthcare legislation, and benefits do not meet the standards being set out. But that is the business that we have de-emphasized and basically gotten out over the last couple of years. That is what you are seeing run of the books. So it's only $1.8 million sales in the first quarter, we still have roughly 100 million on the books. But by the end of 2013, we would expect that block of business to be down another 70% of that business full of flat stuff like that so it would not be a significant portion of our overall business.
Mark McAndrew: Well, an explanation would take longer than I have in this call, I’d be happy to sit down with you sometime you’d like to more details, but there are significant differences between the two. One, American Income has a unique niche, they have, there are some things there. It was interesting that our newest board member happens to be chief operation officer, 7/11 and obviously talking to him is some is like the difference between a company-owned storey in a franchise. American Income is more of a franchise. These people, they are independent contractors, the SGAs, they manage all their own expenses. We pay them straight commission and they are much more entrepreneurs I guess versus at Liberty National, we rent the offices, all these people are employees. There are significant differences in the way the two operate.
Mark McAndrew: Well, as far as we are concerned, I think we continue be in the March, so again if I look at Liberty National, most of their health business is being written through favorable reduction on the work side. None of those supplemental health products are being affected by the legislation. We expect that to continue to be a growing market and obviously Medicare supplement. I fully expect that market to rebound, I think we will see a rebound in the independent agent market faster than we will in our captive of distribution. But three years from now, that’s a long way to look, but I do expect the bulk of our health sales, I would expect we wouldn’t be back with high percentage of our health sales would again be Medicare supplement three year from now.
Mark McAndrew: Yes we will. Those two product lines are unaffected, at least have no negative impacts from healthcare legislation, and on the Medicare side, we think it will have a significant positive impact.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, I’ll try to be again as brief as I can but in the past and Bernard Rapaport, founder of American Income, I think the world of he put the current sales presentation of American Income, he put together roughly 40 years ago, and it was targeting set premium for people to invest in their life insurance, he called it in hour of power, so they were trying to get people to take one hours pay a week and buy life insurance with.  What we are trying to move to is more of a selling people what they need, first thing we do is take a survey, do you own a home? Do you have children? What is your income? What are your expenses? And gather financial information and look at with our current existing coverage is whether be group individual and the laptop then analyzes it and identifies both the amount of coverage that we believe they need, and the type of product that best fits that need.  For there number of advantages to it. One we have consistency of sales presentation; it makes them far easier to train a new agent as far as sales presentation. We believe we will see a higher average face amount being sold as well as hopefully a higher average premium but a side benefit of that we hope that it will also improve our new agent retention because we think it will make it easier for a foreign agent become productive.
Mark McAndrew: Well again we just we have started with just a handful of agency, we want to control the training of this, we wanted to be done properly, and so I think we will see a trend in as the year goes along, but if its impossible at this point really project what that’s going to add, it's just too early in the process . Again we just started this quarter introducing our first agents on it. So just too early by next quarter I should have much harder numbers on what we could expect to add.
Mark McAndrew: Sorry Coleman, we have to come down, a yearend we were holding $590 million of cash, Gary and that was on the $375 million at the end of the first quarter which we had expected to coming down in the second quarter.
Mark McAndrew: Yeah, we’re still around the 6% level and we are at $372 million of cash in short-term at the end of the first quarter. The $194 million will depend will probably, we are looking at different ways to invest and at this point there’s any short-term money, well the $178 million short-term at the insurance company, we’ll get that down a little bit but we’ll always just because of the timing we’ll do it near a $100 million. So we’re pretty much got the money fully invested at this point.
Mark McAndrew: I think most of the changes were made back middle of last year, and I think it was kind of finally reach bottom in January. Although on a plus side, our persistency is now back at the 2007 levels which is a plus although we hope we continue to improve on that. But, I think it just took that long for the replication to flow [okay for yourself] 
Mark McAndrew: Well, Colin I think one of our big advantage is we for the most of our controller distribution. I think that one of reasons we have higher margins and we have higher underwriting margins in American Income and Globe. If I look at American Income we just kind of model there that works I don’t know how to explain that any other way, we had to make some changes over the years to get it where it is, but now we believe all the pieces are in place. We can sustain that type of sales growth gradually double digit sales growth and definitely going forward. The Direct Response, it's grown every year since 1985, so it just has long history, we have some extremely good people there and we are just keep finding ways to do things better and continue to achieve growth.  So I don’t know if there any magic to it we have, we believing we have the best people with the knowledge, obviously our ability to control cost is a big plus for us one of the reasons we have very little competition there.
Mark McAndrew: Well I feel obviously believe we can and will grow Liberty National, Liberty Nationals grow it hasn’t seen growth rates similar to American Income in the 30 years as their own company but we do have to change the model, and we are changing the model at Liberty and as we are moving more towards what we have in American Income. I still believe in the next 12 to 24 months we will have the pieces in place at Liberty that we need. I look from 2003 to 2007 we saw decline in the EGM sales in American Income. We identify the problems. We knew it was going to take time to get changes in place that was needed to grow that company. But we did and now we are saving best for that, I believe the same will happen at Liberty National. 
Mark McAndrew: I think there is somewhere between I know that is something we have release shift in that direction. We may not get all the reporting to what we are in American Income. But we got to do something or even just for some of the accounting little changes that will see. We will move to more than variable cost structure at Liberty National.
Mark McAndrew: Again we haven’t run our actual cash flow projection for next year. There’s no doubt that the more we increase sales, it does have some impact on what your stats are earnings. Although I would point out that at Globe we are continuing, for example on our insert media, I said the response rates were up but we still spend less money in the first quarter, then we did it in the first quarter a year ago, so that’s a nice thing in that particularly at Globe and Direct response where we are seeing growth in sales so that’s going to a growth and level our expenses.
Mark McAndrew: While we visited with them here this last quarter. They are optimistic that they will see turnaround in the military market place and we haven’t included any turnaround there. We are including in our guidance for sales continue to balance the first quarter level for the balance of the year
Mark McAndrew: Okay, you are not coming across, perfectly clear but sure that we learn lessons from that absolutely, that's why when I talk about, will the turnaround there be dramatic, will it be quick, no it will take some time. That's why I think a year to two year timeframe is more reasonable, and because we did learned a lesson, we have standards for promoting people in the management which we are going to stick with, and as we turn that company around, we want the growth that we achieve to be sustainable.
Mark McAndrew: Well, that’s something we had actually we went back and we looked at the last time that was significant number of Medicare, it's an old release because I had the same question Ed , back in around 2008, we were picking it up look like roughly 3% of the dis-enrollees was basically the share that we were picking up. That’s probably not an unreasonable number going forward. So, I guess that’s about as good as I need to hear. Now when those dis-enrollees will occur, it’s a still guess, but that’s where I’m kind of loving it. I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t be able to pick up roughly the same percentage we picked up last time, we sent a significant number of dis-enrollees.
Mark McAndrew: Ed, I don’t have numbers right in front of me, but we can get those numbers for you, right now, we’ve seen a little up-tick in our individual Medicare sales but nothing significant. I think there’s a number as far as premium item website as far as where the Medicare sales are. We can get you some insured accounts if you like to add.
Mark McAndrew: I don’t know what our average premium is today but the last I looked at it was something in excess of $2,000 per sale, so the average premium, so it's not going fall of that from number. 
Mark McAndrew: I have got that here somewhere, well I don’t have it right in from of me Ed. Again its our Medicare segment sale, I will split out on an exhibit on website.
Mark McAndrew: Well, that’s all of our comments for the day. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and we will see it next quarter. Have a good day.
Gary Coleman: We are slightly lower than the first quarter but due to some timing our dividend in income but there will be at that in the second quarter.
Gary Coleman: Jeff, I don’t know if anything that’s really unusual in the quarter, if you compare sequentially, we had some unlocking in the fourth quarter last year that we have benefited from but its as in that, I don’t know if there is anything unusual in this quarter.
Gary Coleman: That’s primarily growth in agents. Again I think you’ll notice that our, I think somebody brought up that our first year agent count in American Income decline slightly in the quarter. That I’m not concerned with, in fact in retrospect there was big push put on in December to American Income to break to 4,000 agent mark and as a result we saw an increase in our terminations in January and February, but recruiting is still running at record levels, and the terminations came back to normal levels in March ,so we fully expect to see that type of continued growth in our agent count. We are not adding in much at this point for changes in with the laptop sales presentation.
Gary Coleman: Yes, you’re right. That’s true because we have the realized losses of about $100 million last year that impacted. So yes, that $280 million could go to $350 million. Unless we have impairment we only got $1 million to the first quarter, so and we are expecting ,we’re not going to have that level that we had last year so yes you could get up in the $350 million level free cash flow.
Gary Coleman: Well, primarily in the first quarter I guess the biggest surprise was in our insured media where we insured one of our offers and other media. Those response rates made a nice comeback in the first quarter and higher than anticipated and that contributed most of the improvement in our first quarter sales. We still do expect to see on the Direct Response side, the improvements that we talked about before, with the beginning for the balance of the year. We still expect to see some of that turn to 15% sales growth after the balance of the year.
Gary Coleman: John, that's the main reason, if you remember in the third quarter, we sold almost $750 million of bonds and half of those were below investment grade bonds, but we did that in the last week of the quarter, and we ended the third quarter with $1.1 billion of cash and short-term money, we got that invested large part in the fourth quarter but some of those win over in the first quarter, we saw if you just look at invested assets in the fourth quarter or third quarter, you saw a good growth but we got that’s so late in the fourth quarter, we didn’t get the fall in income for the quarter’s revenue income. We finally got the first quarter’s full growth of income in the first quarter this year. So that’s just a delay.
Gary Coleman: Well yes, in other words it will grow. I think over prior grow about the same sequential levels it had in prior to this, the first quarter was little bit anomaly but where as last year investment income in total in 1% because of all the cash we have this in 2010 is going to be closer to a 10% increase.
Gary Coleman: The guidance does not include any additional share repurchase. The $195 million, currently we would expect to use most of that in the share repurchase assuming nothing else comes along that would be that we feel like it would be a better use for it.
Gary Coleman: Well I would add is that Colin we have seen the growth in the statutory earnings in the past to be about 6% or 7% with the new sales of the American Income. It's not going to drive it down them that much. We are still be running in 5% range.
Gary Coleman: What I had mentioned earlier is its year in '09 our adjusted capital was $1.5 billion, [1.476 billion] and the required capital is $416 million which gave us the 355% ratio and that ratio would give us excess capital $225 million over the 300% that we have managed during the past also mentioned as a $225.70 million gain from the increase in deferred tax benefits was allowed this year so excluding that the growth in excess capital $155 million and I said that, that could grow another $90 million this year assuming no impairments, and downgrades over the last three quarters because our statutory income is going to exceed what we will dividend out and insurance companies to the parent
Gary Coleman: Well I do , the ratio was more to 340% level but I mentioned also earlier the reason for that is we had more in terms of dividends required to be paid of the companies then what we received in income in the first quarter but that will reverse in the second quarter and where the dividends will be lower than the income coming in, so we will be right back at the 355% level.
