Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $1.27 billion or $8.71 per share, compared to $135 million or $1.12 per share a year ago. The increase is due primarily to the reduction of the parity contacts liabilities, resulting from the tax legislation passed late in 2017. While we view tax reform as being very beneficial to Torchmark and its shareholders in the long run, the positive impact of the new lower tax rates on current taxes paid will be largely offset by the expanded tax base over the next several years. Frank will discuss this in more detail in his comments. Without the impact of tax reform, net income for the fourth quarter would have been $153 million or $1.30 per share. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $147 million or $1.24 per share, a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 31 was 28.2% and book value per share was $52.95. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities and the impact of tax reform, return on equity was 14.4%, and book value per share was $34.68, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 6% to $581 million and life underwriting margin was $160 million, up 12% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded the premium growth, due primarily to favorable results in direct response and to a lesser extent, American Income. In 2018, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 4% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 3% to $246 million, while health underwriting margin was up 4% to $55 million. In 2018, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 3% to 5%. Administrative expenses were $55 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.4% a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $211 million or 6.4% of premium. In 2018, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 6%, and to remain around 6.5% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $58 million, a 1% decrease over the year ago quarter. The decrease is due in part to the negative carry from the earlier refinancing of a debt issue. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 2%. In 2018, we expect excess investment income to grow around 3%. However, on a per share basis, we expect the increase to be around 6% to 7%. In our investment portfolio, invested assets were $15.8 billion, including $15 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. Out of the fixed maturities, $14.3 billion are investment grade, with an with average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds were $702 million compared to $751 million a year ago. The percentage of low investment grade bonds of fixed maturities is 4.7%, compared to 5.3% a year ago. And with a portfolio leverage of 3.2 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, same as the year ago quarter. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $2 billion, approximately $916 million higher than a year ago. Regarding investment yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $262 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.36%, an average rating of BBB+, and an average life of 25 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.61%, down 14 basis points from the 5.75% yield in the fourth quarter of 2016. As of December 31st, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.60%. For 2018, the midpoint of our current guidance assumes an increasing new money yield throughout the year, averaging 4.75% for the full year. We were encouraged by the prospect of higher long-term interest rates. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We're not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate-driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent, and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell noninterest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or to put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would definitely benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Now, I will turn the call over to Frank.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I think, as far as the impact on the fourth quarter, it's more just the fact that we had -- the claims came in a little bit lower than we expected on the overall block. The changes that we're making in sales, we are seeing higher profit margins on new business sold, but the contribution to margin, new business in one -- in the first year is not that high. So, the increase in the fourth quarter really is more due to the lower claims.
Gary Coleman: Bob, we had a lot of those same questions. And that's one thing we -- as Frank mentioned, we haven't talking -- talked to the rating agencies yet, but that's -- I think that would be a part of our discussion when we talk to -- Frank, do you have anything to--
Gary Coleman: I think, Bob, for us, it's -- we don't have enough information to know. We -- again, we haven't have discussions with them, so we'll just have to wait and see.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $258 million and life underwriting margin was up 14% to $86 million. Net life sales were $56 million, up 7% due primarily to higher agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 6,959, up 1% from a year ago and down 3% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,880. Life sales for the full year 2017 grew 6%. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 2% to $69 million, while life underwriting margin was down 3% to $18 million. Net life sales increased 19% to $12 million, while net health sales were $6 million, up 21% from the year-ago quarter. The sales increase was driven primarily by growth in agent count and worksite activity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,112, up 19% from a year ago, but down 1% compared to the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,106. Life net sales for the full year 2017 grew 17%. Health net sales for the full year 2017 grew 5%. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 4% to $199 million. Net life sales were down 15% to $29 million. For the full year of 2017, life sales declined 10%. As we have discussed on previous calls, the sales decline is intentional. We have made operational changes designed to improve profitability in certain segments. Our primary marketing focus is to grow overall new business profits by maximizing margin dollars rather than emphasizing sales levels or margins as a percentage of premium. We are pleased with the increase in profit margins. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $65 million and health underwriting margin increased 9% to $15 million. Health net sales grew 12% to $15 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,026, up 8% from a year ago and approximately the same as the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,076. Health sales for the full year 2017 grew 10%. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 3% to $92 million. Net health sales were $28 million, up 17% compared to the year ago quarter, due to increases in both the group and individual Medicare supplement units. To complete my discussion for the market operations, I'll now provide some forward-looking information. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2018 to be in the following ranges; American Income, 7,000 to 7,400; Liberty National, 2,300 to 2,500; Family Heritage, 1,125 to 1,185. Approximate life net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows; American Income, 6% to 10% growth; Liberty National, 11% to 15% growth; Direct Response, 1% to 9% decline. Health net sales trends for the full year 2018 are expected to be as follows; Liberty National, 1% to 5% growth; Family Heritage, 3% to 7% growth; United American Individual Medicare supplement, 4% to 8% growth. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. Our debt to cap ratio at the end of 2017 is going to be a little under 24%, and we really -- we're projecting that the ratio will go down below 23% by the end of 2018. We looked at that and just -- and if we were going to bring our debt to cap ratio back up to some of the level that we've had the last couple of years, which has been around 26%, we'd probably have around $300 million of capacity, just to keep it at that level. And then, if our discussion with the rating agencies, we usually have a higher kind of limit, if you will, with respect our debt to cap ratio before they would be too concerned about it, so that would give us some -- even additional capacity above that, if we think if we needed it.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. With all thing else being equal, from a statutory earnings perspective, looking forward a year, we really anticipate probably between $5 million and $10 million of lower cash taxes, solely because of the tax reform. So, we think it could be a slight uptick from that perspective and then obviously there's several other items in there that could affect the cash flow going forward. But we would expect it to be at that level or starting to tick-up a little bit from there.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. The PBR that's come out, it's really more focused on some of the aggressive term insurance and the UL products and secondary guarantees. Products that we don't write. So, we have a few blocks of business where PBR will come into effect, but it is pretty minimal. And at this point in time, we really don't anticipate that PBR will have much -- any real material impact on the amount of our statutory reserves.
Larry Hutchison: Sure. Really, from the previous guidance, we really saw a little bit better experience on the health lines, so we are kind of following that into 2018. So, we are expecting a little bit, I think that overall, the margins to be -- for the overall, on health side, to be pretty similar to where they are in 2017. That was actually a little bit of an improvement from what we had anticipated back in October. So, the experience that we saw in the fourth quarter kind of helped us with that. But then that uptick, maybe offset a little bit, due to some higher administrative expenses. We're looking -- our pension expense is going to be going up a little bit again in 2018, so that will be a little bit of a headwind. Short-term interest rates, affecting our short-term debt, those costs, that will have a bit of our higher interest expense as well and then of course, for some of the higher share price, a little bit of a drag with respect to the impact of the buyback program. And then we really look at the option expense. And I think one of the items that really looked at is, while the increase in the -- or the decrease in overall tax rates gave us about $1 of additional earnings per share from just a change in the rate. The excess tax benefits that we've had, that's an offset against our stock option expense. Of course, we have, with respect to the stock option expense, you have a lower tax benefit, plus we have lower excess tax benefits. So, that's what's kind of helping to -- or causing that decline of the overall impact at the tax benefit -- of the tax rate.
Larry Hutchison: Yes, a longer duration of those, we continue to build the portfolio over the years. They generally receive credits over 10 years. 10 to 12 years, is -- there's a little bit of a grayed-in period. So, there's still several years out, with respect to those benefits.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. At this point in time, yes, they really indicated, we still have some work to determine what we think are really the appropriate target RBC levels for the organization, given the changes in the tax rates. We have yet to have any real in-depth discussions with the rating agencies with respect to any anticipated levels. We do think, that to the extent that we do need to put in any additional capital to at least make up for the lower deferred tax assets that we can -- we're really taking a look at being able to do that through some type of a debt financing rather than through our excess cash flows, but that will have to be something we'll have to work through.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, part of that, Jimmy, is also, just the seasonality. We really didn't expect the policy obligation percentage in the fourth quarter to probably be around that 55%, maybe 56% range, came in around 54%. So, it was -- really, it's the low end of what our expectations where. But we were expecting improvement there in the fourth quarter. Now again, as we look to 2018, we've really -- we expect some high seasonal clients in the first half of the year, so we kind of expect that underwriting margin percentage to be a little lower in the first half and then come back up again in the second half of the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, no. It's just kind of one of those funny anomalies of where the tax rate goes down, which should be good long-term benefit, but you have required additional capital. So, there's are some of the questions that we'll have to get answered.
