Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net operating income from all operations was $131 million or $1.05 per share, a per share increase of 5% from a year ago. During the fourth quarter, management determined that the Part D business met the criteria to be held for sale and is classified as discontinued operations. Net operating income from continuing operations, which excludes Part D, was $131 million or $1.05 per share up 6% on a per share basis from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $133 million or $1.07 per share, a 5% decline on a per share basis. The decline was due primarily to the fact that we had $11 million of tax driven realized losses in the fourth quarter of this year compared to a gain of $5 million in the year-ago quarter. With fixed maturities that amortized cost, our return on equity as of December 31, was 14.5% and our book value per share was $30.09, an 8% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $32.71, a decline of 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5.5% to $521 million, while life underwriting margins was $145 million, up 6.3% from a year ago. Net life sales increased 2% to $99 million. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $225 million and health underwriting margin was up $51 million approximately the same as a year ago. Health sales declined 17% to $16 million due to the decline in group sales. Individual health sales were $38 million, up 20%. Administrative expenses were $48 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.3% compared to 6.1% a year ago. The primary reasons for the increase in administrative expenses are higher information technology and pension costs. For the full-year, administrative expenses were $186 million or 6.2% of premium. In 2016, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 5% and to remain around 6.2% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: It's a little bit of both it's we are expecting and this is from our investment department gave us all reports coming in with a consensus. We expect the treasury rate to, although it's declined so far in January, we expect it to gradually increase during the year. Spreads we're pretty much expecting to stay where they were towards the end of 2015.
Gary Coleman: Erik, I was just going to say, Frank is right. We probably use the lower cost approach. And if you're talking about $50 million we could use the cash on hand or we could borrow short-term at a very low cost. To us, that's a much lower cost and reducing the dividend, the amount we're dividending to the parent company.
Gary Coleman: Well Randy, as far as where we're placing our money. I mentioned that it's primarily the industrial sector and that's where it's been as what we mentioned in the last two or three quarters. Within that it's mostly been in the consumer sector, we the transportation some of the other industrial sectors, we haven't really added to our energy exposure. As far as derisking, we don't see at this point a need to sell any of our bonds. And again let's talk about energy because that's what most people concern is. We feel confident in the bonds that we have and we expect them to be money good. So we don't expect to sell any of those. In the last few years we have, I think done a good job of spreading the risk of we were a little overweight on financials a few years ago with. I think it's -- I think we're pleased with where we are with our distribution by sector.
Gary Coleman: On fourth quarter we were just a little under 5%. And I mentioned earlier that we've had some tax driven sales at the end of the year that actually pushes a little bit under 5%. Had we not done that but I can't remember but it seemed like we would have been 5%, 10% or in that range. So far this quarter we've invested a little over $100 million as 5.25%. But the rates have just the last few weeks have gone down, and so, if we were investing money today it would probably around 5%.
Gary Coleman: Bob, it really is more of a timing issue there, because the -- if you compare the two quarters the reason for the higher margin is that we had lower policy obligations in fourth quarter '15. As it turns out, fourth quarter '14 was our highest policy obligation quarter and fourth quarter '15 was the lowest for the year 2015. If you look at on a year-to-date basis 2015 was 38% of premium versus 39% of premium the year before, so it's yes pretty much same. Our outlook for the coming year is that we'll policy obligations will be at around 38% level. And our margins would be somewhere I think at the midpoint about 26.5% and that's a little bit lower than 2015, but little bit higher than 2014.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I'll now go over the results for each company. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $213 million and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $69 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 9% due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average agent count for the fourth quarter was 6,590, up 4% over a year ago but approximately the same as the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 6,552. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 6,600 to 6,800 at the end of 2016. Life sales for the full-year 2015 grew 15%. We expect 5% to 7% life sales growth in 2016. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $185 million. Life underwriting margin declined 2% to $37 million. Net life sales were down 3% to $37 million. Life sales for the full-year of 2015 grew 4%. We expect life sales to be flat or down slightly in 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $67 million, approximately the same as the year ago quarter. Life underwriting margin was $19 million, up 24%. Net life sales decreased 5% to $9 million. Net health sales decreased 4% to $5 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,539, down 2% from a year ago, and down 3% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,478. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 1,550 to 1,625 at the end of 2016. Life net sales for the full-year of 2015 grew 4%. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 4% to 7% for the full-year 2016. Health net sales for the full-year 2015 grew 4%. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 2% to 4% in 2016. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $57 million. Health underwriting margin increased 2% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 2% to $12 million. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 877, up 12% from a year ago but down 3% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 911. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 975 to 1,000 at the end of 2016. Health sales for the full-year 2015 grew 7%. We expect health sales growth to be in a range of 5% to 9% for the full-year 2016. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 12% to $90 million. Net health sales declined from $51 million to $38 million. Individual sales grew 49% to $18 million. Our group sales declined 47% to $21 million. Individual Medicare supplement sales for the full-year 2015 grew 36%. For the full-year 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 8% to 10%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, as we have discussed previously, we've experienced lower than expected profit margins associated with prescription drug underwriting changes. So sales will be lower since we've now adjusted our marketing activities to eliminate the segments of profitable sales.
Larry Hutchison: Okay, thank you. There is two reasons for lower guidance. It's based in part on the lower recruiting numbers I've seen during the fourth quarter of 2015 in January this year plus remember 2016 calls two strong years of agency and sales growth at American Income. Over the two-year period our industry grew by 23%. So based on our historical data I just sort of expect solid growth here in 2016. I'll be in a better position to give that guidance into the second certainly by the third quarter call probably better feel for the agent growth for 2016.
Larry Hutchison: And if you look back at that, that's seasonal with the Thanksgiving and Christmas Holidays. Within American Income there is always a seasonal drop from third to fourth quarter.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think in looking at the increase at the mid-point, we really have an improved outlook on life and underwriting margins, underwriting income overall and there is a slight margin improvement at Liberty National given the favorable claims experience that we had in Q4. And then really the high -- really favorable sales that we had at American Income is well just a better expectation with respect to some of our premium at direct response really impact the 2016 guidance. You need to remember that the some of the reduced sales guidance with respect to 2016 really don't impact the 2016 premiums as much as they will premiums looking out past that.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, there will be eventually some of the capital freed up. We do have to carry some RBC on that business. We would estimate, we would probably carry, we don't have the final RBC for 2015 done yet, but with respect to that business that we would expect it to be somewhere may be in that $60 million to $70 million of capital ultimately we hold on that business. We would see that capital being freed up over the course of 2016 and then partially and then more fully over the course of 2017.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, and though it's a possibility that we would be able to deploy that capital or would be able to distribute some of that excess capital, but we would really have to be able to see what's the capital situation looks like at that point in time, but probably it really wouldn't be fully available if you roll into that 2017/2018 timeframe.
Frank Svoboda: No, I think our, as I indicated I think the free cash flow that was available for buyback that we see for 2016 should be in that range of $320 million to $330 million.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. As indicated in the -- in my comments that we kind of looked and have that rule of thumb that roughly $100 million of downgrades would extrapolate into probably needing about an additional $9 million of additional capital retained at current RBC levels. And so whether it be the cash that's available at the holding company or as we said from being able to access the capital markets that we would have sources available to make for additional capital contribution to the company if we needed to. Because just even using that rule of thumb if we were to have around $500 million of downgrades which is about half of the BBB energy bonds that we have out there that would really indicate that we would only need around $50 million of additional capital to retain our existing RBC levels.
Frank Svoboda: Always a possibility, but we would always be looking at the opportunities and looking for the cheapest or most inexpensive way for our shareholders to fund that additional capital.
Frank Svoboda: Yes that's right, and that 52% was what we had there in Q4. And for the year as a whole we had the obligation percentage of around 51% which was right at the top edge of what we had estimated for 2015. I think for 2016 we had previously indicated we thought the policy obligations would be around that 52%. If I move that up just slightly to somewhere in the 52.5% range is kind of what we would anticipate for the policy obligations and we're still really seeing our -- the overall margin percentage on the direct response in '16 being somewhere in that 19.5% to 20% range pretty much related I previously indicated, we haven't really seen a lot of change in that at this point.
Frank Svoboda: Well we really would be, have responsibilities for the business up until the time of sales unless there's some other arrangement with a buyer from that perspective. Of course really can't get into any details of how that might work. But I think the point was that from an RBC perspective, the way that the RBC rules work is if we sold it now or part way through the year, you don’t get 100% reduction of that at the end of 2016. Some of that bleeds over into 2017. And then of course we are settling up even in '17 just with respect to -- or potentially we could be settling up in '17 on just receiving payments and again just depending on how the sales process and what arrangements or work that would require.
Frank Svoboda: I mean in '17 let me modify that. In 2017 there is still going to be a little -- here again all that's kind of assuming that we have a business for the better part of 2016 and then there are you have a little bit of drag in 2017 just pending the receipt, if you will, of the various receivables that we would anticipate as of the end of '16.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, it really is a sale of contracts to be able to offer the Part D prescription drug coverage. So to a certain degree it is the renewal rights. We want to think about in that way, there aren’t any hard assets; we don’t have any systems, those types of things that are infrastructure, if you will, that's being sold.
Frank Svoboda: Generally I mean that's again kind of rule of thumb and looking at different multiple scenarios and kind of looking at just kind of what -- I hate to use the word averages, but just what can you glean from taking a look at all the multiple scenarios, including taking a look at just some of the part at just some of the -- we did look at just the BBBs and may be really more NAIC class 2s and moving them down into class 3 and what if everybody wants to go down a notch and I mean those are included in those various scenarios we took a look at.
Frank Svoboda: I would say generally with respect to the pace of the buyback is that we would continue for the most parts to have those buybacks radically throughout the course of the year. So we would still think about having 80 some million dollars some per quarter. And then where you do think that maybe there is some market opportunities, may be that stepped up just a little bit in kind of a near-term. Obviously, we have had that from time-to-time, where one quarter was a little bit more or less than the average, if you will. But I don't see us wearing for all strategy at any significant degree.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's correct. Looking forward to -- within 2016, it doesn't have a -- it will continue to have a drag throughout 2016, tends to build a more of a drag in the first three quarters of the year, but then a little bit more of that pop in the fourth quarter again.
Frank Svoboda: We have around, yes, around $75 million what we would anticipate -- excuse me, that's as of the end of 2015 that we would -- no, that's right. In the fourth quarter of 2016 somewhere in that $75 million range is what we anticipate being a receivable from CMS.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I mean -- again as indicated -- I think there is couple of key drivers that all kind of work together to push that down. But you do have the higher sales. Since we talked about you have higher sales and in the first year of those sales, acquisition expenses exceed the amount of premiums coming in, so there is a drag on your statutory earnings from those. And then in your -- you start having positive statutory incomes in that second year of this after the sale. But as you continue to -- as we have the last couple years, well we've had two really good years of continued sales and sales growth that's just pulling down on the amount of statutory income. And now we anticipate those future profits from the sales to start really emerging coming in the future here. But that's probably generating somewhere in that $15 million to $20 million of statutory drag in 2015 just by itself. And then in a lot of normal years you'd have good increase in investment income that would help to offset that. But unfortunately, the last couple of years with the continuing drag that we have had largely from the Part D, and then of course lower interest rates, and to some degree the higher direct response claims, we have been having growth in that investment income of only around at 2% or slightly above 2% level and rather than at that 4% or so percent where our invested assets are growing at. So that's winging on it. We have talked a little bit about we had some higher acquisition or administrative cost in this, just in growth in 2015 from some of our IT and pension cost and that type of thing. And then, the way that the accounting rules work for Federal income taxes, we just -- basically are -- you don't get quite the smoothing effect you have on for GAAP purposes. And we just end up having some higher taxes in 2015 here than we did on a comparable basis for 2014.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think your later comment. I think it's -- I don't see anything that was terribly unusual other than may be the drags of some of the higher direct response cost and then the drag from Part D.
Frank Svoboda: Right. It does not come through as earnings as you said. So that well it may be available as extraordinary dividend to the extent that our capital levels would permit it. But it truly would have to be something that would have to be approved by the regulators.
Frank Svoboda: I think you should -- the impacts of the co-variant from the other offsets were taken into account, estimated to some degree within that overall rule of thumb that I provided.
Frank Svoboda: No. And the answer to your question, the fact that it's just trading below book value in and of itself even for an extend period of time wouldn't require us to impair that security. We would have to take a look and evaluate that particular bond offering and determine do we think its money good. And as long as we believe that we're going to collect that, the principal amount from that. And in our particular case, we have the ability and the intent to hold those two maturities. So as long as we believe and can demonstrate that we will be able to collect that at maturity, then we do not have to have an impairment on the accounting rule.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. What I had just indicated was that we just had little bit of an improved outlook internally with respect to where that margin was with the -- from what we had back in the third quarter. So I think we're anticipating our overall margin to be somewhere in that 25% to 27% range for the entire year of 2016 and just a slight improvement over where we just kind of thought it would have been back in October.
Frank Svoboda: We had a -- we -- between Q3 and Q4 guidance we just had a slight increase in our expectation of the margin for 2016.
Frank Svoboda: Well, I think in my comments indicated that we're in the midst of discussions with multiple parties.
Frank Svoboda: It's kind of amalgamation of looking at multiple scenarios our investment department took a look at. Some of those scenarios would have taken -- would have looked at one notch downgrade for the entire portfolio.
Frank Svoboda: We would have also looked within that those range of scenarios just dropped from NAIC from 2 to 3 for a certain amount of our portfolio. And obviously, it is different if you -- if all of the downgrades go from one notch down to another notch. If it's all 2 to 3 we'll have some impact. But as a general rule, we believe that this rule of thumb will hold or be fairly close.
