Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $165 million or $1.45 per share compared to $1.03 billion or $8.71 per share a year ago. As a remainder, in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded $874 million in net income, primarily as a result of remeasuring our tax assets and liabilities using lower corporate tax rate. Net operating income for the quarter was $177 million or $1.56 per share, a per share increases 26% from a year ago. Excluding the impact of tax reform, we estimate that the growth would have been approximately 8%. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of December 31st was 4.3% and book value per share was $48.11. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share grew 11% to $44.32. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 3% to $600 million and life underwriting margin was $168 million, up 5% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins in direct response in our Military business. In 2019, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 3% to 5%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 5% to $257 million and health underwriting margin was up 6% to $58 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due to higher margins at Family Heritage and American Income. In 2019, we expect health underwriting income to grow around 2% to 4%. Administrative expenses were $57 million for the quarter, up 5% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7% compared to 6.6% a year ago. For the full year, administrative expenses were $224 million or 6.5% of premium compared to 6.4% in 2017. In 2019, we expect administrative expenses to grow approximately 4% to 5% and to remain around 6.5% in premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on the net policy liabilities and debt, was $62 million, a 7% increase over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 10%. For the year, excess investment income grew by 2%, 6% on a per-share basis. In 2019, we expect excess investment income to grow around 5%, which would result in a per share increase of around 9%. Now, regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets were $16.6 billion, including $15.8 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities, $15.1 billion were in investment grade with an average rating of A minus, and below-investment grade bonds were $666 million compared to $702 million a year ago. The percentage of below-investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.2% compared to 4.7% a year ago. This is the lowest this percentage has been since 2000. With a portfolio leverage of 3.2 times compared to our peer Company average around 7 times, the percentage of below-investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 13%, which is lower than the average of our peers. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB plus, same as a year ago. Bonds rated BBB are 58% of the fixed maturity portfolio, which is high relative to our peers. However, due to our low asset leverage, the percentage of BBBs to equity is in line with peer companies. In addition, we have no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, or equities and little exposure to commercial mortgages and asset-backed securities. Finally, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $524 million, approximately $225 million lower than the previous quarter, due primarily to changes in market interest rates. Regarding investment yield, in the fourth quarter, we invested $409 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial, municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.26%, and average rating of A minus, and an average life of 23 years. For the entire portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.56%, down 5 basis points from the 5.61% yield in the fourth quarter of 2017. As of December 31st, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.55%. For 2019, at the midpoint of our current guidance, we are assuming an average new money yield of 5% for the full year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
Gary Coleman: I think American Income is the primary focus, and American Income to increase our retention, we are changing our first year agent commission and bonuses attached to - there too, to encourage retention. We also have an increase of bonus for managers who are training new agents. We're bonusing middle managers and agency owners for recruiting and new agent retention, so we think those changes will lead to an increase in our agent count in 2019.
Gary Coleman: We are not increasing the amount of commission. We're just restructuring the commission to encourage the new agent production and new agent retention.
Gary Coleman: Alex, there is a little bit of - we are almost there, but there's a little bit of timing issue on the way the interest works through the net policy liabilities versus the assets. So we are - right now we're at a slight negative spread, but we expect that on average to become at least neutral in the next year or so, which means that most of our excess investment or almost all our excess investment income is coming from our equity assets. But within the next year, we should see improvement - or really 2020, we should see a point where we're getting back to where the investment rate is higher than what we're showing as a required interest.
Gary Coleman: Well, actually we - I think you're probably referring to Liberty National. At American Income we're actually continuing to see improvement in both first year and renewal rates, but we did - and we have seen in the last two quarters a tick-up in the lapsed rates for first year businesses at Liberty National. We don't think there is an issue there, but we've had sales growth in the last two or three years, and when you have higher sales growth you tend to - you tend to see a little bit tick-up in the first year rate, but that's something we'll continue to watch, but right now I think it's just a fluctuation.
Gary Coleman: I think it's a pretty realistic outlook. If you look at our last several quarters, our policy obligations percentage has kind of stabilized in this 50 - between 54% to 55%. We've really - we've seen some settling down and normalization of some of our, I would call, non-medical type claims where we've seen some increases in that over the last couple of years. We just see that continuing on and we always have the potential of having, again, some higher quarter - individual quarters, but we think overall it still should be in that same area.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. I think the fourth quarter is a little bit higher, kind of given some seasonality that we might see going forward, even though on some quarterly basis you might see the same percentage being in that range. I think overall for 2019, we really expect it to be pretty similar overall to what we saw in 2018. Somewhere there in the - between 17% and 18%.
Frank Svoboda: And then, yes, Alex, many of those bonuses are directly tied into that particular sale. So they do get capitalized as part of our overall deferred acquisition cost calculation and amortized over time. And they are - those are all reflected in our guidance.
Frank Svoboda: We haven't been given any indication that if we were to increase borrowings to fulfill some capital obligations would be a problem within the rating agencies, especially to the extent that we are staying at or underneath the guidelines that they have already set up for us. And as we've talked on earlier calls, they like to see that debt-to-cap ratio be no greater than 30% to support our existing ratings. So, the one thing that gives us comfort is, as we think about some of the downgrades and defaults that they really should occur over a period of time, and as we take a look at the growth of our overall capital over a period of time, it should continue to grow. If we were to borrow $400 million, say, at the end of 2019, given our projected growth in our overall stockholders equity, we would still be a little less than 28% in our debt-to-cap ratio. So, that's kind of assuming really worse case, if all this happened now. If that happens over a period of several years that - our debt cap ratio will be coming down from its current levels and give us even more capacity. And I think - and I say that not from a standpoint that we want to use up all that capacity, but I think from a rating agency perspective that they would have comfort that we're not getting too close to that maximum amount
Frank Svoboda: John, I would add, I think we're pleased with where we are on Direct Response. So it's a pretty big shift to turn around. When you consider 2015 - '14, '15, and '16, we had a decline in earnings, so we had an increase in earnings this year as the margins improved. Next year, we're looking to grow premiums in the 2%, 3% range, we would expect the margins to grow in that same range. When you look back over the last few years that's - we feel very good about that. And we hope that acceleration would go on.
Frank Svoboda: Well, we don't project out that far, but I would assume it's going to stay more - more years now around the 18% level as posted, and I think we had 22%, 23% four or five years ago.
Frank Svoboda: I think, overall, I think from a free cash flow, on an expectation that - in kind of a normal and with a steady growth perspective, we would anticipate that free cash flow to slowly grow over time. And so it does definitely has that potential to continue to grow from the current levels. Where you do see reductions in the overall free cash flow is where we may have spikes in our sales and where we end up having a very high growth year than the expenses associated with putting on that higher growth in sales, tends to be that drag on the statutory earnings. And it does take a couple of years before the profits of the new sales and of those higher sales, payback, though - that front year investment and then it takes - takes several years, ultimately end up - totally negates it over a period of seven or eight years. I don't have the specific numbers as far as a certain level of sales and exactly what that has - what impact that has on the free cash flow, but clearly as our sales slow-down and that ends up helping our free cash flow a bit and we kind of catch up from the - on the profits that we - that are emerging on the prior year sales. And then if we end up having some good growth years, then that will tend to have a little bit of a drag on it as well.
