Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen and good morning everyone. I would note here that our reported results for the first quarter of 2023 and 2022 reflects the adoption on January 1st, 2023 of the new LDTI accounting guidance. First, I want to thank the many members of our accounting, actuarial, investment, and technology teams for getting us ready to adopt this new accounting guidance this quarter. It was a substantial project and they did a fantastic job. Tom will discuss the new guidance in more detail in his comments. In the first quarter, net income was $224 million or $2.28 per share compared to $237 million or $2.37 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $248 million or $2.53 per share, an increase of 4% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 22.9% and book value per share is $39.74, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share is $70.34, up 10% from a year ago. In Life Insurance Operations, premium revenue for the first quarter increased 3% from the year ago quarter to $773 million. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4%. Life underwriting margin was $291 million, up 1% from a year ago. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect life underwriting margin as a percent of premium to be in the range of 37% to 39%. As we've discussed on prior calls, underwriting margin is different under the new LDTI accounting rules. In Health Insurance, premium grew 2% to $322 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $91 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 3% at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect health underwriting margin as a percent of premium to be in the range of 28% to 30%. Administrative expenses were $74 million for the quarter, up 2% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.7% compared to 6.8% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up between 2% and 3% and be around 6.9% of premium, due primarily to higher IT and information security costs. Higher labor and other costs are expected to be offset by a decline in pension related employee benefit costs. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the first quarter marketing operations. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah, Jimmy. We would expect statutory earnings to be lower from our subsidiaries in 2023 which would impact the dividends that the Parent receives in 2024, as a result of those losses.
Frank Svoboda: No. That is right. So as you think about the total realized losses that we had in the first quarter there was the one bank. We did have a smaller small bond related to a University of Georgia property that was included in the net $24 million in there as well. But that as long as Republic, would go through the statutory income in 2023, on an after-tax basis.
Frank Svoboda: And then, Jimmy, I was just going to note that there's other -- as we think about the changes in our loss claims, so we still have a certain amount of expectations with respect to the payments of -- we've talked in the past on excess obligations whether it be from COVID or COVID-related and obviously as those kind of subsides. So it's a little bit early to see. I think the initial anticipation was that those would be lower in 2023 than what they were in 2022. So we typically have some growth in our statutory earnings as well over time. We'll see how that plays out over the course of the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. We generally have commercial paper out there, maturing and then issuing again. So we would expect to just reissue that commercial paper as well. And we generally will maintain that $285 million to $300 million of commercial paper out there. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So when we did look at the stress test on those, we did take into consideration both the potential drift in the downgrades along with any downgrades, we would have within the fixed maturity portfolio. We looked at that the same way if we did have some drift in those as well. But then we took a look at the loss rates on those that actually assumed in kind of our -- the high-end severe stress about a 15% loss rate, which is about two times the Fed's severely adverse scenario. I think there is around 6.8% or so. And so we doubled that with respect to what we included in our stress test. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Good question. So we still think COVID deaths for the year will be around in the U.S. around 105,000. We haven't changed from that estimate. While we updated our assumptions last year, we reflected what we thought from an excess deaths perspective from the pandemic both from COVID and non-COVID causes. So that's embedded in our the midpoint of our guidance. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So on the ones that are maturing here in 2023, so we've got about $8 million of -- that are 100% office. One of those was located in Washington, D.C. one of those in New York City. And then on the mixed use there's about a $2 million allocation to office use of that particular property. So there's only three properties that make up that entire amount that's due here in 2020, or it's maturing in 2023. One of those is in the process doing renovations, they're in the process of actually extending that for another 24 months. So that will be extended into 2025. The other one that's a 100% office It's around -- it's a little bit different, because they're actually taking it and then selling it into condo style offices. They're in the process of selling that. And as they sell those offices it's -- they are repaying back down a portion of that goes to pay back on the loan. Given some of the current -- the sale bump from that particular property it kind of points to actually a loan-to-value ratio of around 42%. So something we're not very concerned there. And on the mixed-use they've actually got it's actually 100% leased and occupied at this point in time.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Just -- I mentioned that we had a small favorable fluctuation in mortality during the quarter. So we were pleased with kind of the overall mortality results really very consistent with our expectations slightly positive. 
Frank Svoboda: Remember again, from the free cash flow -- from the excess cash flow, that's really again driven by the dividends out of our subsidiaries from last year's statutory earnings, and so, any of those losses don't affect that cash flow as any losses that we have this year will simply affect next year's cash flow. But again, as we - although that it would be included in our stress test. And again, as we think about those stress tests, we're trying to really look at what maybe could happen as we're doing a bottoms-up approach, not necessarily what we think will happen, because when we look at our particular portfolio, we don't necessarily think that we'll end up and again, because we have that ability to hold, especially on the fixed maturity side. So we don't anticipate losses that would actually be occurring during the year.
Frank Svoboda: There would be some overall, you're right about 50% of our CMLs or in there CM2. And are you looking -- maybe I misunderstood, your question here, on just the…. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I'll be honest. I'm not sure that I'm able to give you that, what that rule of thumb would be. I mean there is definitely, as we do think about the C1 charges. We look a lot -- we think about size diversification and we work with that quite a bit, and then trying to get the diversification across the portfolio. I'll be honest, I don't have that something I have handy, to try to give you that rule of thumb. 
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. At American Income Life, life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $388 million and life underwriting margin was up 2% to $176 million. In the first quarter of 2023, net life sales were $83 million, down 2% from the year ago quarter while first quarter sales declined slightly from a year ago they grew 19% from the fourth quarter of last year. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 9,714, up 4% from the year ago quarter and up 5% from the fourth quarter and is consistent with our expectations discussed on the last call. I'm very encouraged with the sales and agent count trends and see a lot of positive momentum in this division. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $85 million and life underwriting margin was up 3% to $28 million. Net life sales increased 27% to $22 million and net health sales were $7 million, up 14% from the year ago quarter due to increased agent count and productivity. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 3,011, up 13% from a year ago quarter. I'm very pleased with the results here as Liberty continues to successfully generate strong sales and recruiting activity. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% over the year ago quarter to $96 million and health underwriting margin increased 15% to $32 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher premiums and improved claim experience. Net health sales were up 21% to $23 million, primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the first quarter was 1,298, up 18% from the year ago quarter. As we've mentioned previously, this agency has shifted focus over the last several quarters to recruiting and middle management development. Now in our direct-to-consumer division, life premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $248 million, but life underwriting margin declined 3% to $56 million. The decrease in underwriting margin is primarily due to an increase in lead-related non deferred acquisition expenses. Net life sales were $32 million down 4% from the year ago quarter. As we have mentioned on previous calls direct-to-consumer marketing is one facet of our business that has been impacted by the current inflationary environment. We've had to pull back somewhat on circulation and mailings as increases in postage and paper costs impede our ability to achieve satisfactory return on our investment for specific marketing campaigns. There is an offset to this, as we continue to generate more Internet activity which has lower acquisition costs than our direct mail marketing. In fact electronic sales have grown at a 5.8% compounded annual growth rate since 2019 and are currently approximately 70% of our new business. On to United American General Agency. Here the health premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $133 million and health underwriting margin of $13 million, which is 10% of premium is consistent with the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $15 million, up 13% in the year ago quarter. The increase in net health sales is primarily due to the sales growth at Globe Life Benefits. Projections. Now, I want to talk about based on the trends that we are seeing and the experience with our business, we expect that average producing agent count trends for 2023 to be as follows. At American Income Life, low double-digit growth; at Liberty National low double-digit growth; and Family Heritage, low double-digit growth. Are very nice -- I'm pleased to project that all three of our exclusive agencies are going to have low double-digit growth through the remainder of the year. Net life sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows. American Income Life, low single-digit growth; Liberty National, low double-digit growth and direct-to-consumer slightly down to relatively flat for the full year. Net health sales for the full year of 2023 are expected to be as follows. At Liberty National, low double-digit growth; Family Heritage, low double-digit growth and at United American General Agency mid-single-digit growth. I will now turn the call back to Frank. 
Matt Darden: Yeah. Jimmy, it does. You're correct. Those two are offsetting each other. Our -- as we've mentioned in the past, we are reducing some of our circulation in mail. And we'll continue to most likely do that through the remainder of 2023, in because of those costs associated with the higher production cost of that channel. But we're trying to offset that of course with increase in Internet sales. And so that's why we've guided to essentially flat maybe a slight decline from a sales perspective for 2023.
Matt Darden: Yeah. As we've talked about in the past, we've been able to successfully recruit in a variety of different economic environments. And as we think about, it we really look at what are the things that we are doing, because we always have good sources of recruits. And so we really focus on how effectively can we onboard new agents. And as we've mentioned, that growth in the middle management count who's doing a lot of the recruiting of new agents, training them and getting them onboarded that's a key aspect that we're focused on growing to be able to grow that agent count. So we're really not seeing an impact from a macroeconomic environment from an employment perspective. And if you reflect back on, we had strong agent count growth in Family Heritage and Liberty in Q3 and Q4 of last year. That momentum is continuing on. And then, as we talked about on the last call AIL, some of the things that we've put in place right at the end of the year are showing some fruits here in the first quarter. And so we've upped our projections for the agent count growth at AIL and in fact across all three of the agencies, just based on the individual things that we're putting in place in each of those divisions.
Matt Darden: It's really the latter, right? We don't reflect any access losses. And we do anticipate losses in general during the course of the year, we'll have some realized gains and losses. But -- so our base case does assume some, but not a significant portion. So in general, I'd say any subsequent losses would be borne by our other liquidity resources and the surplus that we have in our -- the excess in our RBC ratio that we currently have.
Matt Darden: Exactly. And in addition, we -- just our liquidity resources that we have available to us, if those losses did occur we have resources available.
Matt Darden: Yes. As we were thinking about the best way to refinance the debt that was maturing, we looked at a number of options. And we just -- one of the things that we're trying to do is to look at our maturity ladder as well. And so we thought it best to issue debt in 2024 to space out some of our maturities going forward.
Matt Darden: Yes, the assumption last year -- last year ended up being reflected in that 37% to 39% underwriting margin. So it's already embedded.
Matt Darden: Yes. Our debt capital ratio, as of the first quarter is 22.9%. So we have quite a bit of debt capacity over $700 million -- $700 million or $800 million to be a bit below a 30% debt cap ratio, which is kind of where Moody's sets their limit. So, quite a bit of debt capacity. And we'd actually expect that debt capital ratio to go down during the course of the year as well to give us even more debt capacity.
Matt Darden: Yes. Probably go back in history just a little bit. As far as, if you look at the increase in life sales for AIL in Q1 of last year, so Q1 of 2022. We had a 23% increase in life sales. And then in the second quarter of 2022, we had a 16% increase in life sales. So we've got tough comparables so to speak when you look at the first quarter and the second quarter of this year as compared to the prior year. But as we've talked about in the past, the agent count in the recruiting is a leading indicator for sales yet to come. And so what we're very pleased about is just that growth in the agent count throughout the first quarter of this year. And in fact each week in the month of March, we were over 10,000 agents again in American Income. So that momentum as those agents get up producing and as we've talked about in the past the more experienced agents obviously are more effective from a sales perspective. So as those new on-boarded agents get more experience, we expect that sales growth to accelerate in the last half of this year and then obviously that would carry over into 2024. 
Matt Darden: As far as our middle management growth in American Income, it's up 10% in the first quarter of this year. So that's what we're very pleased with. So that 10% growth in the middle management again helps us from a recruiting perspective as well as training and onboarding agents, and that's very good. We anticipate as far as just new agency owners new offices being open in American Income still predict that for throughout 2023 to be in the three to five number range so good growth there as well.
Matt Darden: Yeah, we have to -- when we kept the bottom end of the range the same, but we do see the potential it to move up a little higher. We're seeing a little bit favorable experience on Family Heritage. And we feel like, if that continues the health margins could go up overall. On the UA side we have seen a little bit of first quarter a little bit higher claims and I think others have seen that as well. And that's fairly consistent with the seasonality of Medicare supplement. But we think that Family Heritage actually provides kind of an opportunity for some upside. 
Matt Darden: Generally, in the past, as we've look through different economic trends we really haven't seen that. Our sales growth is really driven by agent count growth and agent count growth is really driven by middle management growth. And so that's why you're seeing us revise up just the momentum that we're seeing in our onboarding of new agents as well as the growth in the management count across the three agencies is really what's driving our sales projections for the year.
Matt Darden: I didn't put it in that framework, but we are definitely seeing higher retained earnings as a result of restating 2021 and 2022 earnings under LDTI. It was -- and then the traditional balance sheet change was relatively small. There's like that was about $12 million. So we had previously guided to, the LDTI would increase earnings by $105 million to $115 million. And so I think actually what might be helpful to you, is to look in the supplemental financial information where we've restated the 2022 earnings numbers. And that will help guide you. But 2021, was about $187 million favorable over historical and 2022 was about $253 million favorable over historical. So that's adding about $428 million, to retained earnings just because of the restatement of the prior historical numbers yes, to the retained earnings as of 12/31/22, right? So that's right. 12/31/22. 
Matt Darden: And a large part of that of course, if you're thinking about restating on those prior years, it is because we had the large fluctuations with COVID in both of those years, so under LDTI that got a good chunk of that got pushed out in the future years, as well as then the impact from the lower amortization. 
Wes Carmichael: Hey, thanks for taking my follow-up call. Actually, I had a technical one. As we're thinking about stress testing and I'm really thinking about the RBC framework but it does kind of give you credit through diversification benefit of the C risk. So I think you guys are a pretty C2 heavy company. I was just wondering if there's any way to think about a rule of thumb for the diversification benefit within C1, if you see any credit risk, if that makes sense. 
Wes Carmichael: Yes, I'm just thinking if that's really like -- sure. So like if you think about the gross C1 charges and then you could do that math to your 300% to 320% RBC target. But then when you actually put it into the RBC formula, the square root calculation gives you some offset against those growth factors. So I'm just thinking about -- is there a rule of thumb we can use, so we're not overestimating the credit drift impact to Globe for RBC. 
Wes Carmichael: That's perfect. My math was 4.29%. So it sounds like we're in the same ballpark. But, I appreciate the follow-up. 
