Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Before we get into the third quarter results, I want to note our separate announcement yesterday that Frank Svoboda and Matt Darden have been appointed as Co-CEOs effective January 1, 2023. Gary and I will continue to serve as Co-Chairman of the Board. We are very pleased to hand the rights over to Frank and Matt. You may recall that in April of this year, we appointed them to the newly created title of Senior Executive Vice President to reflect their significant contributions and leadership. As noted in the announcement, Frank and Matt bring a vast range of experience and skill sets to the company. Yesterday’s announcement is the conclusion of a long-planned succession strategy that is a result of a thoughtful and deliberate process undertaken by the board. We believe this outcome best positions Globe Life for the next chapter of growth and value creation, while ensuring that our executive leadership structure continues in a way that allows us to best serve all our stakeholders, including our employees, agents, policyholders, as well as our shareholders. Larry and I, along with the Board, look forward to this transition. And with that, I’d like to begin the discussion of the third quarter results. In the third quarter, net income was $187 million or $1.90 per share, compared to $189 million or $1.84 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $211 million or $2.15 per share, an increase of 21% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 11.2% and book value per share is $44.56. Excluding unrealized losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 13.1%, and book value per share is $62.01, up 9% from a year ago. In the life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $755 million. Life underwriting margin was $208 million, up 28% from a year ago. The increase in margin is due to improved claims experience. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4.5%. And at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to be up around 23%, due primarily to a decline in COVID and excess mortality for the full year. In health insurance, premium revenue grew 7% to $319 million and health underwriting margin was up 4% to $80 million. For the year, we expect health premium to grow around 6%. And at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect underwriting margin to be up around 5%. Administrative expenses were $75 million for the quarter, up 10% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 7% compared to 6.6% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up around 11% and be around 6.9% of premium, due primarily to higher IT and information security costs, employee costs and the addition of the Globe Life Benefits division. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt, was $56 million, down 5% from the year ago quarter. On a per share base, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was down 2%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income to decline between 1% and 2%, but to be up around 3% on a per share basis. After 3 consecutive years of declining excess investment income, we expect to see growth in 2023 of 10% to 12%, due primarily to the impact of higher interest rates on the investment portfolio. Regarding investment yield, in the third quarter, we invested $431 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the financial and municipal sectors. We invested at an average yield of 5.56%, an average rating of A and an average life of 18 years. We also invested $21 million in limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics. These investments are expected to produce additional yield and are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.17%, down 4 basis points from a year ago, but up 1 basis point from the end of the second quarter. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was 5.18%. Invested assets were $19.8 billion, including $18.2 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $17.6 billion are an investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- same as a year ago. Our investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $2.2 billion due to the higher treasury rates and spreads. We are not concerned with the unrealized loss position as it is primarily interest rate driven. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB are 52% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 54% from the year-ago quarter. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs, and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns, due in large part to our ability to hold the securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment grade bonds are $543 million compared to $782 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 3%. This is as long as this ratio has been for more than 20 years. Below investment grade bonds plus bonds rated BBB are 55% of fixed maturities, the lowest ratio it has been in 8 years. Overall, we are comfortable with the quality of our portfolio. During 2022, we have executed some minor repositioning of the fixed maturity portfolio to improve yield and quality. In the last two quarters, we sold approximately $324 million of fixed maturities with an average rating of BBB and reinvested the proceeds in higher-yielding securities with an average rating of A+. Because we primarily invest long, a key criterion utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe we are well-positioned not only to withstand market downturn, but also to be opportunistic and purchase higher yielding securities in such a scenario. I would also mention that we have no direct investments in Ukraine or Russia and do not expect any material impact to our investments in multinational companies that have exposure to these countries. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2022, we expect to invest approximately $1.4 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.1% and approximately $200 million in limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics at an average yield of 7.9%. Also at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect the yield on the fixed maturity portfolio to be around 5.16% for the full year in 2022 and 5.19% in 2023. While the expected increase is just 3 basis points, it is noteworthy and encouraging as this will be the first time we have seen the portfolio yield increase since 2008. As we have said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact on our future policy benefits since they are not interest sensitive. Now before turning to Frank to review the financials, we want to invite Matt to say a few words.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, I don’t think it’s from the tight labor market. American Income actually had a strong recruiting quarter with 6% growth in recruits over the prior year, but we had higher terminations than expected. We addressed this with restructuring compensation and middle management bonuses to address agent retention. I think the other factor here is that if you look at the other two agencies, they have had growth in the agency this year. The other two agencies have had growth in the middle management. But for the year, middle management is projected at Family Heritage to increase by 5% to 8%; 3% to 6% in Liberty National, but middle management will be flat in American Income. It was really not economic conditions or the labor market that affects recruiting. It’s really the real drivers of recruiting, once a company develops middle management, we open new offices, we provide better technology and sales support for the field.
Gary Coleman: I see the weakness there has really been inflation. As we’ve talked about in the past, the sales levels there are dependent on our circulation, our mailings and the Internet traffic. If you look for the year, our expectation is that insert media decreased 6% to 10%, insert circulation decreased about 9% to 10%, and inquiries are flat or up 3%, and mailing volumes are down 8% to 11% for 2022. This really is a result of inflation. We’ve had an increase in the cost of paper and increase in the cost of postage and those increases affect the above items I referred to, because you don’t have a return on investment for the lower producing segments of that business. And I think as this inflation lessens, hopefully, with recession, or higher interest rates, as we see the costs stabilize, I would expect that sales would also stabilize in 2023.
Gary Coleman: Excuse me, what we’re saying is we’re seeing a slightly higher lapse rates when compared to the 2018, ‘19 period. They are quite a bit higher when you compare to ‘20 and ‘21. But those 2 years we had very, very favorable lapse rates, that was unusual. We think that – what we know is that the higher lapse rates are primarily in policy years 1 through 3. Once we get past that, the lapses are either at or near the historical levels. We think one reason for that is people that bought policies in 2020, ‘21, with COVID down less, they may think they don’t need the coverage. We think that’s certainly a factor. But also, we think that inflation is having some impact as well. But if we look back in the past history, if we look back into 2010, ‘11 period, when it was a down economy, we had a little bit of a spike in lapses there, but it didn’t last long. This spike isn’t as much as what we experienced back then, and we think too that at some point it will get back to what we call normal lapses. I will say at the midpoint of our guidance for 2023, we assume that over the course of the year that we will move back to what we would call historical levels of lapsation. We don’t know for sure. That’s our best guess at this point.
Gary Coleman: Well, Erik, first of all, on the investment income side, we are thinking it will be up around 5% to 6%. And that is because of the higher yields on the fixed maturities, but also higher yields on the long-term investments that we have. And that’s a 5% increase, when in the past couple of years we have had about a 3% increase in investment income. So, that’s definitely a factor. But also on the required interest, this year, it will be between 4% and 5%. We are thinking next year that will be a little bit lower, as I say, the 4% range. And also on the interest expense, interest expense is higher this year because of the negative carry that we had. We will go back to a more normal increase in interest expense. So, the higher increase in investment income and the lower increases in required interest and interest on debt is what’s – when you add all that up, that’s where you come up to the 10% to 12% increase.
Gary Coleman: Alright. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we will talk to you again in the next quarter.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, I’m not sure if at what point it actually becomes a strain, because as we start putting on new business and you start thinking about the treatment of renewal commissions, we know that it’s going to be probably an increase in the DAC amortization percent as a percentage of premium, somewhere maybe 0.5% a year for the first few years and some of that as we start having to capitalize the renewal commissions and getting that into the strain. But then as we start putting on new business and that has lower initial commissions that are getting capitalized, there will be a point that it will start to stabilize. I don’t have right now exactly when that will be or if we actually get to the point to where, if you will, worse than current guidance.
Frank Svoboda: At some point, it seems logical, just not sure exactly if that’s in – at this point in time, we haven’t gotten quite far enough along to see where that really – if that will occur or if it even will occur, yes. If you look at that, we should be able to give some more guidance on that as we get a little bit further along on this and kind of really finalize our ‘22 and start to look a bit longer, we can take a look at that.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Matt and I can touch on that. The arrangement has worked out really well, we believe, for Globe Life and the teamwork that Gary and Larry have been able to demonstrate. And then really the structure that they put together here from an executive management team at Globe has been set up very well under them. And it really seems logical for us to be able to maintain that existing structure in order to maintain that continuity going forward. So it is something that Matt and I really talked about with our willingness and ability to really work together, but thought that it’s really in the best interest of the organization to make that structure continue to work.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We are anticipating right now at the midpoint of our guidance at $55 million, $56 million in that range. We will take a look at where – there are a few moving parts, the C2 charges being one of them. Also, we haven’t completed yet our third quarter statutory financial statements. So we will rely on those to kind of get a better sense of what our actual statutory income and capital will be at the end of the year. If it does turn out that we don’t need any additional amount of capital as of the end of the year, I would anticipate potential – some of that could come out before the end of the year, if not, we’d anticipated coming out in 2023.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. With respect to kind of the range, we did bring it in a little bit from where we were at this point in time last year. You feel there is a little bit better certainty around COVID and some of the impacts of COVID and feel more comfortable with it being in endemic state and what the impact of that really may mean. Still some fluctuation, we still left a little wider, if you will, than we’ve had in some years in the past, pre-COVID, again, kind of recognizing some of the uncertainty around new variants and such that potentially could pop up. With respect to the LDTI, the range kind of that $105 million to $130 million after tax, really more intended to be kind of our estimate at this point in time, more in the middle, if you will, of the range. There is still a lot of moving parts, but I wanted to get some sense to all on what we kind of see as being that net income impact for ‘23. We don’t really anticipate that broadening the range that we need to have. And so that variability, if you will, that I have from the impact of the LDTI, we think that really will be – will fit within that overall range that we provided under the old guidance.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. It’s still a little bit early with respect to coming up with our excess cash flows for next year. We do anticipate them being a little bit – or our share repurchases anyway at the midpoint of our guidance being a little bit higher than where we were this year. If you recall that, as I have noted earlier, we had about $360 million overall of excess cash flows before our shareholder dividends. We had around $80 million of shareholder dividends here in 2022. So, after that, it was like $280 million, that’s essentially available for buybacks in 2022. We do anticipate our statutory earnings in 2022 will be higher and at the end of the day, having share buyback is probably a little bit north of where we were this year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think that’s fair to say. We would anticipate, clearly, as it would appear, we have got one more year here of normalization, if you will, of the COVID claims, and we would expect next year to be lower than what we anticipated this year. So, I do anticipate that excess cash flow more normalizing at that point in time.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Ryan, we anticipate health underwriting – excuse me, health premiums to be up in that 3% to 5% range. And then really anticipate the underwriting margin to probably be flat to up 2% or 3%, large part life, a little lower decrease in the underwriting margin from the increase in premium that we have experienced some favorable experience on the health side, especially Family Heritage here the last couple of years. We see that normalizing just a little bit. We probably expect Family Heritage to not be quite as high of an underwriting margin next year as it did this year and just kind of coming back on just a little bit. So, we don’t see the underwriting margin growing quite as much as the premium.
Frank Svoboda: Right now, we are anticipating admin expenses to grow only around 2% and being around 6.8% or 6.9% of premium, kind of the low impact – reason for the low growth, if you will, that with the higher interest rate. Our pension expense is also expected to decrease in 2023 from where it was this year. And so without that, that increase would have been a little bit higher.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I mean I think that’s right. I mean generally, I would say kind of at the midpoint of all that, it kind of points to around 29%, if you will, under the – if we didn’t have the excess obligations and really kind of the difference is that because of the higher premium that we have had with the favorable persistency and sales growth – premium growth that we had in ‘20 and ‘21, our amortization overall as a percentage of that premium is about 1% lower than what it was under pre-pandemic level. So, that kind of takes us from – right before the pandemic, we were around 28%, kind of at the midpoint of that, then as of the excess obligations kind of points to 29%.
Frank Svoboda: Andrew, your numbers are really good. You are exactly right in that. We had the $15 million. We are anticipating around $70 million for the full year, and kind of pointed that $5 million. And then it is somewhere in that $25 million to $30 million range, what we kind of anticipate for 2023 on the non-COVID excess piece. Really do anticipate, in large case, just to an expectation right now that COVID is kind of in that endemic state. We have kind of pointed that maybe 3x the flu rate kind of pointing to 105,000 deaths or so in 2023. And so that has the impact in our minds of tampering both the COVID losses as well as the non-COVID losses down. I will also note that if we kind of look at the trends of it, that out of the $15 million in Q3, about $4 million of that related to some prior quarters. So, if we are kind of putting it into kind of the correct quarters, we are really seeing that really good trend coming down from the first half of the year into the second half of the year as we anticipated. So, it’s good to see that it’s right now anyway, consistent with what we were anticipating.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We don’t really have anything to point exactly to what it might be. I think it’s fair that probably some portion of it might be long COVID. If you think about it from the standpoint of complications that arise from having COVID in the first place, we still think there is at least some possibility there being some delayed care, deferred care, even though if you get further down the road, you just say there is probably less impact of that. But I do think there has probably been just some impact on how, when we are thinking about, they are getting classified. Where there was probably – whether the – our data is based upon when a claim comes in and if the death certificate notes that it’s a COVID death, then that’s what we count as a COVID death. And now there may be certain situations where it’s more – the real cause of death is going to the true cause, if there was a heart ailment or something like that, that it’s getting quoted perhaps a little bit differently as well.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think that’s right. I mean when you look at the full year 2022, we are sitting at about $70 million in non-COVID versus $50 million of COVID. And then we are looking around that $25 million or so as compared to $20 million of COVID. So, that ratio has come together. In our minds, I mean they are really independent calculations, but that relationship is narrowing, I guess.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think for the total non-COVID, for direct response, in the third quarter, there was still about 5% or so, there was an impact of the non-COVID in Q3 for all the 2022, really looking at around 6%. So, while we would have been ex the non-COVID in the third quarter, we would have been at 20%, 21%. But that’s probably – again, there is a little bit favorable amortization that’s coming through there as well. I think kind of as we look forward, thinking about DTC, that particular channel, in 2023, we probably think that they are going to have around a 3% impact of higher excess obligations and we kind of anticipate that their margins would be somewhere in that 16% to 17% range. So, that kind of points to somewhere in that 19% to – let’s just say 18% to 20%, somewhere in there is what they probably – what it would be without some of the excess obligations.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Look, it’s probably overall in that segment, yes, still having another percent or so impact or actually a couple of percentage points from where they were back in pre-COVID times, because we are looking at an amortization percentage there in between that 23%, 24% range, where if you look back before pre-COVID years, their amortization percentage was in the mid-25% – between 25% and 26%.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Good morning. I reach the last many good morning. First, big congrats to Matt and Frank, and I am expecting the continued excellence that we have seen under Gary’s and Larry’s leadership. So, maybe jumping into the questions, and I think following on to what Ryan was asking a moment ago. I am thinking about the excess non-COVID mortality. And clarify for me because I might be off. But I think the guidance for the year 2022 was $64 million. It appears you have bumped it up to $70 million. And then if I look at the $50 million of it in the first half of the year, another $15 million this year – in the third quarter rather, then when we get to the fourth quarter, we are only going to expect about $5 million of excess non-COVID-19 mortality. And then based on that, if that’s not a lot, let me just get to ‘23. You talked about the 1.5%. And if $20 million of that is COVID, then that would imply just a mere $28 million of non-COVID for all of next year. So, it sounds like you are expecting that this kind of indirect impact from COVID to really subside as we work through next year. So, a lot to pack in. Am I right on ‘22 – ‘23 number? And do you really expect it will really dissipate as we get through? Thank you.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. So, just so I am clear, Larry. So, it’s not saying, “Hey, we are going to give you more money if you retain somebody,” it’s saying here is the data. Here are the analytics and here is how you can be more effective. Is that…
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Got it. Perfect. And then just a quick throw-away question. I am kind of curious on the – I mean the higher inflation affecting direct-to-consumer paper and postage cost. How much year-over-year has that gone up? And are there other customer acquisition costs on online going up quite dramatically, and maybe you have a percentage there. I would just be curious if you have some numbers that you might be able to pass on.
Larry Hutchison: Again, I want to point out, that are currently strong quarter-over-quarter. Actually there is a 7% increase in number of recruits. The terminations were a little bit of a surprise, higher than expected. I think that goes hand-in-hand with the fact that we haven’t had middle management growth. And so when you change those incentives, you are not increasing compensation, you are shifting compensation to affect behavior. What you kind of do is encourage your middle managers to better train those new recruits. And what’s a better training, there is more activity, and the training is just how to sell, but encouraging greater activity with those new recruits and agents. As there is greater activity, better training, they make more money because they you have higher sales levels and retain more agents. And so again, the color is this. If you look at – let’s compare Family Heritage to American Income. In the first quarter, they had pretty slow sales. As they shifted some of their compensation there, they had an emphasis on recruiting and developing middle managers. They have 5% to 8% middle managers for the year with a 13% increase in sales this quarter. But American Income, again, has a little bit of a tough comparable because there was a 20% increase in the agency force in ‘20 and ‘21. So, with the stair-step, when you have that kind of a record increase, you expect to have some leveling of recruiting. And again, I have every confidence American Income will grow, but the focus will be on developing leadership, developing more middle managers, and the growth will come as they develop one middle management.
Larry Hutchison: It’s not just training. It’s really – the middle manager is focused on three to four agents. Those three to four agents are trained, but they are also encouraged to review the data with these producing agents, how many presentations do they make in a week, what’s their monthly average, what’s the average premium. And as middle managers study that data, they know what needs to be addressed. Is it a training issue, is it an activity issue, is it a closing issue. And so those are all factors. And it really changes agent-by-agent. So, when we say American Income, it has been a little flat in their recruiting or their agent growth. Remember, there is 99 offices within American Income. Some of the locations have had an outstanding year. They have had good growth. And so again, with the sales leadership that is in American Income, they are identifying those offices that have not done so well. And then we will work with them to provide them data with respect to the managers, what’s the success of the middle managers, what’s the success of the agents. And so they adjust as we go forward. That just is a constant process as we inspect our training systems, our activity models, and out of that comes the long-term growth.
Larry Hutchison: So, the bonus is not paying more money, it’s paying for the correct behavior. It’s paying for success. It’s much like the agent, we don’t give an agent more money to have more activity. Agent gets more money as a result of more activity and better sales. So, this is much the same principle. You are just affecting behavior. As you shift the compensation, over time the focus might be on training versus recruiting. There are just a lot of factors within the agency. So, constantly, the agency owners as well as the home office leadership are looking at what are the behaviors we need to modify and they shift the compensation to encourage that behavior.
Larry Hutchison: Well, I don’t have on the top of my head, I can’t tell you what postage increase was percentage of the paper cost. But what I gave was the guidance in terms of when we see mail volume, we saw the insert media volume coming down and the costs are reflected to the analytics. As we do the different campaigns, we look at those costs, we look at the test and we see a 10% decrease, as example, of mailings as a result of the analytics. So, that reflects the cost increase in both postage and paper. I guess the response rates out of that is the null effect. And really, what you look at is, if you look at the cost of the investment within that campaign, what is the expected response rate and from that, what’s the expected issue rate. If you are not meeting those expectations in the test, then you reduce those mailings. So, it’s not – if you are going to look at postage costs of 5%, you will probably reduce something 5%. It’s at the end of that process of the analytics and the campaigns to determine what your volumes are going to be in all the way affects what your sales level will be. I want to make a point there, too, that direct response. It’s not just an issue really of spending more money to increase sales, because the profitability of an increase in sales is a function of the cost of acquiring the business. And so if you spend more money, it’s not going to necessarily indicate higher response rates, and the response rate doesn’t go up with additional spending. So, again, when you think about direct response, I think about that differently than agency. Your acquisition cost is on the front end and not the back end of the sales process. So, we are constantly using analytics and testing to make sure that we have an adequate return on that investment.
