Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, net income was $275 million, or $2.88 per share, compared to $242 million, or $2.46 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $267 million, or $2.80 per share, an increase of 10% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through December 31st is 23.2%, and book value per share is $47.10. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, return on equity is 14.7%, and book value per share as of December 31st is $76.21, up 11% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the fourth quarter increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $795 million. Life underwriting margin was $305 million, also up 4% from a year ago. In 2024, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.5% and 5% at the midpoint of our guidance and life underwriting margin to grow between 7% and 7.5%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be in the range of 38% to 40%. In health insurance, premium grew 3% to $336 million, and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $97 million. In 2024, we expect health premium revenue to grow 7% to 8%. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year 2024, we expect health underwriting margin to grow between 5% and 6%, and as a percent of premium to be around 27% to 29%. Administrative expenses were $77 million for the quarter, down 1% from a year ago, primarily due to a decline in pension and other employee-related costs. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.8% compared to 7.2% from the year ago quarter. For the year, administrative expenses were 6.8% of premium compared to 6.9% a year ago. In 2024, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7% of premium, higher than 2023 due primarily to continuing investments in technology as we modernize and transform how we operate. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We’ll now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest, was $36 million, up $5 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $272 million, up 6% or $16 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is due primarily to growth in average invested assets, but also supplemented by the impact from higher interest rates across fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and short-term investments. Required interest is up nearly 5% over the year ago quarter, slightly higher than the 4.5% growth in average policy liabilities. For the full year 2024, we expect net investment income to grow between 5% and 6% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets. In addition, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate required interest will grow around 5% for the year, resulting in growth in excess investment income of approximately 10% to 12%. Now regarding our investment yield. In the fourth quarter, we invested $443 million in investment-grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 6.61%, an average rating of BBB+ and an average life of 23 years. We also invested approximately $114 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics at an average expected cash return of 8%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involved office properties. These investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments, and they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.23%, up 5 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2022 and up 4 basis points from the third quarter. As of December 31, the portfolio yield was also 5.23%. Now regarding our investment portfolio. Invested assets are $20.7 billion, including $18.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.4 billion are investment-grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity investment portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1 billion due to current market rates being higher than the average book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position and is mostly interest rate-driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 48% of the fixed maturity portfolio, compared to 51% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets such as derivatives, common equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset-backed securities held by our peers. Additionally, unlike many other insurance companies, we do not have any exposure to direct real estate equity investments or private equities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment-grade bonds remained low at $530 million compared to $542 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment-grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.8%. At the midpoint of our guidance, for the full year 2024, we expect to invest approximately $1.1 billion in fixed maturities at an average yield of 5.5% and approximately $440 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics and an average estimated cash yield of approximately 8.2%. As we said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not interest sensitive. Now I will turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, reflect the full difference between what we had expected in our valuation assumptions versus what we actually incurred from claims and lapse experience in the quarter that it occurs.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Our plan is to unlock assumptions in the third quarter. So, for instance, we’ve seen two quarters of good experience, mortality experience in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. We’d like to see the development of that fourth quarter experience as it moves into 2024. And then we’d also like to see that continue in the first half of 2024 before we make a decision to inform our updates to our underlying assumptions.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Just from a claims experience on med sup, we have seen some increased trend over the course of 2023 in both our individual and our group business, but more so on the group side. And then that subsided a little bit later in the year. We’ve reflected those trends into our rate projections or rate increases for 2024. So we contain them out of that regularly. And actually, whatever trend we’re seeing will build into rates for the following year.
Frank Svoboda: Okay. Yes, we’re taking – over the course of 2024, we kind of see basically the benchmark, we kind of rely mostly on 30 year. It’s kind of our benchmark. And so I see that being relatively stable, but probably drifting downward over the course of the year. But right now, as you know, the spreads are extremely tight. Currently, we do expect that to expand a little bit over the course of the year as well. And so built into our guidance, we’re expecting for our fixed maturities to be around 5.5%. It’s a little bit lower than we had in 2023. It’s largely due to the declines in the spread. If you look at 2023, our benchmark was just a little bit over on average over the course of the year, a little over 4%, but we were getting nearly 200 basis point spreads on those investments. It’s really tightened up here during the fourth quarter. So, we don’t expect that higher spread continuing at this point in time, at least into 2024.
Frank Svoboda: One thing I would add to that is that I think we’re generally pleased, clearly, with what we were seeing here in the third and fourth quarters. And as Tom said, it was a little bit higher, or it was definitely higher early in the year. But we’re seeing that improvement across all the distributions. And then as we look into it, we really are seeing it across all the issue years. So it’s a little bit, kind of a broad based improvement overall in the mortality, which we think that is favorable. And as Tom said, we clearly want to see how that kind of plays itself out here over the next couple of quarters and see if it continues in that fashion or if it was just a fluctuation that we’ve had here at the end of the year. So we’ll see how that turns out.
Frank Svoboda: I would say, Tom, that you think about, as you say, it’s kind of at the midpoint of that, right? We had in the fourth quarter of 2022, which is kind of where you would have said at that point in time, we had about a 38% margin in the overall for the life in the fourth quarter. That was kind of the expectations if you will, of where that – where that would have been – what we would have expected from a margin on a long-term basis. And so we had a little higher expenses, and remember we had a little higher expense, we talked about having higher amortization on our overall life business as we continue to capitalize and amortize renewal commissions. And so that was a little bit of a drag in 2023, and that was really offset with some of the favorable remeasurement gains that we saw in 2023. So we saw a little bit – less than a 0.5% increase, if you will, in that overall margin between 2023 – and between 2022 and 2023. So I think what we’re anticipating from remeasurement gains and just improvement in that overall mortality is what you’re seeing in that expectation for that margin, that margin improvement in 2024. So that’s what’s really driving that. So we’re still going to end up having a little bit higher amortization. We’ve talked about – we’ll probably have between 0% to 0.5% increase in our amortization expense over the course of the next few years as we continue to capitalize and amortize those renewal commissions, especially at American Income. And then that the higher margins really representing that better mortality, which is really going to manifest itself in the combination of both remeasurement gains over the course of the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Tom. I mean that is something that we’re really taking a look at as to making sure that we understand what are those differences that we’re seeing between our GAAP earnings and then the statutory earnings that are clearly driving that cash flow conversion. What portion of that is related to the growth that we’re seeing in our agency businesses, right? Because that’s a good portion of where we see those drags as we continue – if they’re having 10% to 15% growth years, that’s a really good thing for the long term, but we need to make sure that we can articulate what that means from a cash flow conversion perspective as well as – as we continue to make investments in our technology stack and in improving, making those investments that’s setting us up for the future, what that really entails. But we are also then taking a look at are there ways that we can manage that a little bit better in order to – we’d like to get to where we’re probably closer to a 60% conversion rate. And not sure if we can – what that would really take to get there, but it’s something that we want to take a look at and make sure – we have had – in addition, we had the drag of the – of the defaults and the capital losses that we had in 2023. So that’s a drag here, a little bit on a cash flow conversion in 2024. And so we’ll see where – if we get past some of those headwinds, what that really looks like on a go-forward basis.
Tom Kalmbach: And then, Jimmy, I think your second question was related to sales, as we’ve mentioned in the past, as the Medicare Advantage plans, and you saw people moving into that had a little bit of impact on us. So from a 2024 sales perspective, to the extent that there is more disenrollment or as you’d mentioned, you’re seeing some trends out there from the cost side is costs might be increased by competitors offering those plans. I think that could be a tailwind for us for our supplemental product. Our goal is really to keep steady in that market, and we see competitive pressures coming and going over a long period of time. So our goal is really to keep steady in price for what we ultimately want to achieve and kind of ride out some of the short-term fluctuations from market dislocation.
Tom Kalmbach: Well, the Tri-Agency rule, the primary target was short duration health plans, right? So we don’t have any of those products in our portfolio. It did also bring in some supplemental health plans that we do sell. But there’s been quite a bit of reaction to that Tri-Agency rule, and it’s been comments from a broad spectrum of constituents, whether that be unions, employers, companies themselves. So we’re really waiting to see what actually happens within that ruling. We’re expecting something to come out in April. And at the end of the day, we’ll make the changes that we need to make depending upon what comes out in that rule. But we don’t see it as having a very significant impact overall to our marketing efforts.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. For 2024, we have about $70 million of our total direct commercial mortgage loans. Maturing of that is about $4 million of office buildings, and then we have about $35 million of mixed use, of which about $12 million is office. So if you kind of think the hotspot, of course, right now is what kind of office exposure is maturing here this next year. And so in total, between those two, we do have about $16 million of what’s maturing on average, it’s below a 50% LTV and then have over a 90% LTV on any that we’ve looked at. And about – about $47 million, $50 million of those do have some continuing optional extensions. So it’s a good portion of those could get extended on into 2025 or beyond.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. So in the first half of the year, mortality was quite a bit higher. The remeasurement gains were quite a bit lower than we saw in the second half of the year. So there really does seem to be kind of a change that’s happened in the third and fourth quarter. And kind of looking at the third quarter, it’s coming much closer to pre-pandemic mortality levels. And similarly with the fourth quarter, we would want to see the fourth quarter develop more fully to – takes a little bit of time for all the claims to get adjudicated and paid from that period. So we’d like to see those claims develop and continue, actually into Q1 and Q2 to make sure that it’s sustainable. But at this point, I’d say it’s getting fairly close to pre pandemic levels, so that excess mortality seems to have dropped much more quickly than what our assumptions had anticipated.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, we tend to keep 50 million to 60 million is our kind of target range for liquid assets at the parent company.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. No, the biggest driver is continued remeasurement gains in our Life segments is just what we’ve seen in Q3 and Q4. What we’ve tried to do, reflect in the guidance range is to reflect what we see as potential continuation of those remeasurement gains as well as the potential impact of assumption change in 2024.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The remeasurement gains would continue in first quarter and second quarter. And to the extent that we make an assumption update, that would be in the third quarter. In the first quarter, usually mortality is a little bit higher just because of seasonal flu. And so we may see it a little – we would expect a little bit higher mortality in that first quarter. I mean the other thing is we still expect to see COVID deaths. So COVID is still out there. We expect that we’d see 60,000 to 80,000 U.S. deaths in the U.S. next year. So that’s still a factor as well. But I think you should expect to see, if trends continue, remeasurement gains in the first quarter and second quarter. We’ll revisit the assumptions and reset those in the third quarter. And fourth quarter remeasurement will probably be a little bit lighter.
Tom Kalmbach: It really is spread out over a long period of time. So it’s that spreading out over time is reflected in the obligation ratio and the percent of premium that we need to set aside to pay for future benefits. So it’s spread out over quite a long period of time. Yes.
Matt Darden: Yes. And I think 1 of the things to look at is just really the agent count growth accelerated in the last half of the year. So if you just kind of look at that over a sequential basis, Q1 was 3.5%. Q2 is 8.5% and then Q3 was 15% [ph] 16% and 20% in Q4 from a growth perspective. So the agent count growth really accelerated in the last half of the year, which bodes very well from a 2024 perspective. So usually, as we’ve talked about in the past, there will be a little bit of a lag from those new agents getting onboarded, trained and productive. Our more experienced agents are more productive than newer agents. And so that should carry forward into 2024 as we thought about our sales guidance. So we generally look at that as a little bit of a timing lag. One of the things, if you look over a long period of time, if you look at agent count is directly related to sales count growth when you start looking at it on a – or a year or a multiyear basis. Our – as an example, generally across all our agencies, our five-year CAGR is within 1% of each other, our agent count growth and our sales growth. So we really think about it on a long-term basis. Of course, we talk about it on a quarterly basis here on the calls, but I’m very bullish on where I think 2024 is going to come out for American Income.
Matt Darden: I’d say it would be more of a shift toward, we’re still not going to take our foot off the gas from a recruiting perspective. But a lot of when we have such a significant growth is really focus on getting those agents in trained in retention. And then productivity is kind of a natural byproduct of the fact that they are better – have more training, they’ve been there longer, have more experience. So our focus is really on the retention and training that results in the higher productivity. And so just considering we’ve had this accelerated growth over the last half of the year, that’s our real focus. The other thing I’m really pleased to see is our agent retention trends have been continuing to move up throughout 2023. And in fact, in American Income, our agent retention trends are higher than 2019 from a pre pandemic level. Obviously, there were some disconnects during the pandemic, so we kind of look at it where we were in 2019 and prior. And I’m very happy to see that the retention efforts that we’ve put in place at American Income are coming through in the stats that we’re seeing. And those retention numbers are going up across all our different vintages from a hiring perspective. So I think that’s going to bode very well for 2024 performance as well.
Matt Darden: Well, on Family Heritage for sure, it’s driven based on agent count. We rolled out a CRM system in 2023. So that helped on the productivity side. Overall, Family Heritage included all of our exclusive agencies. We see continued positive momentum on the recruiting side. So we’re anticipating good recruiting growth in 2024. Don’t see anything in the market out there that would suggest we should have different experience there. And then on the med supp side, that is kind of market forces. Clearly, we had a very good, very strong Q4 and what was nice to see is that was both on the individual side and the group side. A lot of times, those group sales can be lumpy, but that was very strong in Q4, but our individual med supp sales as well. And so that’s what I’ve mentioned earlier, depending on pricing and market changes out there that’s a highly price competitive market, the Medicare supplement sales. We could see some additional tailwinds depending on what others in that marketplace do. Again, our course is kind of steady with our pricing targets and objectives and sometimes we’re the beneficiary of that to the extent other folks get back to profitability and adjust pricing accordingly.
