Frank Svoboda: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $258 million or $2.83 per share compared to $215 million or $2.24 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $271 million or $2.97 per share, an increase of 14% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity through June 30 is 20.8% and book value per share is $58.06. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI, return on equity is 14.5% and book value per share as of June 30 is $82.38, up 14% from a year ago. Before we continue, we would like to address and advance the status of the independent review conducted by the Audit Committee of Globe Life's Board of Directors regarding allegations levied against the company by short sellers. On June 22, 2024, Globe Life filed an 8-K addressing this matter. As noted in the 8-K, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors conducted an independent investigation of allegations contained in various short seller reports. The Audit Committee was assisted in its review by the law firm, WilmerHale, and the forensic accounting firm, FTI Consulting. The scope of the independent review included all allegations that raise specific questions about the accuracy and integrity of the company's financial statements and disclosures. It also included the company's process for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. As stated, the Audit Committee has completed its review and determined that the allegations of financial misconduct were not supported. Additionally, the independent review did not identify any matters requiring adjustments to the company's previously issued financial statements or related disclosures in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We believe the allegations were false and misleading and were designed to drive down Globe Life's stock price in an effort for the short sellers to profit at the expense of our long-term shareholders. The company stands by its financial results and disclosures, which remain accurate and do not require any adjustments. In addition, the Audit Committee reviewed and confirmed that the company has policies and procedures in place designed to safeguard the quality of the work experience. Compliance with our code of conduct, both internally and in connection with our third-party relationships, is and will continue to be a key focus area for management.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the second quarter increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $815 million. Life underwriting margin was $320 million, up 8% from a year ago, driven by the premium growth and lower overall policy obligations. For the year, driven by strong premium growth in both our American Income and Liberty National divisions, we expect life premium revenue to grow between 4.5% and 5% at the midpoint of our guidance and life underwriting margin to grow between 9% and 10%. As a percent of premium, we anticipate life underwriting margin to be in the range of 39% to 41%. In health insurance, premium grew 7% to $352 million, and health underwriting margin was up 9% to $100 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow approximately 6.5% to 7%. And at the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow between 1% and 2%, and as a percent of premium to be between 27% and 29%. Administrative expenses were $82 million for the quarter, up 9% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 7%, consistent with our expectations, compared to 6.8% a year ago. For the full year 2024, we expect administrative expenses to be approximately 7% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations.
Frank Svoboda: Thanks, Matt. We will now turn to the investment operations. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less only required interest, was $43 million, up $11 million from the year ago quarter. Net investment income was $286 million, up 9% or $24 million from the year ago quarter. The increase is largely due to strong 6% growth in average invested assets over that period. In addition, higher interest rates across fixed maturities, commercial mortgage loans, limited partnerships and short-term investments also contributed to the higher growth rate. Acquired interest is up approximately 5.5% [ph] over the year ago quarter, slightly higher than the 5% growth in average policy liabilities. For the full year, we expect net investment income to grow between 7% and 8% due to the combination of the favorable interest rate environment and steady growth in our invested assets. In addition, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate required interest will grow around 5% to 5.5% for the year, resulting in growth in excess investment income of approximately 20% to 25%. Now with respect to our investment yield. In the second quarter, we invested $241 million in investment-grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 6.16%, an average rating of A- and an average life of 35 years. We also invested approximately $115 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships that have debt-like characteristics, and an average expected cash return of 10%. None of our direct investments in commercial mortgage loans involved office properties. These investments are expected to produce additional cash yield over our fixed maturity investments and they are in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the fixed maturity portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.26%, up 8 basis points from the second quarter of 2023 and up 2 basis points for the first quarter. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was 5.24%. Including the cash yield from our commercial mortgage loans and limited partnerships, the second quarter earned yield was 5.44%. Now regarding the investment portfolio. Invested assets are $21.3 billion, including $19.2 billion from fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $18.7 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A-. Overall, the total fixed maturity portfolio is rated A-, same as a year ago. Our fixed maturity portfolio has a net unrealized loss position of approximately $1.6 billion due to the current market rates being higher than the book yield on our holdings. As we have historically noted, we are not concerned by the unrealized loss position as it is mostly interest rate driven and currently relates entirely to bonds with maturities that extend beyond 10 years. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. Bonds rated BBB comprised 46% of the fixed maturity portfolio compared to 49% from the year ago quarter. While this ratio is high relative to our peers, we have little or no exposure to higher-risk assets helped by many of our peers, such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, real estate, equities, CLOs and other asset-backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire generally provide the best risk-adjusted, capital-adjusted returns due in part to our ability to hold securities to maturity regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Below investment-grade bonds remained below at $564 million compared to $496 million a year ago. The average of below investment grade bonds to total fixed maturities is 2.9%. During the quarter, we did take the opportunity to extend duration on a portion of our portfolio by selling some shorter maturity bonds and investing in longer-dated securities. While we realized a loss on some of the months sold, we were able to extend the average life and improve the overall yield of the portfolio and we're able to reduce our exposure to smaller regional banks. At the midpoint of our guidance for the full year, we expect to invest approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in fixed maturities and an average yield of 5.7% to 5.9%, and approximately $500 million to $600 million in commercial mortgage loans and limited partnership investments with debt-like characteristics and an average expected cash return of 8% to 10%. As we've said before, we are pleased to see higher interest rates as this has a positive impact on operating income by driving up net investment income with no impact to our future policy benefits since they are not interest sensitive. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, I would just add that I wouldn't think that they would continue to be material, if you will, and having any kind of material impact on our excess cash flows as we're thinking about it from next year's perspective or even on the remainder of this year.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, I'd probably just add that as we continue to take a look at that, and as Tom said, I think we've got adequate -- we've got adequate capacity there to be kind of where our normal historical ranges have been. But of course, we're also taking a look at just seeing, are there some opportunities around capital management to free up some excess capital within the insurance operations, whether that be through reinsurance or other means and just continuing to look at that as well.
Frank Svoboda: The one thing I would add to that, Wes, is that we really do think of this as just kind of part of our overall third-party risk management processes. And so part of that is evaluating the changing risks in that environment and how that changes from time to time. And so as Matt said, we're always continuing to strive for improvement and we'll continue to look for ways to enhance what we're currently doing.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. So with -- as we noted in the 8-K, that we did initiate a review of potential vulnerabilities regarding some access permissions and user identity management for a company web portal. That was following an inquiry that we did receive from a state insurance regulator. We have addressed the vulnerabilities from that and we have initiated a comprehensive investigation into the matter. At this point, the investigation is still ongoing and we have yet to determine the full scope, nature and impact overall. But we do know that there has not been a material impact on the company's operations. So we really don't have anything further to disclose at this time, but we'll continue to provide any notable updates as they become available.
Frank Svoboda: I think the one thing I'll add is that, it's still preliminary and we'll talk about it more on the next call as far as our expectations of excess cash flows for, what would kind of normally that we would expect for 2025. And right now, just kind of preliminarily, we do see them being at a higher level than what we have here available in 2024. So we do think there's some additional capacity there. Again, we'll talk about that more on the next call. And I think the only thing I'd point out is that it was clear that the authorization, it's not a mandate. So we're not -- we'll take a look at what's there and seek to buy back as many shares as long as it's prudent for us to do so.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. The only thing I would add. There are a few -- lots of business that we are evaluating to see, does it make any sense for us and our shareholders to dispose of those books of business. We don't have -- we've kind of talked about that before that we don't have a lot of books that are necessarily old books of business that are closed block and that type of thing. So there's not necessarily a lot there, but there's things that we're taking a look at.
Frank Svoboda: Ryan, they also, as I noted before, they looked at all the allegations that might have and they kind of questioned, if you will, the accuracy or integrity of our financial statements and disclosures. So to the extent that there were agent behaviors that would have impacted our financial statements or our disclosures, let's just say for instance, sales activities, those allegations would have been looked into and seen whether or not there was any reasons for any restatements of any of our previously issued financial reports or disclosures. And as we noted before, they did determine that no restatements were necessary.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. And some of those -- as we've taken a look into it, I think there are some near-term items that -- I do think some of our optimism with respect to 2025 free cash flows stems from strong sales, which is following converting into strong premium growth in 2024 and then the favorable, some of the favorable claims experience that we're seeing, especially on the life side will help with the statutory income in 2024 as well. So that gives us some optimism that we may have some expanded excess cash flows in 2025. And Tom's right, some of those where it's changing the nature of the conversion ratio. Some of that dovetailed into 2025, which may not end up materializing until 2026 as far as additional dividends and some of that, even though we'll take a look, obviously, and see what it is, what we can do from a timing perspective.
Matt Darden: In separate but related issues, we'd like to update you regarding the inquiry by the SEC and the request by the DOJ. As we have previously disclosed, the company received an inquiry from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company and the Audit Committee have provided information in response to the SEC's request received to date. And the company is cooperating fully and will continue to do so. At this time, the SEC has not asserted any claims against the company or indicated it intends to do so. Regarding the DOJ, we continue to fully cooperate in responding to requests related to sales practices by certain licensed insurance agents in Arias Organization who are contracted to sell American Income policies. The DOJ has not asserted any claims or made allegations against the company or American Income or indicated it intends to do so. In conclusion, we'd like to discuss the questions we have received regarding ongoing litigation and the company's process for identifying, assessing and remediating complaints related to alleged misconduct. The various allegations are subject of litigation in a variety of stages. And as you can appreciate, it would not be appropriate for us to comment on terminated contracts or pending lawsuits. But as we've discussed in prior calls, Globe Life takes unethical conduct and any allegations brought to our attention concerning harassment, inappropriate conduct or unethical business practices seriously, and we do not tolerate such behavior. The company has reasonable and appropriate systems in place that are designed to detect and mitigate misconduct and attempted fraudulent activities. Globe Life has a long history of integrity in our business practices and principles while providing our customers with financial protection as well as work opportunities for agents, small business owners and employees to build financial security. We are focused on results and the continued strategic growth of Globe Life. Our field force of approximately 17,000 agents and our 3,500 employees are focused and dedicated to helping families make tomorrow better by working to protect their financial futures. And together, we strive to act in accordance with the highest levels of ethics and integrity at all levels of the organization. Now Frank, let's talk about our results with respect to our insurance operations.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First, I'd like to discuss American Income Life. Here, the life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $424 million, and the life underwriting margin was up 7% to $193 million. In the second quarter of 2024, net life sales were $95 million, and this is up 16% from a year ago and is primarily due to the strong growth in our agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 11,869, and that is up 13% from a year ago. We are seeing strong recruiting activity along with continued improvement in new agent retention. Our new [indiscernible] pipeline for the second quarter is up 16% from the prior year, and I'm very pleased with the sales productivity and agent count trends at American Income. At Liberty National, the life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $92 million, and the life underwriting margin was up 9% to $31 million. Net life sales increased 11% to $26 million, and net health sales were $8 million, which is up 4% from the year ago quarter. Growth in both the life and the health sales was due primarily to the increase in agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 3,700 and is up 16% from a year ago. Liberty National continues to generate positive recruiting and sales momentum, and this is driven by our investments in technology and the growth in middle management. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $106 million, and health underwriting margin increased 12% to $37 million. Net health sales were up 7% to $25 million, and this is primarily due to an increase in agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,361, and this is up 1% from a year ago. And as we've said before, we continue to emphasize recruiting and middle management development at Family Heritage. And I'm encouraged as we have started to see middle management growth, which is up 11% from year-end. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were flat compared to the year ago quarter at $249 million, while the life underwriting margin increased 13% to $64 million and is due primarily to favorable mortality and continued efforts to maximize our margin dollars. Net life sales were $31 million and is down 3% from the year ago quarter. As we have previously mentioned, the decline in sales is primarily due to lower customer inquiries as we have reduced marketing spend on certain campaigns that do not meet our profit objectives. Our focus in this area is having a positive impact on our overall margin. We will continue to focus on maximizing underwriting margin dollars on new sales by managing the rising advertising and distribution costs associated with acquiring new business. Additionally, as a reminder, the direct-to-consumer channel provides support to our agency business through brand impressions and the generation of sales leads. At United American General Agency, our health premiums increased 9% over the year ago quarter to $149 million. Health underwriting margin with $17 million and is up approximately $2 million from the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $18 million, and this is up approximately $7 million over the year ago quarter and it's due primarily to improved market conditions for our Medicare Supplement business. Now I'd like to discuss projections. Based on the trends that we are seeing and the experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for 2024 to be as follows: at American Income, low double-digit growth; at Liberty National, mid-teens growth; and at Family Heritage, mid-single-digit growth. Now our net life sales for 2024 are projected to be as follows. At American Income, mid-teens growth. Now here, we are raising our guidance at American Income to reflect strong second quarter experience along with the trends we are seeing. Last quarter, we had tempered our projections just out of an abundance of caution. Liberty National sales anticipate low double-digit growth and direct-to-consumer slightly down. Net health sales for 2024 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, high single-digit growth; and at Family Heritage, also high single-digit growth; and United American General Agency, low to mid-single-digit growth. I'll turn the call back to Frank.
Matt Darden: Well, as we had mentioned, the review also included processes for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. We have been and always do look at our processes and procedures and controls and have a process in place for continuing to evaluate those and enhance them as necessary. So that'd be no different in the future as we think about what has come out of the review as well as just our normal processes for implementing improvements. As we said, we believe we have the appropriate procedures in place to identify activity that's inappropriate or not in line with our core principles, and we take appropriate action as necessary.
Matt Darden: Well, as we've mentioned, the independent review focused on the financial allegations and that raised questions about the financial statements and disclosures. Also, it did examine just our company processes for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. So I'll go back to what I said earlier in that we always continue to look to are there areas that we need to enhance. We continually enhance internal controls around a variety of things, including our sales practices. We always look at our processes and procedures for identifying misconduct and addressing those as appropriate. And so we will continue to do so as far as evaluating those and continuing to enhance those as appropriate.
Matt Darden: It looked at the company's processes for preventing, identifying and responding to misconduct. And the Audit Committee did review and confirm that the company has policies and procedures in place designed to safeguard the work experience for the agents. As we've mentioned before, we're confident in our controls around identifying agent behavior along with our processes for investigating issues that we've come aware of and remediating those as necessary and taking the appropriate action.
Matt Darden: I think really, as we evaluate that, it looks like currently, as we've said in our statement earlier, they're reviewing the sales activity of just certain agents that were in the Arias Organization. And if there's a significant update to that from a scope perspective, we'd be sure to disclose and update that. But right now, that is the focus of the inquiries so far.
Matt Darden: Unfortunately, that's an independent process outside our control. So we're -- what we are doing is fully cooperating in both instances as well as providing any additional information or response to inquiries that we get as quickly as possible. So our desire, of course, is to have those progress forward as quickly as possible. And the best thing we can do is just be very responsive as we work through those processes.
Matt Darden: So you had several questions there. Let me see if I can address them. Regarding the scope being narrow, the narrowness was related to the DOJ investigation focused on specific agents within the Arias Organization. As far as evaluation of the assertions and allegations in the short selling report, that covered very broad from all of our financial items that were pointed out as well as just our overall processes and systems for controls. And I think as we've noted in the past is some of the agents that have shown up in some of the articles are terminated agents. They are not here any longer, and that happened long before investigation that the Audit Committee started. So I'll just go back to my statement earlier is that we do take an appropriate action related to misconduct as well as I think I'd mentioned on our last call is that some of the assertions by the short sellers were based on an executive on the sales management side within American Income that we had terminated for costs. And so we do take appropriate action. We take these things seriously and we are confident in our processes and controls. And as I'd mentioned, we always continue to enhance that, but it was a pretty broad and wide range in review and the results of that, that we've discussed today.
Matt Darden: That is not a fair statement but I'm not at liberty to discuss things that are under litigation trends, etcetera, as I'd mentioned in my prepared call.
Thomas Kalmbach: We're really pleased with what we're seeing with recent persistency, particularly in face of the short seller reports and the continued impact of the general economic conditions. I think it really speaks highly and reaffirms the stability of our business and we believe speaks to the nature that the basic protection products that we offer meet the needs for the customers. As it relates to first year lapses, they were just up at AIL or up just a little bit over the prior quarter. And so really in line with our 10-year average as well. So I think it really is just a fluctuation. And then DTC, our overall first year lapses are in line with -- overall lapses are in line with expectations. The first year lapses were up a little bit over prior quarter, but just slightly higher than Q2 2023, and that could be related to sourcing. So we do see a little bit higher lapses on Internet sales. Internet sales are a little bit higher. So that may be driving some of that experience as well. And on LND first year lapses, they are really consistent with last quarter. So again, we think a fairly good result from a lapse perspective for the business.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. So the legal expenses are related to expenses we've incurred related to the WilmerHale investigation and the short seller, investigating the short-seller allegations. We'd expect some of those to continue a little bit for the rest of the year as we continue to work through those issues. And then on the M&A expenses, the other expenses there, hard to predict but at this point, I don't see any of those expenses continuing unless another opportunity emerge that we would pursue.
Thomas Kalmbach: Exactly. I think we have some debt capacity, Jimmy. We feel like we have some room to finance in adding $400 million of additional debt. We'll bring our projected debt cap ratios kind of closer to the 25%. And we really kind of like to operate in that 23% to 27%. So it's well within the range of our debt capacity.
Thomas Kalmbach: We haven't decided on the final form, but my preference would probably lead a little bit towards longer-term debt. It does depend a little bit on the rates that are available in the market. So we'll look at all of our options and select what we think is best for us.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. I think that was really consistent with my comment of raising additional financing in the second half of the year to the use of additional share repurchases and then we would have our normal excess cash flows in 2025, which should get us fairly close. And the other thing Frank had mentioned is we are looking at other options to raise additional capital from our insurance operations through reinsurance and other means. So that would be another potential source that would allow us to purchase some additional shares in either 2024 or 2025.
Thomas Kalmbach: The remeasurement gains that we reported in the quarter are relative to the assumptions, our current assumptions for determining reserves, which were established in the third quarter of 2023. So in essence, I'd say yes there. We have seen some remeasurement gains throughout the year on the life business and the health business. And so those are indicative of mortality trends that appear to be favorable relative to those valuation assumptions and relative to an endemic assumption that we established back in Q3 of 2023. So that's what we're looking at right now and evaluating just our base mortality assumptions as well as what do we think is an appropriate assumption long term for the endemic or short term for the endemic. And so that's what we're finalizing in Q3 and which will result in an update to those assumptions. We do -- given the recent experience, we do anticipate that will be a favorable remeasurement gain on the life business and hence, the reason for Frank increasing the range of our pulse, our underwriting margins to 39% to 41%. So we do think that those will move up a little bit.
Thomas Kalmbach: Now it's embedded in our guidance range and what we've tried to reflect what we anticipate in the midpoint of that range as well.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We're continuing to evaluate reinsurance opportunities, and we have a financial reinsurance program in place right now. So we're just looking at whether it makes sense to expand that program a little bit. In addition, that there's -- we think there's opportunity to manage overall capital in an economic framework like is available in Bermuda. So we're evaluating that option and what that might look like. That's probably a little bit longer term as far as capital management approach. But we think that there's some promise in that solution.
Thomas Kalmbach: The full year dividends from the insurance subsidiaries is just over $460 million, between $460 million and $470 million. We haven't updated our guidance for what dividends will be to the parent in 2025. We'll look at that later in the year. One of the things that is impacting, that will impact, I think, 2025 dividends favorably is there are some valuation manual changes from a statutory accounting perspective that should be favorable to us and we can give you an update on that next quarter as well.
Thomas Kalmbach: I would -- yes, it's definitely over the longer term. The things that I talked about actually will, I think, be additive and actually kind of are aligned with getting to that 60%. So it continues to be something that we're striving towards and looking at opportunities to do. And that's where I think the use -- more effective use of Bermuda regulatory environment could actually really help support getting to the higher cash conversion ratio.
Thomas Kalmbach: Some of that will be -- the remeasurement gains or losses are GAAP. So what drives the free cash flow is statutory earnings. However, as we kind of -- as we've mentioned in the past or I've mentioned in the past is when we see a remeasurement gain relative to our assumptions in GAAP, that's about 25% of what the delta is from our assumptions comes through. And so the full impact of assumption, the differences between assumptions, a good majority of that is going to be coming through in statutory. So that's one of the reasons why we think that we'll have improved statutory earnings in 2024 that will then lead to increased dividends from the subsidiary to the parent in 2025 and higher excess cash flows. So that's part of it. The other thing that I mentioned is the change in the valuation manual that has been implemented in 2024, I think will also result in higher statutory earnings and actually could also increase excess cash flows or dividends to the parent in 2025 from the subs and resulting in a higher excess cash flow.
Thomas Kalmbach: It relates to the aggregation of mortality assumptions related to determining principal-based reserves, is the change allows add some clarity around what level of aggregation you can use. And so by being able to aggregate larger blocks, there's an opportunity to -- an opportunity to use a more favorable mortality assumption in the valuation of the reserve.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We still see -- first of all, mortality has been fairly consistent over the last few quarters, which has been good. We are seeing, as you said, some improvements from where they were at the peak. But we also -- causes that continue to be higher than where they were pre-COVID. And I would say heart disease and cancer although improved, are still a little bit higher than where we were prior to 2019. And one that remains elevated causing the death is neurological disorders, which would be stroke and Alzheimer's. So we're keeping an eye on that. And then I think another like a positive is nonmedical deaths have improved. And those have improved, those are actually, I'd say, more in line with historical, maybe just a little bit elevated from where they were. So I think the trends are good, but we're not quite there yet.
Thomas Kalmbach: Yes. We'll give you the details, Jimmy, next quarter. We're still going through all of our work. So I want to actually give you a good number, and we'll be looking to implement that.
