Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2009 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the third quarter was a $132 million or $1.63per share, a per share increase of 10% from the year ago. Net income was a $115 million or $1.41 per share, a 16% increase. Net income for the quarter was reduced by $31 million as a result of a GAAP loss on our pending sale of the United Investors. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.7% and our book value per share was $47.92, a 12% increase from the year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value was $52.77 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue excluding United Investors grew 5% to $417 million and life underwriting margins increased 8% to $115 million. Life net sales were $79 million, down 7% from a year ago, our first down quarter in two quarters. Life first year collected premiums however were up 8% to $61 million, significantly better than our 3% growth in year-to-date sales and reflected of improving persistency. At American Income, life premiums were up 11% to $142 million and life underwriting margin was up 9% to $47 million. Life net sales increased 5% to $34 million. The producing agent count was 4,065, up 3% from a year ago, but down 3% from last quarter. The renewed growth in our producing agents at American Income is taking longer than we previously anticipated. In addition to changes in our management incentive compensation, we are working on growing our middle management ranks as well as improvements in our sales lead volume inflow. We expect it will take another two to three months to see the impact of these efforts. We are also in the fourth quarter beginning to implement a centralized recruiting call center for both American Income and Liberty National, which we believe will significantly increase our recruiting activity at both companies. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $142 million, and life underwriting margin grew 8% to $36 million. Life net sales declined 3% to $32 million. The sales in Direct Response were again less than anticipated as response rates in our insert media segment continued to fall during the summer months. For the June to August time period, the response rates were 14% to 17% less than a year ago. For the last 60 days however, we have seen some improvement with the response rate lagging only 3% from last year. Due to other positive developments in our testing and modeling, we expect to see mid-single digit growth in life sales in Direct Response for 2011, despite these lower response rates and our insert media. Life sales at Liberty National declined 2% to $73 million and life underwriting margin was up 10% to $16 million. Net life sales for the combined Liberty National United American agency declined 19% to $11.4 million. Although, first-year collected life premiums were flat at $8.6 million, again reflecting improved persistency. We are beginning to see an upturn in our recruiting activity at Liberty National as a result of our implementation of the recruiting call center which I previously mentioned. For 2011, we currently anticipate 10% to 15% growth in net life sales at Liberty National. On the health side, premium revenue, excluding Part D, declined 5% to $189 million, while health underwriting margin grew 2% to $37 million. Health net sales decreased 29% from the year ago to $13 million, but first year health collected premiums increased 11% to $20 million. While official numbers are not yet available, the contact person at CMS has resonated that roughly 900,000 Medicare Advantage participants will be disenrolled at the end of this year and which would be a 50% over last year. We believe we are in significantly better positioned than we were a year ago to capture a share in these disenrollees. Premium revenue for Medicare Part D was $53 million, a 10% increase, while the underwriting margin was $6 million, down 4%. Part D sales grew 128% to $7 million for the quarter and first year collected premiums were up 83% to $13 million. Our administrative expenses were $38.4 million for the quarter, up 5% from the year ago. This increase is primarily the result of continued high employee healthcare costs. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. As Gary mentioned, we are proceeding with the sale of United Investors and expect it to close by the end of 2010. Assuming we use between $250 million and $320 million of the proceeds from this sale to repurchase shares, we anticipate a small dilution of our earnings per share for 2011 of roughly $0.05 a share, followed by an accretion of $0.10 to $0.20 for 2012 with additional accretion in subsequent years. And our guidance first for the fourth quarter of 2010, we expect earnings per share to be between a $1.66 and a $1.70, so we are raising our 2010 guidance to a range of $6.38 to $6.42. For 2011, we expect earnings per share to be between $6.75 and $7.10 per share, assuming that we spend between $590 million and $640 million on share repurchase. This guidance is lighter than normal due to our uncertainty concerning the timing and price of this share repurchase. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well first we’ll start at Liberty National. One of the things Jimmy obviously we’re going to have a much easier year to compare again next year. If you look in 2009, we had $46 million of life sales of Liberty National where this year we expected to be down closer to $36 million. So even though we’re expecting to see growth going forward next year, it really doesn’t quite get us back to the level of sales we were in 2009, but we do expect to see 10% to 15% growth over the current levels. So I believe we are moving forward there. We have seen an improvement in our recruiting activity. So I mean those aren’t build increases. As far as the agent counts, at American Income, the plateau we’ve kind of hit in our agent count was a little more involved than what I had originally thought it was. Though, we have made some changes in management incentive compensation, but also and looking we really haven’t significantly grown our middle management, which for the people that are doing the training of these new hires. So the even though our recruiting activity was up, we really just had more people there to train those people, and also a late flow in some areas, really it hadn’t grown the support in the increased number of new agents. I am encouraged that we have started again this call center to actually be calling on Internet resumes. And the initial results we’ve seen there as we’ve gotten a very higher response as far as people wanting to come in and be interviewed. But it also involves – we’ve got have more people there to train and we’ve also got to do a little better job in some areas of increasing our lead flow. So we’re working on all those things. So I’m optimistic that – actually in September we started to see some turnaround there, but it’s – I really think it’ll be first quarter before we see the full impact of the things we’re working on.
Mark McAndrew: Well, it’s – I will first say that in our guidance we haven’t assumed any significant increase in our Medicare Supplement business. It’s hard to say. We think if – obviously if the Republicans take control of the House, things will be a lot more just basically stagnation which isn’t all bad. But it’s just too early to say what impact it will have in some of the Healthcare Reform Legislation. I think the – I think it’s too early. You will see those disenrollees, they’ve already been filed with CMS, you will see those disenrollees this year, I don’t think you’ll see that change. But as far as what will happen down the road next year and the year after, it’s hard to say at this point. I think the number of disenrollees this year is pretty well been set.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I would say – I have said in the past, in the last big round week, we picked up roughly 3% of the disenrollee. I don’t know whether we can expect to pick up quite many. In this round one, we have far fewer capital agents who are in that market place, even though we feel like our product pricing puts us in a better competitive situation. I think most of what we do pick up a bit more in the general agency side of the business, but I wouldn’t expect to pick up right now.
Mark McAndrew: Well, in our guidance we’re not expecting any significant changes in our persistency. Although in most of our lines of business we are seeing improving trends in our persistency, we haven’t assumed any significant improvement in our persistency as far as our guidance.
Mark McAndrew: I don’t think that I did. But in our guidance we are expecting 10% to 15% growth for American Income.
Mark McAndrew: Well, historically assuming that would be roughly the same. Over a year’s time, we would need to grow our agent somewhere in the – maybe a little bit higher because our first year agents are not quite as productive. So we will probably be more in the 15% to 20% growth in agents for the full year to achieve that.
Mark McAndrew: Sure. We’ve done some testing where actually – well, I’ll give you just a little bit of history, we started 10, 12 years ago with Internet recruiting with Hot Jobs, Monster. And initially we just ran ads and we got responses to the ads. And that was a good source of recruiting inexpensively. We later a few years ago, I guess it’s been five to six years, we started a program where we started selecting resumes off of that database and sending emails to these people who are asking if they would be interested and coming to work for us. That increased our response and our potential candidates, I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but substantially. We got far more responses to that than we did to our ads. And now, recently, we’ve done testing doing automated phone calls to selected resumes in addition to the email, and again the response – what we’d do is we would send an automated phone calls from people to selected resumes and if they wanted to schedule an interview it was automatically transferred to a live person. Well in our tests, a live person was in the local sales office and in the offices that we use it for our both companies, we’d basically overwhelm them with calls. So actually what we’re working on now is a centralized place where those calls can come into to where we can schedule the interviews, so that we can better handle the volume and just have better control over it. But initial results are very encouraging and it’s something it’s going to take us a while to expand that nationally in both companies, but it has a lot of potential to take our recruiting to a significant higher level. But again we got to have the middle management place to then recruit and train those people.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, American Income, it’s been basically flat since the first two years. We feel the level of recruiting that we haven’t been able to take it to the next level. And again that’s – and even though our recruiting has been up somewhat, we’ve seen a little higher turnover. But it’s – there were number of factors involved there. Again we got to significantly increase the recruiting, we got to have more people there in place to train those people. And with that all, we’ve able to generate a new source of leads for those people to work on. And again we’re working on all of those things.
Mark McAndrew: Well, we’re not assuming as bad as that we were in the June to August period.Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay, okay.
Mark McAndrew: Yes, it seems that $0.05 is correct. What we were saying is that if we invested all the money, that the dilution would be $15 million and that’s roughly $0.20.Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Yes, [that will get to this].
Mark McAndrew: Jeff, in our guidance, so we assume is the normal free cash flow, the $340 dollars that we expect. That will be spread throughout the year. The $250 million to $320 million (inaudible) that’s going to come, that will be able to be passed to the holding company in late March. And we are assuming that money will be spent starting like a last week of March through the month of April.
Mark McAndrew: You know as far as our guidance go, we did assume this is going to stay in place, but you know that’s our feeling now that we should have that cushion and that could change either – I am sure will have some migration that we might change the dollar amount, but as far as the guidance go we assume that it stay at the $200 million.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, I guess a little skewed because of…Edward Spehar – Banc of America: On an adjusted basis, I guess, adjusted for that.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I think we are getting close to. You know, our first year – even (inaudible) – okay the mix of the business is different. We put on a significant amount of group Medicare businesses here, which we expect to see that continue to grow, mostly in the fourth quarter and first quarter. But if you look at our first year collected premiums, on the health side, we have 11% for the quarter. I think we will continue to see – actually our new health premiums increased. Now, again it’s going to take us a little while to get the total back up to flat but again we are persistency of the business that continues to fall off, but very poor persistency business, and very low margin business. So, no I don’t think the health premium will decline much further than where it is now. I don’t think we are that far off from at least having it flat, but with margins increasing, we are already seeing improvements in margin.Edward Spehar – Banc of America: But you would think, I mean is that a 2011 event or is that beyond? What do you think…
Mark McAndrew: We are still at our midpoint. We are still expecting mid-single digit decline in our health premiums, although we are expecting to see small growth in our health margins for next year, but the midpoint of our guidance.Edward Spehar – Banc of America: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, one for us to give that guidance with the amount of cash that we’re going to have available next year. We felt like we should and where we thought our earnings would be, if we do use it for share repurchase. Now we are always looking at opportunities for acquisition, I guess I don’t – the way I look at it as any acquisition should be accretive to what certainly purchase would be. So that’s not to say that we’re not looking at acquisitions, while it means we’ve very much interested if the right acquisition came along and that was a better use of the money, we would absolutely do it. But borrowing that, we wanted to make it clear that we don’t intent to sit on $850 million of cash and invest it at 5.5%. We will find it better use for those funds than buying bonds, whether it be share repurchase or acquisition, but again the way we look at acquisitions is it needs to be accretive versus what buying back around shares would be.
Mark McAndrew: In prior years we did, but last year we decided we would move it up a quarter and started doing it at this time of the year.
Mark McAndrew: Just because we got so much flak from analysts that we can now provide it earlier. So we bound to your wishes Eric.
Mark McAndrew: Bob, again I understand that that is the midpoint of our guidance. Now we have used different assumptions obviously at the low-end and the high-end of our guidance as far the timing and price of the share repurchase.
Mark McAndrew: It’s hard to say but there is no doubt that part of it is because of the amount of cash that we’re going to have available next year we felt that we should include it in our guidance.
Mark McAndrew: They are fixed annuities. And it’s sold through banks. It’s a very. It’s not the volatile type business that the variable annuities that we had not invested for.
Mark McAndrew: Well again as we were explaining there, take for example American income. For us to have even if lowered our interest rates.Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: No, I’m not talking about your new sales.
Mark McAndrew: And when you say too low. If you look at for example American income where we have even after administrative expenses we have a pretax profit underwriting profit margin of 25% or better. If we lowered our interest rate assumptions there would those underwriting margins come down couple of points.
Mark McAndrew: They would overtime but that’s not that it would be unprofitable instead of a 25%, 26% underwriting profit margin. Again we may have 23% or 22% but it’s not that it would be but the business is not so highly profitable.
Mark McAndrew: Well but again you had to understand that the entire block of business on the books we’re crediting 5.6%. So we’re – the yield on the portfolio is still substantially higher than that.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Well thanks for joining us this morning everyone and we’ll talk to you again in next quarter. Have a great day.
Gary Coleman: Yes, I think it’s a fact that in 2012 we will get the full benefit of repurchase because they will be done, you know, throughout the year, and we will get full effect in 2012. And also the amount of the income that United Investors would have provided in 2012 will be less than what it was in 2011.
Gary Coleman: Right. Each year that was earning a little bit less, then that revenues will be less going forward. So, that’s one reason that will continue to be accretive in years to come.
Gary Coleman: Yes right. That’s why again the total book of business, Eric, has only got a 5.6% overall interest rate, whereas the new businesses have higher rate. It would only affect new business and you know if interest rates continue where they are and if we continue to invest new money at below 6% in 2012, we very likely will make those rate adjustments then and change our interest rates, but we are going to give it a little more time before we make that decision.
Gary Coleman: In our guidance we assumed that we would get it in late March. We would start in March buying back shares in our that we would buy the number of shares, there is a limit as to how much you can buy, so we would buy up to that limit and doing that, it would take us a full month, the last week of March, the full month of April to spend all that money.
Gary Coleman: No, not – obviously one of the big factors. Not just the annuities but there are some variable life business there that is really one of the profitability was definitely driven by how the equity markets performed and that was – that has been the most – the single most volatile piece of our business. So it was run off like a business, it was on a decline and has been on the decline for a number of years. It’s very volatile piece of our business. And that the value will just continue to decline on and we felt like when we put it out we felt like we got a mega price for it. So all of those things, we think it was a good deal for us.
Gary Coleman: Let’s see. I have that here somewhere. Actually for administrative expenses we’re expecting just about 1% increase at our midpoint.
Gary Coleman: Well yes, and those are our midpoints. We obviously allowed from both ways from that but that’s our best assessment right now.
Gary Coleman: Okay Randy, first of all as far as Globe now, I’m sure you’re referring to the growth response. The final rules did clarify that although it will be accounted for under SOP 93-7, it will still be considered deferred acquisition cost on the balance sheet. And there was some talk about that asset being amortized on a straight line basis, that was not put in to final guidance. So the DAC will for the Direct Response would still be able to defer what we’re deferring and the amortization will be on the same method that we’ve been using. So there is – the other good news is there is no change to the Direct Response.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Gary Coleman: I think yes, that is not a reserve event.Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay, that’s what I was asking.
