Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Net operating income for the second quarter was $133 million or $1.05 per share, a per share increase of 30% from a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $127 million or $1 per share, a 2% decrease on a per share basis. With fixed maturities and amortized cost, our return on the equity as of June 30 was 14.7% and our book value per share was $28.91, a 7% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, with fixed maturities at market value, book value per share was $33.94 approximately the same as a year ago. In our Life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5.7% to $520 million while life underwriting margin was $139 million, down 1% from a year ago. Despite the growth in premium, underwriting margin declined primarily due to higher claims in Direct Response. For the full year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase 1% to 3% over 2014. Life sales increased 6% to $108 million. On the Health side, premium revenue grew 8% to $232 million and health underwriting margin grew 4% to $52 million. The growth in underwriting margin lagged the growth in premium due to the large amount of group business added in 2014 which has lower margins than our other health business. For the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to increase 2% to 4%. Health sales increased 8% to $31 million. Administrative expenses were $47 million for the quarter, up 3% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 5.7% the same as a year ago. For the full year, we anticipate that administrative expenses will be up around 6% to 7% and around 5.8% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I will spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income, less required interest on policy liabilities and debt, was $57 million, approximately the same as the second quarter of 2014. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income increased 5%. We have discussed on previous calls the effect of Part D on excess investment income. Excess investment income was negatively impacted by Part D to the extent of $2 million in the second quarter of 2015. Excluding the negative impact of Part D, excess investment income would have been at 2% compared to the year ago quarter and up about 7% on a per share basis. For the full year 2015, we expect excess investment income to decline by about 1% to 2%; however, on a per share basis we should see an increase of about 3% to 4%. At the midpoint of our 2015 guidance, we're expecting a drag on excess investment income from Part D of approximately $8 million. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $13.6 billion, including $13.1 billion of fixed maturities and amortized cost. As of the fixed maturities, $12.5 billion our investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $580 million compared to $563 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.4%, the same as a year ago. With the portfolio leverage of 3.6 times, the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 16%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A-, same as the year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in a fixed maturity portfolio of $1 billion, approximately $935 million lower than at the end of the first quarter. The decline in unrealized gains were generated by higher interest rates, not by concerns over credit quality. Due to the recent events in Greece, I'd like to everyone of our limited exposure there. We have no direct exposure to Greek sovereign debt and we have no exposure to companies that do business primarily in Greece. We don’t expect to realize any losses should Greece exit the Euro zone. To complete the investment portfolio discussion, I'd like to address our investments in the energy sector. I believe the risk of realizing any losses in the foreseeable future is minimal for the following reasons. Over 96% of our energy holdings are investment grade. At the end of second quarter, our energy portfolio had net unrealized gain of $69 million. Less than 8% of our energy holdings are in the oilfield service and drilling sector. We have reviewed our energy holdings and concluded that while we may see some downgrades we believe that the companies we invest in can withstand low prices for an extended duration. Now to investment yield, in the second quarter we invested $250 in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.7%, an average rating of A- and an average life of 30 years. For the entire portfolio second quarter yield was 5.85%, down 7 basis points from the 5.92% yield in the second quarter of 2014. At June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.83%. The midpoint of our guidance for 2015 is same as the new money yield of 5.0% for the two quarters of the year. And one last thing. We are encouraged by the potential for higher interest rates. As discussed previously on analyst calls, rising new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven reflects it on the balance sheet as we would not expect to convert them to realized losses. We have the intent and, more importantly, the ability to hold our investments through maturity. Now I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss share repurchases and capital.
Gary Coleman: Steven, I would add that Frank has mentioned 2011. We didn’t start to use the Rx information until late in 2011. So really 2012 is the first year we really had enough issues where can start see and experience in late 2014.
Gary Coleman: First, to answer your question, it is because of the uptick in Treasury rates. We look at more 30 years instead of 10 year, because of how long we invest. And also to answer your questions, what we've invested so far in this quarter were about 5%.
Gary Coleman: Bob, we still believe the buyback is below the intrinsic value and we are trading at the higher even when we wrote the annual report, we are trading at higher multiple, but we still believe it's -- we haven't reached intrinsic value. And so we continue to buy, because still, the return we're getting is in excess of our cost of capital by a good margin and also the return we're getting exceeds return that we're -- we could get on alternative uses. So we will continue on. As we've said before, if we think the price get to at or above the intrinsic value then we'll have to reassess at that point.
Gary Coleman: Well, Colin, it's too early to answer that. Just one thing we will be looking at it. But it's not necessarily we would have to raise prices, it may mean there are certain segments, certain age group, certain --
Gary Coleman: Circulations that we would have to raise price or we determine that we don't want to sell in those again. So it's more -- we have to a do a little bit more work on that before we can decide whether we raise prices or whether we discontinue in certain segments.
Gary Coleman: Well as far as on the life side, we have in places seen the higher premium growth and we think we can continue that and our confidence there is that where American Income where we had the largest amount of business, we’re going pretty in there around at 9% range and we expect to continue growth there. Also, direct response the second largest seller -- premium block that we have but we're going excess of 5% there. So we feel confident that we reached this level and we can at least stay at this 9% level. On the health side, we feel the same here because growth prospects I think we want to keep the premium growth on the health side and that's important because you can't needle back just a couple of years ago we had declining health premiums as we had exited some health blocks in the past. So, we feel positive about the future as far as growing the premiums.
Gary Coleman: Well, as Larry mentioned, we've good growth from our individual mezz up sales and then really we had good growth last year, we're having stronger growth this year. So that’s contributing to the -- that other helpline.
Gary Coleman: Colin, I'm not sure I can answer how that's different from what we're repricing. I know we've seen improvements over lot of products. I just quantify here on the call.
Gary Coleman: Yes, Tom, we're definitely not losing money. We're pressuring the margins. Overall margins are being pressured. We're -- we've been in the 23%, 25% underwriting margin for Direct Response over the last few years. This year is going to be closer to 21%. And it's early, and our preliminary estimates of how this plays out, we don't see that profit margin going below 18%, 19% at [indiscernible]. So even if that all develops on that basis, we still are going to have 18% to 19% profit margin. We're not in a position of losing money at all. It's just that margin is not as high as it has been in the past.
Gary Coleman: Yes, that's the low ends 18% and 19%. Well, they could be -- that's a worst, so say be somewhere between that and the 21%. And then over time as we price, so we'll get better.
Gary Coleman: And Tom we've always looked at the response because we haven't -- in Direct Response, we just can't, from the call standpoint and the time standpoint, do a great deal of underwriting. That's just been the history of Direct Response. What we thought when this came out use of prescription drug, as Larry mentioned, we thought this is a low cost way of getting better information and then to better underwrite, and if we could better underwrite then we could venture into may be segments that we hadn't before. So the whole process there was just -- it wasn't from a competitive standpoint to meet competitors. It was more a standpoint to give us a better underwriting that we had before.
Gary Coleman: We don't really calculate an ROE on the business. Yes, our return on investment might be lower but we really -- that only really has -- haven't really calculated that, I don't have an answer for that.
Gary Coleman: Still do not have that much impact on 2015 because we’re revising our first 2015 issues though we are not reflecting the expected improved mortality from the Rx. So it’s really more of an issue for 2014 but not necessarily 2015 because remember we were this is pass up is the fact that the claims the mortality is higher than what we had anticipated in the reserves. And so…
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I will now go over the results for each company. At American Income life premiums were up 9% to $207 million and life underwriting margin was up 6% to $64 million. Net life sales were $50 million, up 13% due primarily to increased agent counts. The average agent count for the second quarter was 6,603, up 15% over a year ago and up 5% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 6,516. We expect life sales growth for the full year 2015 to be within the range of 11% to 13%.  Our Direct Response operations at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $188 million, but life underwriting margin declined 16% to $37 million. Net life sales were flat at $45 million. We expect 4% to 6% life sales growth for the full year 2015. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million, approximately the same as a year ago. Our life underwriting margin was $18 million, down 3% from the year ago quarter. Net life sales grew 6% to $9 million. Our net health sales increased 4% to $4 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,550, up 4% from a year ago and up 6% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,550. Life net sales growth is expected to within a range of 5% to 7% for the full year 2015. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 2% to 4% for the full year 2015. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased to 8% to $55 million while health underwriting margin increased 5% to $11 million. Health net sales were up 4% to $13 million. The average producing agent account to the second quarter was 960, up 27% from a year ago and up 22% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 969. We expect health sales growth to be within a range from 8% to 10% for the full year 2015. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 16% to $88 million. Net health sales increased from $9 million to $10 million. Individual sales grew 21% to $7 million while group sales declined 6% to $2.8 million. For the full year 2015, we expect growth in individual sales to be around 15% to 20%. As we discussed last quarter, we expect lower group sales in 2015 due to the unusual number of large group cases we acquired in 2014. Premium revenue from Medicare part D declined 11% to $75 million, while the underwriting margin declined from $9 million to $5 million. The decline in underwriting margin was in line with our expectations, was due to the increase in Part D drug cost discussed our previous call. We expect Part D premiums of $305 million to $315 million for the full year 2015. Expect margin as a percentage of premium to be approximately 6% to 8%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2015, we expect our net operating income to be within a range of $4.18 per share to $4.28 per share, a 5% increase over 2014 at the midpoint. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, this is Larry. Meeting agent count is less important to the average agent count, there's some fluctuations every quarter just on the last day it depends on the terminations that comes through. If you look at the overall results for the last year we see we have some agent growth. Now we still expect to meet our producing agent count projection of 6,800 to 7,000 agents for 2015.
Larry Hutchison: Sure. We expect the year-end agent count in Liberty National to be in a range of 1,630 to 1,660 agents. At Family Heritage, we expect the year-end agents count to be in a range of 975 to 1,000 agents.
Larry Hutchison: I think if you recall, the second quarter of 2014 was the largest projection quarter in the history of direct response. So actually, we're pleased with the slight increase this quarter. We still expect an increase in sales in direct response this year in the range of 4% to 6%.
Larry Hutchison: Some of the blame that Rx is not in the contestability period, but it's a time issue. You have a better underwriting picture and so you either decline some of the business you otherwise would have issued, where some of that is rated as substandard business. So it's not really just a contestability period, it's evaluating the risk if you're underwriting for the life insurance.
Larry Hutchison: Mark, we've done that in past. We always adjust our segmentation, modeling, the nationalized sales and profits, so that’s a constant process as to market for Direct Response.
Larry Hutchison: It depends on the segment that you are talking about. We wouldn't necessarily raise all prices, but certain segments as we see differences, not just claims, but response rates, inquires. We adjust our pricing, and we adjust our modeling and our marketing to fit that data that comes back to us.
Larry Hutchison: It might constrain sales on certain segment, but I don't think it would be fair to say it would constrain sales overall. You just reemphasize your marketing.
Larry Hutchison: Probably renewing. In terms of new cases we think we will see a decline in new cases since we had an unusual number of new cases last year in the group. In the individual we're predicting 15% to 20% growth for the entire year in our med supp sales.
Larry Hutchison: Yes, it has been used in just very limited situations with respect to some older age issuances in the other agencies. And again I will stress its very limited circumstances and we had not reduced any of our mortality assumptions for the use of Rx in those other agencies. So it's just simply been just an added tool in the underwriting process there.
Larry Hutchison: I think that is a very real possibility and you're right S&P has their own capital, factors that they use, and which are higher, and would really be more similar to what the NAIC is looking to move towards, and then Moody's and A.M. Best how they would look at it. But we would anticipate that, or at least, it would be a possibility that no changes at all would be necessary.
Larry Hutchison: This is Larry. You've to be careful, too, that the Rx in 2011 was less sophisticated than the Rx in later years. As you develop models to get information you have better combinations of drugs you look at as an indicator of health history. So I don't think you're going to assume that 2011 and 2012 be the same experience as '13 and '14. We have to let some of these facts develop. And we're really in the process. And so -- in fact, the '13 and '14 years may be difference experience over the '11 and '12 years were.
Larry Hutchison: If you look at 2011 we saw this as a tool that we could use to better quantify and better look at the risk we're going to underwrite. And the difference is we've assumed that it had a more positive impact than it actually did, so that was a mistake. So it's just the actual experience is not as profitable as we anticipated. That affects your marketing as you go out in those lower performing deciles. So I don't think this is a huge surprise, it's just we -- the business is profitable. We just anticipated a higher profit level for the 2011 year than what's actually developed.
Larry Hutchison: In second quarter of 2014 around 30% tax rate we tend to be a little bit low than 32% this year on little bit on the high side just what the quarterly fluctuation, I think we’re estimating around 31% for the year-to-date.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. We really see the higher incidence in claims really third and then little bit less in the fourth and it tends to trail from there. Now ultimately, it will carry on for quite some time. I do think when 2014 and 2015 blocks come in overall that probably gets up to where that is maybe 19% of our total direct response premium and then of course the premium from there will start to go down and as you put new business on the books it will become less and less, have less much of an impact overall.  So we really see the impact of this having for the next couple of years and then kind of bubbling if there should bubble in 2017 and then really become less of an issue after that.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, on the direct response the $0.06 impact for 2015 is right, I mean, until we see as far as the additional impact overall. For 2015 as we had indicated, we see the policy obligations being in that 50% to 51% range and as far as kind of trying to see out -- at our best estimate at this point of time for where that might go in 2016, we see that overall the policy obligation for Direct Response maybe being in that 51% to 52% range and bringing the Direct Response margin maybe down in that 20% to 21%. So, that is really just based on the data that we have available to us today and where we see that going.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, largely that is correct, I mean there is a little fluctuation, we had some seasonal fluctuation but largely the case.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Erik. With respect to 2011 to 2013 really the change that had taken place again was a lowering of the overall mortality assumptions because we had started using that prescription database. And that assumption did will carry through, through the 2015 issue years, those are not -- 2014 and 2015 are not out of the contestability phase yet. So, we really haven’t seen any claims emerging on those. And of course we are tweaking a little bit over time how we use the Rx but clearly we will be taking a look at how we are using the Rx, why we are not getting any benefits that we had anticipated and be making the appropriate decisions with respect to 2016. So, we do see that being contained within the 2011 through 2015 block. But it really is different than the 2000 through 2007 and some of the higher mortality that we were seeing in the 2000 that earlier block has been built in to -- that portion has been built in the overall assumptions in those later years.
Frank Svoboda: Now, it's like -- well, when I talked about the 2000 through 2007 issue years still that is the same vintage that we're referring to on the prior calls.
Frank Svoboda: That part hasn't changed. We really haven't changed our outlook right now with respect to additional claims on that particular block.
Frank Svoboda: But the -- what we kind of see right now is that probably the peak of the adverse experience of all it expected probably going to -- would be and maybe in like 2017 and that as those years, the 2015 consolidates its contestability period. So we kind of see that has been the low point as far as direct response to margins is concerned and then being able to improve after that.
Frank Svoboda: For the quarter, we saw just little bit higher seasonal fluctuation that we really do anticipate coming back to the normal trend over the course of the year. Our expectation for the full-year is still in that kind of in that range we talked about last time, probably increasing the overall obligation percentage by 0.4%, 0.5%.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Well, for the first two years after issue we have the ability to context any claims that come in during that period of time.
Frank Svoboda: But after the end of that two year contestability period the claims are now become non-contestable unless we can prove certain things with respect to that application. But -- so your -- so if you look at the history of this product that third year tends to be the one of the highest claim years and then it tends to trend down after that. So that's when you start seeing those really early claims.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. So for the 2011 issue year, we have seen a very little clean activity prior to really at the end of 2013 and then end of 2014. And so 2014 is when you really start seeing the claims activity for that third policy year, not really developing. And then of course you're starting to see some of that claim activity for the fourth policy year as well. For the 2015 -- so during 2014, you see some higher claims, but again you're kind of limited to just very small piece of information on one particular policy year. Late in 2014, now in 2015, you're starting to see some of those claims for that third policy year for the policies that were issued in 2012 and we're starting to see some of those same patterns. And then, of course, 2013, they're just starting to enter that third issue year -- third year after the issue year. And so you're barely starting to see some of those, but it's getting some of that additional data with respect to 2012, some very early returns on 2013 where you're starting to see some consistency that we can rely upon.
Frank Svoboda: I'm sorry, Randy, on that, you kind of cut out on that little bit. I didn't quite catch that whole question.
Frank Svoboda: It's more normal contestability type stuff. So, obviously, you're looking at how the answers and what information they've provided to you, and whether or not there is any misrepresentations with respect to the application. The Rx data, we just simply use to extend that we have authorization from them, we can verify whether or not some of that information on the application is in fact --
Frank Svoboda: We didn't see that much difference during the contestable periods for these claims. And remember, the issue here is not that the mortality is worse and what we experience in the past, what has happened as we've experienced about the same mortality as we did before we started using the prescription drug as an agent. But the problem was we assumed that we were going to have better mortality in our reserves and that’s why you're seeing the increase in the policy obligations. That’s an overall. What we need to look at is the Rx in certain segment that we think probably is benefiting and others is not, and we will have to evaluate what it does and determine how we use that going forward. But I do want to emphasize, we're not seeing worse mortality than we saw before. We're seeing about the same. The problem is, we thought the Rx would lead us to better mortality.
Frank Svoboda: The industry as a whole and the industry associations are working pretty closely with the NAIC trying to limit the number of categories from where additional factors might come in play. So that's clearly a work in progress. I think, I said before we kind of see that as a 2017 or '18 event. And that’s the latest information that we have, that's still the best estimates. From an impact our preliminary are using some of the information they have out there, that is of course subject to change, it could mean maybe a 20 basis points to 25 basis points change, reduction in the overall RBC percentage. What we don't know is for sure is then how do the rating agencies and how the users of the RBC data, how do they react to that and so that what we'll have to do from that perspective.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Mark, at this time the best estimates are that we will end up with a receivable as of the end of the 2015 approximately the same as where we were at the end of 2014. So I would think the drag would be somewhere in the same area.
Frank Svoboda: As we've really taken a look at those claims yes, interestingly enough there really isn't one particular area that seems to be sticking out, if you will, as far as where those additional claims might be coming from. The only thing that that tends to may be a little bit higher than what would be normal average would be some deficit as relating to respiratory illnesses. Other than that that there really is not, when we looked at how we segmented in different areas really it's very little that sticks out.
Frank Svoboda: It is a good question, because that is -- when we have and when we've been using the Rx we would exactly why we assume that we would be having the better mortality that is why we're taking a look at that now to really understand why we're not seeing the benefits that we really saw. Is it just in the type of data that we're getting? Is it just simply how we're using that data? Obviously, on some, we do have some more rejects applications that are rejected using the Rx that we would have otherwise. So it's helped in that standpoint. But that's really the question we're trying to get an answer to so we can make the appropriate decisions.
Frank Svoboda: It should reverse by the end of 2016. And then of course depending upon what happens with 2016 claims activity and the receivables and whatever is generating new in 2016.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's correct. And when I had answered it, I was look at just a drag not an incremental drag, but it's correct, it would be the similar drag in '16 as it is in '15 but then presuming that the receivables actually get to go down or by the end of 2016 you would see the real incremental benefit in '17.
Frank Svoboda: Well, that's right. It's like what Gary and Larry had mentioned earlier is that we still have to finish the work to determine exactly which segments that we're really not getting the benefit from and where that all kind of lies within that 50%. And there are -- some portion of that may be -- we are getting some at least some incremental benefit from, but that's what -- that's where the work really have to -- so it won't be that big.
Frank Svoboda: Now, and John do you mean for that business as a whole or just the overall ROE for the impact that would have on Torchmark's overall ROE.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I mean that's what you probably, looking at a half a percent or something that effect there I would guess. But I agree with Gary as far as looking at the business. We don't really look at it in that in fact or don't have that any way right now.
Frank Svoboda: I would say that that's information that we will be able to provide better guidance on in the next call as we kind of really get to get our arms around may be which segments that might have. The total premium using Rx in 2015 probably around $30 million but again as we’ve said, there is not that $30 million is going to go away and you're going to just change your strategy and rethink about how which segments you market into and what your circulations going to be, so it will be a change. But I really couldn’t say that we're expecting that to go away.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think seasonality for because on the year-to-date basis, the margin there is about the same as it was last year, and year think that’s more of just quarterly fluctuations in the claims.
Frank Svoboda: It could be, you do have the you have a base that is in there already with respect to the higher claims for 2012 and 2013 that we’re anticipating in there. So it does include though an estimate for the impact of 2014 and 2015 is included in that.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We have much more flexibility there that we would on the agency side. We don’t have infrastructure of our agents that would be shocked about changes in products, premiums, you just don’t have that direct response. That’s maybe one of the things that we’ve benefited over the years the flexibility we have.
