Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the second quarter was $129 million, or $14 per share; a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. Net operating income per share from continuing operations increased 14%. Net income was $149 million, or $1.32 per share, up 29% from a year ago. Excluding FAS 115, our return on equity was 13.5% and our book value per share was $33.61; an 8% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 10% to $35.40 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue, excluding United Investors, grew 4% to $434 million, and life underwriting margins increased 10% to $125 million. Life net sales declined 4% in the quarter to $85.5 million, while life insurance first year collected premiums were down to 2% to $62 million. At American Income, life premiums were up 8% to $151 million, and life underwriting margin was up 11% to $51 million. Net life sales declined 2% for the quarter to $36 million. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 4,332 up 3% from a year ago and up 7% from the last quarter. I am pleased with the continued progress being made in American income. The agent count is now at an all-time high and growing at a strong pace. The number of new agents who achieved our top bonus level for the first time increased 27% during the quarter. Our mid-level sales management ranks also increased 11% during the second-quarter. In our Direct Response operation global life, life premiums were up 5% to $151 million and life underwriting margin was up 1% to $38 million. Net life sales were down 2% to $37 million. While second-quarter sales were somewhat let less than expected, I remain optimistic that we will see significant growth during the second half of 2011. While the previously discussed change in our direct response underwriting which utilizes its prescription drug data has improved on margin, it had a negative impact on our second-quarter sales as we rejected additional uninsurable applicants. We had made a significant improvement in the design of our Insert media packaging which resulted in a 16% improvement in our initial response rates during the second quarter. As a result of the improvements made in our packaging and the additional margins from the change in underwriting we have increased our third quarter Insert media distribution in excess of 20%. While there is a 60 day to 90 day lag before these increases reflected in our net sales, I am confident that we will see significant growth in our direct response life sales during the second half of this year life premiums at Liberty National declined 2% of $73 million. Life underwriting margins was up 29% to 418 million. Net life sales declined to 18% to $10 million. The producing agent counter at Liberty National at the end of the second quarter was 1792, decline of 3% during the quarter and down 20% from a year ago. On a bright note, health sales at the Liberty National increased 10% from a year ago and 40% from the first quarter level as a result of the introduction of new cancer policy. We’ve made good progress during the quarter in our efforts to conserve or enforce life insurance. During the second quarter, out new incentives conserved $2.2 million life premium. We currently project that number to grow to $15 million to $16 million during the second half of this year and $40 million to $45 million in 2012. On the health side, premium revenue excluding part D declined 7% to $185 million while health underwriting margin was down 11% to $34 million. Health net sales were $13 million for the quarter, 15% less than a year ago. Premium revenue for Medicare part D was $49 million, which is down 8% and the underwriting margin was $5.4 million, which was up 6%. Administrative expenses were $40 million, which were up 2% from a year ago and in line with our expectation. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer for his comments.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. We are narrowing the range of our earnings guidance for 2011 and raising the low end of that range. We currently expect our net operating income per share will range from $4.60 to $4.73. Those are my comments for this morning. I will now open it up for questions.
Mark McAndrew: Well Chris, that’s why we are not giving a lot of guidance there because as Garry mentioned we have $252 million available at the parent for the balance of this years. Obviously the pace of our share repurchase so far in July, we have slowed down and it’s something we will continue to evaluate. Sure, there is some definite uncertainties out there today, and even in our guidance, I think we put in a range of 70 – I think $78 million, Gary, that $228 million as far as the range.
Mark McAndrew: Of share repurchase in our guidance. It didn’t make a lot of difference, it only made a couple of cents difference in our earnings for the balance of the year. But it’s something I’m not really prepared to say how much we will spend the balance of the year. We will continue to evaluate as we go.
Mark McAndrew: Well first of I will talk about American Income, I am very pleased with where we are at. I know sales were still down 2%, but if you look – if you look at the numbers, we were down 4% going into the quarter and rising accounts and were up 3% at the end of the quarter. We grew by almost 300 agents during the quarter. If we can continue close to that pace, if we can continue and grow 250 agents a quarter the next two, by year end our agent count be up 25% from a year ago and sales will follow that trend. There is not a lot new going on, there is more just a refocus. As I mentioned, we have grown our middle management ranks in a very concerted effort to promote more people into middle management. We grew that by 11% during the quarter. The other problem we had last year even though recruiting was up, we – because we did not have more middle managers and because we lost focus on the training of those new agents, our turnover went up and that’s why that number as far as new bonus earners hitting the top level bonus, those are the people we retain and for that number to be up 27% from a year ago, it is being reflected in higher agent retention. So all of the things that we’ve talked about last really six to nine months are coming – are panning out. We are refocused, we are hiring more agents, but we are also retaining more agents. So I feel very good about where American Income is and their sales will come back very strongly in the second half.
Mark McAndrew: No, no update on that. The current status of that is that, first of all we would like to talk directly, which I think most companies well. So we’re in a process of doing our calculations of what the initial write-down will be the DAC asset, but there is still a lot of implementation issues that haven’t been fully resolved and I know the big four firms are still consulting with the SEC and how to interpret certain provisions and of course as we work through that that effects and we’re doing so. I think all this should be cleared up in the third quarter and by the time we’ll get to the analyst calls for the third quarter. We will have defensive numbers at that point.
Mark McAndrew: It does and again that’s something that we have been addressing and we’ll continue to address. The number of offices that we have at Liberty has – I think we are somewhere in the mid-90s now where I believe a year ago we were at 150. So we have been very much addressing some of that where we have in reducing our expenses there. And we are continuing to look for ways to lessen the impact of the debt change.
Mark McAndrew: All right. I want to thank everyone for joining us, I guess this afternoon now, and we’ll talk to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Gary Coleman: Okay, the first half Jimmy on share repurchase as Gary said I think we have $252 million available at the parent for the balance of the year. It’s something that – we have – again we have a board meeting next week that we’ll continue to evaluate we took that free cash down to $87 million at the end of the last quarter. I think it’s fair to assume that we’ll probably keep it somewhere around that level for balance of the year, but again we will continue to evaluate each quarter. As far as Liberty National, the agent count decline slowed, but it was still down 3% during the quarter. I can’t – I am not expecting any big turnaround. I think we have – we are about at the bottom there, but I am not expecting for the balance of this any big turnaround. We are seeing some growth on the health side, as a result of new product we have introduced, but I would expect our life sales that Liberty National for the balance of the year to stay at about the same level there.
Gary Coleman: Well, that’s companywide. We do, we have the most impact at American income and again I think we put, we have a new exhibit out on the website now showing lapses by distribution. We think we can conserve 20% of the lapses. In 2012, at American income ranging down to I think roughly 13% of liberty national and roughly 15% in the direct response. So, the bigger portion in the second quarter, we first started with American income because that is obviously our most profitable business. But if those numbers that I gave are across the board and we will have an impact in all three of the major distribution systems, but it will be a little higher at American Income.
Gary Coleman: Well, it will take. It will bleed in basically over a number of years. I look it will have more impact and that allow us to grow our sales, but on insert media side, which is about 60% of our sales, it improves our margin by, I believe, it’s 16% to 18%. Now, that’s a significant block of business, but that’s just our new business going forward. So, we’ll have some impact and it’ll be a growing impact on our financials. It gives us more margin to work with as far as increasing our sales, as I mentioned earlier and partially as the result of that, we are increasing our volume – our distribution volume by, I think, 22% in the third quarter and right now we anticipate increasing our volume by 24% in the fourth quarter. So, you’ll see more of the impact on the sales side.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think it will be a longer-term decision in that, but the fact that would matter though, you know how consistent our cash flow is – the free-cash flow. We’ll continue to do generate free cash and what we might do is we must start redeeming or calling them in parts as supposed to calling the whole 120 million at one time.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Very good. Thank you.
Gary Coleman: Okay. First on the M&A activity. Colin, we have looked extensively and really don’t see anything out there when we made the decisions obviously buyback that much in the quarter. It was because we didn’t see any M&A activity on the short-term horizon. So, your conclusion there is accurate. Liberty National, as I have mentioned before, it really is there are so many differences between Liberty and American Income. And again, I’ve equated it in the past to franchise versus a company-owned store and American Income, it’s a straight commission situation whereas the Liberty National, the agents and managers are employees, those are our offices. We have a lot of fixed expenses and the production pervasion is sustainably less. It was about half of what it is at American Income. It’s – we’ve been, really over the last two or three years, trying to move Liberty more to an American Income and we will continue to do so, but it’s just not a quick fix there. The things that work at American Income, we have tried to implement similar-type programs at Liberty National, but they – up to this point, they have not been successful.
Gary Coleman: Well, that’s correct. First off – I’m sorry, first amendment, it’s independent agencies that we continue to – their sales have been down now for number of years. It’s a very persistent business and very consistently profitable business. And we’ll continue to – there are no plans to do anything at this point, but it is an independent agency that we really don’t control. But, it’s – another one I was saying is we don’t believe that we get fair value out of it. We don’t control the distribution, but it’s become a relatively small piece of our total, so really no plans to do anything there.
Gary Coleman: Well, there is no doubt at beginning of the year even though we knew what the available cash would be, the reason we had such a wide range was not just how much we would spend on share repurchase but at what price? So obviously earlier in the year pre-split, the stock was up around $68, so when we ran our projections out, we ran not only different amounts being spent, but different prices. So we were able – we did spend towards the high-end of our guidance as far as the amount of money, we spend, but we also got at a lower price than what our guidance was. So, now that the bulk of that share repurchase has been completed and we know the price and the amount, it definitely took the bottom end of their range out of the picture.
Gary Coleman: I think everything else is going pretty according to the plan as far as, even last quarter even though we were under the Street estimate, we’re right where our projections and the same this quarter. Other than share repurchase, our earnings are about where we thought they would be at the beginning of the year.
Gary Coleman: Well, it was better this quarter, but particular at Liberty, it was I think up 29%, but that was more a result of, a year ago, it was particularly bad quarter.
Gary Coleman: Well, it was for example, 29%. I think it’s just about higher than where we were last quarter and the big part of that was Liberty. We’ve had two as I said this quarter was unusually low in terms of life claims whereas and if you look at last year’s comparison of – the second quarter last year was particularly high claim quarter. We’re seeing some fluctuation in those life claims, we anticipate that we get back to more of a norm and so I would think that we’re now looking for that level to continue at Liberty and as a result. If it goes back to more than norm then we’ll get back to around the 28% level that we reported last couple of quarters.
Gary Coleman: Well, again in the – it had more of an impact on the insert media, which is 60% of our sales we’re declining above on additional 5%, but I will give you a little more clave on what’s going on in direct response. Again, the insert media side, which is 60% of our direct response sales. We increased as a result of the potential gain on the underwriting margin. In the first quarter, we increased our circulation by 12%, but we saw a 13% decline in our response rate, so it, kind of, washed. We actually did not see an increment of volume of new inquiries coming in, people saying that they are interested in buying life insurance. However, as I mentioned, we through some testing that we did, we found a package that performed much better, so in the second quarter, our circulation there, we increased at 9%, but we had a 17% improvement in our response rates as a result of packaging. So, we actually saw a 27% improvement increase in the number of people responding to us in that marketplace. So, going forward, again we’re now back to where we were increasing the outbound circulation there, 22% and 24% in the next two quarters. So, we feel very good about where we are at going forward, but the first quarter was – our response rates were disappointing there, but that has definitely turned around in the second quarter and we expect to see good growth in the balance of this year and next year. The problem is that there is a lag between the initial response and the time we report sales.
Gary Coleman: Well, now it actually – it’s something we had tested previously that we rolled out within the second quarter. Again, that’s why we went from a 13% decline in our response rates to 16%, 17% improvement in the second quarter as a result of rolling out with that new package. We expect continued, we continue to expect to see that improvement in response rates, second half of the year. But again you need to understand that – those are people that send in our cards saying, yes, I’m interested in buying life insurance. We then over the next six months or sending them numerous product packages and they in turn send an application back in. But even after the application is received because there is a dollar introductory offer, we don’t treat it as a sale until they pay the first fully initial premium. So that’s why I say there is a 60 day to 90 days lag from the time we get that initial inquiry and before we start reporting the sales, that’s why again the second quarter sales numbers did not grow even though the number of new inquiries coming in grew at a very nice clip about – that will be reflected in higher sales for several quarters down the road.
Gary Coleman: Well it hasn’t and direct response it has and again that’s our constant challenge as I mentioned again in the first quarter our response rates were down 13% from a year ago. Basically using the same package that we were using a year ago and borrowing us continuing to find ways to be better our sales would be down fairly significantly in direct response. But again we continue to look for ways to (inaudible) as a result. Even in the difficult economy, we fully expect to grow.
