Frank Svoboda: Thank you Stephen, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $215 million, or $2.24 per share, compared to $224 million, or $2.26 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $251 million, or $2.61 per share, an increase of 3% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 22.4% and book value per share is $41.44. Excluding Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, or AOCI return on equity was 14.6% and book value per share of $72.09, up 10% from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue for the second quarter increased 3% from the year ago quarter to $782 million. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow around 4%. Life underwriting margin was $296 million in the second quarter, down 1% from a year ago. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect life underwriting margin for the full year to grow around 5%, and as a percent of premium to be in the range of 37% to 39%. In health insurance, premium grew 3% to $329 million, and health underwriting margin was up 1% to $92 million. For the year, we expect health premium revenue to grow around 3%. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect health underwriting margin to be relatively flat and as a percent of premium to be in the range of 28% to 30%. Administrative expenses were $75 million for the quarter, up 2% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.8% same as the year ago quarter. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up approximately 3% and be around 6.9% of premium. Higher labor and IT costs are expected to be largely offset by a decline in pension-related employee benefit costs. I will now turn the call over to Matt for his comments on the second quarter marketing operations. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. No that's exactly what that is. It was about on a gross basis about $39.6 million worth of loss on First Republic. 
Frank Svoboda: Yeah. And I think Wesley we do take a look at that. Clearly, we have the term loan out there for the $170 million and we'll have to consider what the size of that might be and we will definitely consider whether that needs to be $300 million issue or something larger to just make it index eligible, but we'll see what kind of the needs are at that point in time.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, just one thing, I'd add on to that really quick just to remember, that we recruit to a new opportunity a better opportunity. So, we've never really been one that's trying to take advantage of those in the unemployment markets and that type of thing. And while loosening of the labor market might be a little bit of a tailwind, we're able to recruit in all markets because again, we've really recruited to a better opportunity and there's still plenty of folks out there looking for a better opportunity. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. It's a little early right now for us to give clear guidance on what we believe excess cash flow to be next year. But just as we think about it, we think it'd be kind of in a similar range of where excess cash flow was this year, just given some of those realized losses. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We did see United Healthcare reported that and they have a large block of Medicare Advantage coverage. I wouldn't necessarily expect those trends to carry over to our Medicare supplement business. We are seeing a little bit higher than anticipated health cost trends in our Medicare Supplement business that are impacting margins slightly. But the good thing is the seasonality that we saw in the first quarter has subsided a bit and also, where we have seen some increased utilization has really been isolated to our group retiree health business so more on the group side than on the individual side. If that does occurs continues to occur those higher cost trends, we take into account in setting our renewal rates for 2024. And so we then fully expect to be able to offset any of those in the future. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Medicare Advantage is covering kind of the full medical costs where Medicare supplements a different clientele but also, we're covering more of the deductibles and items above what Medicare would not cover. 
Frank Svoboda: Yes it's really predominantly the increase in the short-term rates, which are really hitting our -- the floating rates impacting our commercial mortgage loans as well as the commercial mortgage loan that are in our limited partnership investments. About two-thirds of our limited partnerships are in commercial mortgage loans as well. So we're seeing increases in those rates as well as a little bit on the short-term investments that we have which is not as significant. But overall, so we just saw a very good growth in our net investment income and the income grew at a faster pace than the invested assets. And then also, when you think of the excess investment income, it's -- you take required interest into account. So, you had investment at the net investment incomes growing at a faster rate than our net investment income. So we ended up with a good increase in the excess investment income.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think just one thing to add to that just as an example. And what Tom would say is that if you had $45 million and it turned out to be $35 million of excess that you actually kind of incurred but the way that this new LDTI impacts that and as Tom said roughly a-quarter of that, we'd probably only see roughly a $2 million to $2.5 million of that actually flow through and actually hit current year earnings. So, it is spread out if you will the expectation for those under the new accounting got spread out over a whole bunch of years and so the impact on the current year is much less.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. We've actually -- it depends on whether it's covered by Medicare or not. So Medicare covers drugs administered in office and these are drugs that are currently administered in the office. We did anticipate some of that coming through in our Medicare supplement rates. So it actually will be one of those considerations as we look for rate increases for 2024 and medical expense trend is will incorporate estimates for what we think that will run. 
Frank Svoboda: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Matt Darden: Thank you, Frank. First American Income Life, where life premiums were up 5% over the year ago quarter to $395 million and life underwriting margin was up 2% to $180 million. In the second quarter of 2023, net life sales were $82 million, down 4% from a year ago quarter. However, as a reminder we produced very strong sales in the first half of 2022 and with AIL posting sales growth of 16% for the second quarter of 2022. This makes for a tough quarter-over-quarter comparable. However, I see good momentum with this division and I anticipate strong sales growth in the latter half of this year. The average producing count for the second quarter was $10,488, up 8% from the year ago quarter, and up 8% from the first quarter. While sales declined from the year ago quarter, we have seen sequential growth in average producing agent count over the past two quarters, and I am excited to see the continued momentum in recruiting as agent count growth is a driver of future sales growth. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $87 million and life underwriting margin was up 2% to $28 million. Net life sales increased 21% to $23 million and net health sales were up $8 million, which is up 18% from the year ago quarter due primarily to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 3,180, which is up 17% from the year ago quarter. Liberty National continues to produce strong sales and recruiting activities. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% over the year-ago quarter to $98 million and health underwriting margin increased 14% to $33 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher premiums and improved claim experience. Net health sales were up 19% to $23 million, primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,345, up 15% from the year ago quarter. The ongoing emphasis on recruiting continues to generate strong growth in this division. In our direct-to-consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $249 million, while life underwriting margin declined 8% to $56 million. The decrease in underwriting margin is primarily due to higher policy obligations and acquisition expenses. Net life sales were $32 million, down 3% from the year ago quarter primarily due to declines in direct mail and insert media activity. However, electronic sales grew over 4% from the year ago quarter. Electronic sales continue to be an important part of our direct-to-consumer division as the electronic channel currently represents approximately 70% of new sales. And this channel has grown at an approximate 6% compounded annual growth rate since 2019. On to United American General Agency where health premiums increased 1% over the year ago quarter to $137 million. Health underwriting margin was $15 million or 11% of premium, down from 12% from the year ago quarter. Net health sales were $13 million up 4% compared to the year ago quarter. Now on to projections. Based on the trends that we are seeing in our experience with our business, we expect the average producing agent count trends for the full year 2023 to be as follows; at American Income Life, low double-digit growth; at Liberty National, mid-teens growth; at Family Heritage, low double-digit growth. Net life sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows; American Income Life, low single-digit growth; Liberty National, mid-teens growth; direct-to-consumer, slightly down to relatively flat. Net health sales for the full year 2023 are expected to be as follows; Liberty National, mid-teens growth; Family Heritage, low double-digit growth; and United American General Agency, mid-single-digit growth. I'll now turn the call back to Frank.
Matt Darden: Yeah. On the Direct to Consumer channel it is subject to inflationary pressures particularly on the marketing and distribution side. As we've noted in the past and we continue to note the reduction in our I'll call it traditional channels from mail and print media perspective we are continuing to reduce that circulation based upon the cost that we're incurring to market in that channel. And that is being offset by growth in our digital channel. As I noted in the comments our growth in the digital channel is up 4%. So we've got a couple of competing factors going on there. But that is really, we're focused on just making sure that we maintain our target margins in that distribution and to the extent that certain marketing campaigns, particularly on the print side don't meet those profit objectives than we are scaling back in that area. I would say just to add on to that related to just inflationary pressure from a consumer perspective the sales are actually up on a per policy basis. So the premium per policy is actually -- so we're really not seeing a deterioration from consumer demand perspective related to inflationary pressure it's really on the marketing side. 
Matt Darden: Yes. What's really driving that is just some things that we've put in place really focused on growing our middle management count, putting more tools in the hands of our agent, managers and agency owners to be able to get better line of sight into activity, and so there's just been a strong growth as we've grown that middle management count who are responsible in many ways for that new agent recruiting onboarding and training. So the growth is as you've noted we're very pleased with that in all three channels. and think that will continue. Don't really see headwinds at this point. It depends on which economists you believe but it looks like there's predictions for the labor market potentially cooling a little bit. If that's the case that's generally been an additional tailwind for us in the recruiting area. So we're very pleased with the things that we've put in place and believe the growth is driven more by our activity than the overall economic or market. And I think indicative of that is if you look at just some of the industry trends from an agent count growth that we believe we're outpacing that. So we're very pleased with the results that we're getting.
Matt Darden: And one thing, I would add to that is, some of the feedback that we're hearing from the field is one of the dynamics that is going on out there, is the return to work from an office perspective. Our opportunity is a flexible opportunity. It's much more entrepreneurial in nature and we seem to be attracting, additional individuals that are looking for that ability to manage their own schedule, and have an opportunistic approach to grow their income in an entrepreneurial manner. So, I think that's a dynamic that's going on out there, that's more influential of our particular experience than really the labor market or that being tight. 
Matt Darden: Well, I would say, that we're always looking for additional channels. There's a lot of opportunities on the electronic media side, different methods of distribution from an online perspective, as well as that's supported by our agent call center. So we're always looking at new and different platforms and there's a lot of testing that goes on in that area, as we test into it. So as you can see, as I mentioned 70% plus of our sales these days are from an electronic source. And you just go back very few years ago, it was about 50%. So, we're definitely growing that piece as we continue to scale back on the traditional print media side. But there -- to the extent that we are getting profitable sales in the print media side, we'll continue to do that. But obviously the growth engine is going to be more on the electronics side. 
Matt Darden: Sure. Really, what we look at is just kind of as you had mentioned the share of the wallet. Obviously, that from a macro perspective is, going to have potentially some impact to tightening of that. I don't see that impacting our particular demographic too much. What we're continuing to see is an increase in all of our distribution channels including our Direct to Consumer channel, which is generally a lower income demographic. Our sale -- a premium per sale is still going up. And as a reminder, we charge -- the policies have a low premium, per month perspective. So it's not a big share of the wallet that we're talking about. In our DTC channel, it may be $20 or $40 a month as an example. And so, really I don't think that's going to have too much of an impact on our particular segment of the market as we think about our future sales. 
Matt Darden: We don't have those yet. We're finalizing the second quarter statutory results right now. So, not at this time. 
Matt Darden: And I think I was going to add to that. I think part of it too is just understanding what utilization may look like in the future. There's a lot of risks that are currently disclosed related to those drugs as well. But as Tom said, we can price for that based upon what ultimate utilization may look like. And what we -- as we thought about our '23 rates that are in effect right now we've actually like I said compensated some of that and we think those costs are pretty much in line with what we would expect.
