Mike Majors: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining the call today are Gary Coleman and Larry Hutchison, our Co-Chief Executive Officers; Frank Svoboda, our Chief Financial Officer and Brian Mitchell, our General Counsel. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our earnings release, 2020 10-K in any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Some of our comments may also contain non-GAAP measures. Please see our earnings release and website for discussion of these and reconciliations to GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman.
Mike Majors: Yes. What we saw in the -- in our paid claims was about the same. It's -- we had about overall, about 62% of our debts are over 60. And that was a little bit about the same overall is what we really saw in Q2. What we're starting to see -- because a lot of those COVID deaths still are kind of hitting a little bit of the younger ages than what we had seen earlier in the pandemic. And of course, we also saw kind of more in the south in those paid claims in both Q3 and Q4. Q4 was probably about the same. As far as the geography was concerned as well. I should probably just a little bit more even in the South as we caught up on some of those death that had occurred in the third quarter. When we kind of tried to sit through the numbers and look at more of our incurred claims, we're seeing just a slight trending upward on that average age. I don't have what that exact -- the exact age is, are seeing a little bit more trend toward higher ages, which gives us an indication for the future anyway that may be seeing that average age move forward a little bit as some of the younger ages get more vaccinated.
Mike Majors: Well, I think that it's not necessarily tools, but we obviously have additional technology we've entered or we've given the agents from 2019, '20 and '21, so they can better recapture beads and a more efficient with the virtual presentations in terms of more presentations and it's a lower cost of them because it’s not the travel alone.
Mike Majors: Yes, Eric, we're just looking at what we were seeing in October and what we were projecting back at that point in time versus revised outlook here, just slightly higher. It's a little bit in several different things, maybe a little lower premium, a little higher acquisition expenses, and a little higher claims as well. So -- and I think it's a combination of all those. For the most part, we're looking at our health margins to gravitate back we had toward 2020, 2019 levels. 2020 was that we had some very favorable claims just experience, I should say. And we're really just kind of anticipating those to move back a little bit more towards the more normal levels you think about our underwriting margin on the health side, still thinking it's about between 24% and 25%, but maybe a little bit closer to 24% as a percentage of premium than what we had anticipated back in October.
Mike Majors: They're connected and there's a connection over a long period of time. In the short run, you can have a decrease in recruiting the new agents but actually have an increase in production because it's no veteran Asia much more productive than new agents -- so with less training time involved with middle managers, as you have more a veteran agents, you can increase your production because the percentage of agents submitting on a weekly basis can go up, the average premium written for Asian will also go up in the short run. The long-term success is obviously tied to an increase in the agent count. So if you look at long periods of time, there's a correlation that's very close between agent growth and sales growth and premium growth for each of the agency companies.
Mike Majors: Yes, Mike, I would say that our pricing isn't so much to combat the COVID and changes in mortality. We haven't really viewed our -- the mortality, I kind of mentioned before, the long run, long-term mortality assumptions very differently. We did have some pricing increases in 2021, but that was more for regulatory changes that went into place as well as the lower interest rate environment. So that's where -- while we had some premium increases. And given our captive agency, we're able to put in some premium increases from time to time for those purposes. But I would say that we're really seeing any for -- directly related to the COVID.
Mike Majors: All right. Thank you for joining us this morning. Those are our comments, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I will now discuss each distribution channel. At American Income, life premiums were up 11% over the year ago quarter to $364 million, and life underwriting margin was down 3% to $102 million. The higher premium is primarily due to improved persistency and higher sales in recent quarters. In the fourth quarter of 2021, net life sales were $74 million, up 4%. The increase in net life sales is due to increased productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 9,530, down 1% from the year ago quarter and down 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 9,415. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 7% over the year ago quarter to $79 million, while life underwriting margin was down 12% to $12 million. The decline in underwriting margin was caused by higher claims expense. Net life sales increased 4% to $19 million and net health sales were $8 million, up 7% from the year ago quarter due to increased agent productivity. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,724, up 1% from the year ago quarter and up 1% compared to the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,804. About 4% sales growth may not appear dramatic. We are very pleased with the ability of both Liberty and American Income agencies to build on the significant increases we saw a year ago. Fourth quarter sales for 2021 at Liberty and American Income are higher than the fourth quarter of 2019 by approximately 29% and 25%, respectively. At Family Heritage shelf premiums increased 8% over the year ago quarter to $89 million, and health underwriting margin increased 16% to $25 million. The increase in underwriting margin is due to increased premium and improved claims experience. Net health sales were down 13% to $18 million due to a lower agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,194, down 18% from the year ago quarter, but up 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,157. We'll continue to focus on sales and recruiting at Family Heritage in 2022. In our direct-to-consumer division of Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% over the year ago quarter to $237 million, while underwriting margin declined at 47% to $12 million. Frank will further discuss the decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $34 million, down 14% from the year ago quarter. We expected this sales decline due to the high level of sales growth experienced in the fourth quarter of 2020. Although sales declined from the fourth quarter of 2020, we are still pleased with this quarter's sales results as it was 13% higher than the fourth quarter of 2019. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 12% over the year ago quarter to $130 million. The health underwriting margin increased 7% to $20 million. The increase in underwriting margin as a result of increased premium. Net Health sales were $27 million, up 19% compared to the year ago quarter. It is difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment. I will now provide projections based on trends we are seeing and knowledge of our business. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2022 and to be in the following ranges: American Income, an increase of 3% to 8%; Liberty National, an increase of 3% to 18%, and Family Heritage, an increase of 12% to 30%. Net life sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows: American Income an increase of 2% to 10%; Liberty National, an increase of 8% to 16%; direct-to-consumer, a decrease of 6% to an increase of 4%. Net health sales for the full year 2022 are expected to be as follows: Liberty National, an increase of 7% to 15%; Family Heritage, an increase of 3% to 11%; the United American individual Medicare supplement, a decrease of 1% and to an increase of 7%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: I think 2021 is an extraordinary year that we and the COVID, and I think in all 3 agencies, there was an equal or maybe a greater emphasis on production rather than recruiting. At Family Heritage, the family heritage is a life insurance company -- excuse me, a health insurance company versus a life insurance company. And I think it was much more difficult to recruit returns in 2020 and 2021 that was life insurance because of the extraordinary demand for life insurance. In addition, Family Heritage is a much smaller -- or has much smaller agencies in either Liberty National or American Income.  So now managers at Family Heritage are much more involved in production within recruiting in larger agencies of American Income and Liberty National. Middle Managers are primarily focused on recruiting rather than production. I think the last change at Family Heritage is that if you think about life insurance agencies leads, we support virtual contact and presentations. And so it was easy to recruit to those virtual presentations. Health Agent usually contacts health insurance without the benefit of leads, and those tend to be in person in home presentations versus virtual. So again, it was more difficult to be true.
Larry Hutchison: It's a product, but it's also -- those sales ranges are based on the impact of COVID and with COVID declines. If COVID declines quickly, we'd expect sales to be in the upper side of those ranges. If COVID continues at this new variants, and I expect the sales activity and the agent count would be a little lower site of those ranges.
Frank Svoboda: We do think that a good portion of those are indirectly related to the pandemic seems to be just looking at trends that we're seeing across the U.S. would give an indication that some of these are at least can be attributed to either delayed in care or delay in care, so we do anticipate the start and to subside somewhat in 2022. And we anticipate that they'll start to be less impactful over the course of 2 but we do anticipate that we'll still at least see some elevated levels throughout the year.
Frank Svoboda: At this time, Jimmy, it's really hard to determine what that impact will be. Right now, our views are not -- have not been changed with respect to that. Whether it has some potential negatives due to COVID and, if you will, the long cover that's being talked about, having an adverse impact on mortality, there's also the possibility of some positive impacts to mortality in the future, whether that be through improved vaccines. The use of this particular vaccine, another type of factors that might normally cause some better mortality. So at this time, it's a little bit early. We'll continue to look at the data and see what's out there and take that into consideration.
Frank Svoboda: I'm sure the new agent recruiting was down as expected in part because of the seasonality we experienced in the fourth quarter of this year and we relate season of last year, agent retention has actually increased over the last 2 years, particularly about income because of the export home schedule. I would say that the -- we're seeing more candidates look at the Asian opportunity. There's just so many available jobs in this labor market, it's been a little bit difficult to track and also retain new agents. But I know we can grow our 3 agencies going forward. Historically, we've been able to do that. And as an example, the economic downturn in 2010 following that American Income had strong agency growth. And in 2018 and '19, where we had record low unemployment, American Income, Liberty and Family Heritage all had strong growth, assuming our ability to grow the agencies, it really depends on growing middle management, expanding through new office openings and providing additional sales to our agents. And during 2022, we are going to open new offices in the 3 agencies. We increased the number of mine managers in all 3 agencies are also providing additional sales technologies to support our agents. So as COVID declines, we expect to see the recruiting and agent counts pick up during the end of the first and the second quarter of this year.
Frank Svoboda: No, the -- it has a little bit more of an impact on DTC, kind of given their one, their simplified underwriting, there -- they tend to have a mortality that mirrors a little bit more closely to that of the general U.S. population. And then just remember that their policy obligations are a much greater percentage of their premiums. And so we expect higher mortality just in general, within our DTC line than we do in our other agency lines. One of the things that we do look is we look at what percentage of their claims are being paid related to COVID versus kind of the average for the entire company, and it's in line. And when you look at total claims, we also take a look at just what levels of increased activity we're seeing on our COVID claims versus what would be expected when looking at COVID death across the U.S. And again, we're comfortable that our risk profile really hasn't changed with respect to GTC.
Frank Svoboda: Well, Andrew, we're seeing the improvements in persistency both in the first year and renewal year. And -- but we haven't seen anything to cause us have concern that we would have ANDA selection. I think it's -- again, it's more of the -- what we've talked about before that the pandemic has raised the awareness of the need for protection. And our policyholders, that's 1 they buy is for the pure protection. And so -- we haven't seen indications that could be a selection. We really don't expect it. Now the persistency may not hold at the higher levels, higher than pre-pandemic levels for a longer period of time, that we don't know. The persistency this year is just a little bit less than it was for 2020, but we're still higher at prepandemic level. At some point, it could go back to prepandemic levels, but we don't expect there to be any extreme as far as analyst selection or things like that.
