Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone. First, I will point out that the company continues to effectively conduct business in our operations are running smooth. In the third quarter net income was $189 million or $1.76 per share compared to $202 million or $1.82 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $188 million or $1.75 per share a per share increase of 1% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis return on equity was 9.4% and book value per share was $77.60, excluding unrealized gains [Technical Difficulty] return on equity was 13.6% and book value per share grew 10%, $52.39. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 7% to, $674 million while life underwriting margin was $171 million down 6% a year ago. With respect to premium revenue, we've been pleased to see persistency and premium collections improved since the onset of the crisis. However, the decline in margin is due primarily to approximately $18 million of incurred claims related to COVID-19. For the year, we expect life premium revenue to grow approximately 6%, while life underwriting margin is expected to decline 2% to 3% primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 claims. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate approximately $56 million in COVID-19 claims for the full year. In health insurance premium revenue grew 7% to $288 million and health underwriting margin was up 20% to $73 million. The increase in underwriting margin primarily due to lower acquisition costs. For the year, we expect operating revenues to grow approximately 6% and help underwriting margin to grow 11% to 12%. Administrative expenses were $63 million for the quarter up 4% from a year ago. As a percentage of premium administrative expenses were 6.6% compared to 6.7% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative business to grow around 5%. I'll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the third quarter marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $59 million an 8% decrease over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program excess investment income declined 5%. For the full year, we expect excess investment income in dollars to be down about 5% and down about 1% on a per share basis. Next to our investment yield, in the third quarter, we invested $343 million in investment grade fixed maturities primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.34% an average rating of A+ at an average life of 29 years. For the entire portfolio, the third quarter yield was 5.31% down 16 basis points from the yield in the third quarter of 2019. As of September 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.32%. Invested assets were $18.2 billion, including $16.9 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. For the fixed maturities 16 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $840 million compared to $772 million at June 30. Percentage below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 5.0% compared to 4.6% at June 30. Excluding net unrealized gains and the fixed maturity portfolio below investment grade bonds as a percentage of equity is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is right at BBB plus, compared to A- a year ago. We had net unrealized gains from the fixed maturity portfolio of about $3.4 billion. Bonds rated BBB or 55% of fixed maturity portfolio same at the end of 2019. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs and other asset backed securities. We believe that the BBB securities we acquire provide the best risk adjusted capital adjusted returns due in large part to our ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Because we invest long, key criteria and using our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. This is particularly true in the energy sector. Our energy portfolio is well diversified across sub sectors and issuers. It is heavily weighted to issuers that are less vulnerable due to depressed commodity prices. As we’ve discussed previously, approximately 57% of our portfolios was in the midstream sector at 34% is in the exploration and production sector. The remaining 9% of our holdings are in the oilfield service and the refiner sectors. We have no exposure in the drilling sector. The composition of our energy portfolio was essentially unchanged during the third quarter and the fair value increased approximately $53 million. While we have no intent to increase our holdings in this sector, we are comfortable with our current energy holdings. Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. At the midpoint of our guidance, we're assuming an average new money rate of around 3.4% in the fourth quarter and a weighted average of around 3.5% in 2021. That these new money rates with that annual yield on portfolio to be around 5.33% for the full year 2020 and 5.22% in 2021. While we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Globe Life can thrive in a lower to prolonged interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or statutory balance sheets under the current accounting rule since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. And fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next five years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Gary Coleman: First of all, I apologize your audio wasn't the clearest. I will try and answer the question. I think you asked why are we predicting maybe sales aren't quite as strong in ‘21 as to ’20, I think that’s the answer to your question.
Gary Coleman: Thank you. Your question as you followed up and I think it was, why were the sales be so strong at ‘21. Direct to Consumer, first, Direct to Consumer, I think it's not likely we're going to have the 50% rate expansion in the third quarter going forward. However, we do expect this level of increased sales at least in the remainder of 2020 and likely the first quarter of 2021 that's really based on the increased demand we're seeing for basic life insurance protection. The last three quarters of 2021, I think sales growth even more challenging given the large sales increases in 2020. In respect to the three agencies, again, we see that the demand for both Life and Health Insurance is very strong and we think as we have the pandemic continue through 2021, whether its midyear or through the full year, it’s likely to have a positive impact on sales. I think the uncertainly with the agency is that emphasis in sales and recruiting can be a challenge during the pandemic, if the restrictions come back in place. However, we can offset some of those challenges to our use of virtual recruiting and sales.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy the primary reason for the reduced expenses is due to the increased persistency. That's certainly true in the life side. On the health side, it's true, but on the UIGA, we also have implemented a rate increase this year, which also helps drive the expense for premium down. I think for the year, on the life side, we are looking at the amortization, being just slightly lower than what we had last year and it'll be more pronounced on the health side, where we'll be more to 18% of premium versus 19% of premium in terms of amortization last year.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think that possibility that if the economy worsens that we still see that, but we haven't seen it yet. We've actually seen it and we've talked about an improvement persistency. And we think that's due in large part though. While we're also seeing higher sales, people recognize in this pandemic and need for life insurance that's why more borrowing and then people that have asked before are making sure that they keep the policy in force. But we've seen improvement in our premium collections. We've seen a reduction in delay for premiums, so it's been positive before, we expect it to continue into next year, because we think pandemic [indiscernible] people saw.
Gary Coleman: Yes. We were using kind of that same rule of thumb for that 2 million, for about every 10,000 U.S. deaths. So that kind of have a range, we're kind of estimating 100 to 220,000 deaths, and kind of at that midpoint around 160. So that 32 would kind of relate to around 160,000 deaths in the year. And really, what that kind of supposes is that, we continue to have that the average daily deaths continue to decline and that trend continues over time, just but it does continue on into the second and even into the third quarter of the year.
Gary Coleman: Yes. I think from what we see at this point in time is that we really don't -- we anticipate the utilization especially around the non-med sup claims getting -- really back to normal. We are not seeing expecting any kind of a catch up, if you will for missed procedures. But I think without the substandard closures of clinics and such that we would anticipate just kind of really getting back to more normal levels of both med sub type claims and appointments as well as traditional medical services.
Gary Coleman: Yes, assuming, that should be relatively close, and kind of in the same range in that 23% to 24% range for all of 2021.
Gary Coleman: At the midpoint of our guidance for ’21, we're expecting excess investment income to be flat. We will have improvement in investment income. That's going to be offset by the additional interest on the policy liabilities. So virtually, from a dollar standpoint, it'll be flat from a per share standpoint, it'll be up somewhere around 3% or 4%.
Gary Coleman: Well, I think we assume it's going to be through 2021. But over time, we'll probably see revert back more to normal trend. And that's been taken into consideration in [indiscernible].
Gary Coleman: Yes. I think you hit on it, I think it's similar to what we're saying on the life insurance side as well as the need for the insurance.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We are pleased with the third quarter sales direct to consumer sales grew across all channels and the agencies have adapted to virtual sales appointments and recruiting, they are thriving in this environment. Additionally, agent licensing centers have opened and were conducting some in person sales in certain situations. I will now discuss current trends at each distribution channel. At American income life premiums were up 9% to $319 million. Our life underwriting margin was flat at $100 million. Net life sales were $68 million up 14%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 9,288 up 23% from the year ago quarter and up 11% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the third quarter was 9,583. We continue to see a significant pool of candidates, in part due to current unemployment levels. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $74 million, our underwriting margin was down 21% to $15 million. The lower underwriting margin is primarily due to higher claims related to COVID-19. Net life sales increased 2% to $14 million. Our net health sales were $6 million down 2% from the year ago quarter. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 2,551 up 6% from the year ago quarter and up 7% from the second quarter. The producing agent count of Liberty National entered of the quarter at 2,574. We have seen continued adoption of virtual recruiting and selling practices also the relaxation of certain local restrictions has allowed agents to be able to return to some in person presentations in addition to virtual methods. This environment has also provided abundant recruiting opportunities supporting continued agent growth for the future. At Family Heritage health premiums increased 8% to $80 million and health underwriting margin increased 19% to $22 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to a decrease in claims related to COVID-19. Net health sales were up 11% to $19 million. The increase in net sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the third quarter was 1,371 up 21% from the year ago quarter, and up 10% from the second quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,469. We are pleased with the results from family heritage as its agent continues to successfully adapt to this environment. Our direct to consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 8% to $228 million, while life underwriting margin declined 17% to $34 million. Frank will further discuss the third quarter decline and underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $44 million up 50% from the year ago quarter. As we said on the last call times of crisis highlight the need for basic life insurance protection. And this is proven true with a pandemic. Application activity and sales were up across all direct external channels. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 11% to $114 million, while health underwriting margin increased 27% to $18 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to lower acquisition costs. Net health sales were $13 million down 19% compared to the year ago quarter. It is always difficult to predict sales in this highly competitive marketplace. Group Medicare sales are even more volatile and are generally heavily weighted towards the end of the year. Although it is still difficult to predict sales activity in this uncertain environment, I'll now provide projections based on knowledge of our business and current trends. We expect the producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2020 to be in the following ranges. American income 9,100 to 9,400, Liberty National 2,700 to 2,900, Family Heritage 1,330 to 1,530. Net life sales are expected to be as follows; American income for the full year 2020 an increase of 3% to an increase of 7%. For the full year 2021 an increase of 4%. to an increase of 12%. Liberty National for the full year 2020. a decrease of 2% to an increase of 2%. For the full year 2021 an increase of 3% to an increase of 9%. Direct to consumer for the full year 2020 an increase of 32% to an increase of 36%. For the full year 2021 a decrease of 6% to an increase of 10%. Net health sales are expected to be as follows; Liberty National for the full year 2020, a decrease of 2% to an increase of 2%. For the full year 2021, an increase of 3% to an increase of 9% and the heritage for the full year 2020 an increase of 3% to an increase of 9%. For the full year 2021 an increase of 2% to an increase of 10%. United American Individual Medicare supplement for the full year 2020 a decrease of 25% to flat for the full year 2021 a decrease of 1% to an increase of 7%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. We're looking at the midpoint of the guidance, we're looking at about a 6% increase in life premiums and a little over 7% increase in health premiums.
Larry Hutchison: And expect to be a stair step process, I think we will have an increased agent count. While higher [indiscernible] recruiting. We've also had a real addition in middle income -- middle management, American income is growing 22% year-to-date. And middle managers are really responsible for much of the recruiting that takes place. So the 24% increase in middle management, I think we'll see strong recruiting into 2021. Also, virtual recruiting has allowed us to reach a greater number of possible recruits. Finally, in 2018 and 2019, American income added approximately 15 new agency owners, these additional options have contributed to the increase in agents. So while it's typically to be a stair step process, I think we'll still have increases in 2021.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I’ll probably add one thing, we've actually seen an increase in the amount of applications with respect to the juvenile block that we have in older ages. And as we know, the most susceptible to claims for COVID are at the older ages. And in fact, about 85% of our claims are actually in ages 60 and above. And when we look at our enforce as a whole, we only have about 4% of our enforce is over age 70. And around 12% is age 60 or above and when we right now, as we look at the claims that we've incurred, about 98% of those have been issued before 2019. And with respect to policies issued since March 1, we have paid eight claims through October 17, totaling about $42,000. So we have not seen, any kind of significant claims on any policy that we've been writing really since the first of the year. I will say that the distribution of claims is really pretty well throughout our entire blocks. And probably about two-thirds, roughly two-thirds of our claims are coming from policies that were issued in 2010, or earlier. And so they've really -- a lot of them are obviously in our older policies -- older…
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy. I would say for the remainder of this year, we're comfortable and being able to utilize all of our excess cash flows for these buybacks the remainder of the year, which would kind of really point to somewhere in that $120 million to $125 million, to get us up to 380 for the year. And that would again, be a price where may we have for excess cash flows. We'll take a look to see as we get close to the end of the year, what happens with the stock price? What happens with the economy, how comfortable we feel with our investment portfolio? We'll consider that, if we accelerate some from 2021, perhaps, but right now, I would say that we’d anticipate just really continuing on to utilize our excess cash flows through the remainder of the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan. For the for the total life margin, we expect it to be around 26% and it will be around 27%, 27.1% is what we'd anticipate without the COVID benefits in there.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I would guess that, we've looked at either toward the end of 2021, or, as we get about this time next year that I would hope that we would start to be able to get some -- maybe some preliminary indications of it. Obviously, we're still working through putting the systems in place and getting our estimates and looking at the impacts of what the new accounting guidance would ultimately be. With COVID, some of the activities that we have been done in that area gets put to the side a little bit, so it's not progressing maybe as quickly as might have been otherwise but the FASB did extend that out a year. But I would say, again, whether it be towards the end of next year or at the beginning of 2022, we should be able to get some guidance on that.
