Gary Coleman: Thank you Mike, and good morning everyone. The developments of the last several weeks have been difficult for everyone and our thoughts are with all those impacted by the current crisis. Today, most of our comments will address our thoughts on the potential impact of COVID-19 on our insurance operations and financial position. However, we do want to begin by giving a brief summary of the first quarter results. In the first quarter, net income was $166 million or $1.52 per share compared to $185 million or $1.65 per share a year ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $189 million or $1.73 per share, per share increase of 5% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity for the year was 9.6% and book value per share was $60.98. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.1% and book value per share grew 9% to $49.66. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 4% to $650 million and life underwriting margin was $179 million up 5% from a year ago. Health Insurance premium revenue grew 5% to $280 million and health underwriting margin was up 3% to $63 million. Administrative expenses were $64 million for the quarter, up 7% a year ago and in line with our expectations. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to be up around 5%. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on first quarter marketing results.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income, which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $63 million, a 4% decrease over the year ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income declined 2%. Excess investment yield, in the first quarter, we invested $212 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal, industrial and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.81% with an average rating of A plus and an average life of 27 years. In the current portfolio, the first quarter yield was 5.39%, down 14 basis points from the yield in the first quarter of 2019. As of March 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.39%. We have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.5 billion. One last item for the first quarter results, we took an after tax impairment of approximately $25 million on an offshore drawer during the first quarter. Later, I will discuss our investment portfolio in more detail. Now let's move to the current crisis and its potential impact on our insurance operations investments and capital. I'd like to start by talking about our general approach. To effectively navigate our crisis, proper planning, communication and teamwork is critical. Back in January, we formed a group to monitor and evaluate coronavirus developments and discuss the possible impact it can have on in our business. Once COVID-19 was recognized as the merely disruptive issue, we activated the crisis management teams as contemplated in our formal business continuity plan. These teams monitor developments, identify issues, recommend solutions and develop communications for employees, agents and customers. The entire executive management team met on a daily basis as well. All of this activity was designed to incorporate both a top-down and bottom-up approach to ensure an effective comprehensive response to the crisis. In addition, the executive management team is having biweekly meetings with the board of directors to discuss our ongoing response to this crisis. Our main priority was to develop a plan that would maximize the safety and wellbeing of our employees, agents, and customers and ensure our ability to continue normal business operations. We were able to quickly shift most of our employees to working remotely, while maintaining compliance with our information and security protocols. For the employees, his duties required them to be in the office, we implemented processes and procedures consistent with CDC guidelines to help provide a safe environment. We are extremely pleased with the manner in which our employees have responded to this crisis. I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude for everything our employees have done. Thanks to their efforts. We are operating at a nearly full capacity with respect to all home office operations. In monitoring operations, one key area of focus is premium collections. While it is still early, we have not seen an unusual decline in daily premium collection. This is consistent with past experiments as the persistency of our in force block has historically been stable with difficult macro economic conditions exist. For the full year, we currently project life premiums to go around 3%, life underwriting margin to be up 1%, with a potential range of a decline of 3% to an increase of 4%. We expect health premiums to grow 5% to 6% and health underwriting margins to grow approximately 1%, with a potential range of a decline of 2% to an increase of 4%. Frank will provide more detail on the underlying assumptions related to premiums, underwriting margins and revised guidance later in his comments. I will now turn the call back over to Larry to discuss impact of COVID-19 on our marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Andrew, that is correct. Our base case for that serves at the midpoint of our guidance. We do assume that we will start repurchasing again in the third quarter.
Gary Coleman: That is taking into account just the impact of the downgrades and any potential defaults during that period.
Gary Coleman: We haven't invested that much in energy since that point in time. But what I would like to point out is the holdings that we have today are generally the same holdings we had back in 2015 and 2016. And as you'll remember in early 2016, there was great concern over these energy holdings. And then one-year later as oil prices went back up, we went from an unrealized loss on those investments to gain. So...
Gary Coleman: Yes. What I was going to say is that I think that the fact in that period of time that these particular bonds, it shows that these companies can navigate through different cycles and that's what we're looking for. As you said, we're holding long term and so they came through that period. Well, we think they'll come through this period well as well.
Gary Coleman: Yes. We in the sense that we check the applications that come in, we haven't seen a change in the mix of business by state, by age group, by type of product. So I'd say that we have a normal distribution. So we're not expecting any disparate impact from COVID on our new business that we're selling.
Gary Coleman: No, neither the direct-to-consumer or in the agency. We've done the same studies in the agency business. We're seeing the same mix of business in same products. Again, we've made some minor underwriting changes in the agency business as well, but they're minor.
Gary Coleman: Yes. Well, we're talking about mid third quarter of this year, fourth quarter. That's assuming that the shelter in place restrictions are ended in the near term, which is sometime in the summer.
Gary Coleman: Yes, it may take longer, but at the same time, virtual sales, our training and our success, our closing rates of virtual sales are going up. So as virtual sales become the norm, I think it will help our sales process. But again, it's impossible to predict at this point. One is that they're going to lose shelter in place. I think people's behaviors are going to change, but I don't think it eliminate face-to-face. It really depends a little bit on what state or what part of the country or Canada that you're talking about.
Gary Coleman: First of all, Jimmy I don't have how the market value has improved since the quarter end. But I agree with it, it might be better, but we don't have any plans at this point to de-risk the portfolio. Again, as Frank mentioned our concern is more really from possible downgrades versus defaults and based on our experience in 2008, 2009, we actually submitted downgrades as a lighter. We held on those bonds, because we do hold the maturity and later those bonds were upgraded. So we don't contemplate doing any de-risking at this point in time.
Gary Coleman: We've seen – Jimmy, we've actually seen a little bit of an increase in premium over prior year, but it's early, it's only about a month's worth of data. But the good news is we haven't seen any decline at all.
Gary Coleman: Yes. Jimmy, we feel good about the estimates that we've given based on what we know today, but I think that we want to be cautious and in the next two or three months we'll learn a lot more sure of what the impact is going to be. And I think that's when we can make a better decision regarding share repurchases.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. We had strong sales and record recruiting growth in the first quarter. Total life sales were up 5%, while health sales were up 9%. The combined average agent count at the three exclusive agencies was up 15% over the year ago quarter and total agent count at the end of the quarter was just over 12,000. I'll discuss current trends at each of the distribution channels later in our comments. I'll now turn the call back to Gary for his comments in our investment operations.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. I would like to discuss one more item before we open the call up for questions. Several investors have asked us recently how Globe Life was impacted during the global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009. While every crisis is different, I think it's relevant to briefly revisit our experience during that period. That crisis did not really impact our insurance operations. During 2009, we grew life sales and premiums as its been the case in all difficult macroeconomic environments. We did not see any significant impact to the persistency of our in force block. We did have declines in health insurance, but that was due to market conditions and the health insurance landscape at that time, not related to general economic issues. Well, we did see an impact to our investment portfolio and capital position, the impact was relatively minimal. Over a two-year period, we had approximately $134 million in after tax impairments, which were primarily related to bonds issued by highly rated financial institutions. We still had significant excess free cash flow in 2009 and 2010. We were one of the last companies to stop repurchasing stock in 2009 and one of the first to resume repurchasing stock early in 2010. We did not issue equity. We did issue debt, but that was done to refinance expiring debt. Although every crisis is different, the global financial crisis helped demonstrate the strength of our business. Our business model is uniquely designed to provide stability throughout economic cycles. We firmly believe that Globe Life is well positioned, can navigate the current crisis and come out stronger on the other side. Finally, in closing, I also want to thank all of our employees and agents for their efforts during these challenging times. Those are our comments. We will now open the call up for questions.
Larry Hutchison: I don't think is a matter of ramping up, I think it's already ramped up. We've had so much interest in the agency position since the beginning – since the offset of the COVID crisis. What the difficulty has been is licensing agents initially, the testing centers were shut down, only a handful of states – only four states had temporary licenses. Now over 20 states have temporary licenses, and the testing centers are starting to reopen. So we're going to see an increase in Asia. But the unknown is the termination rate. But because of the absence of work opportunities through the end of the year, I think we will see – our termination we'll still see an increase. So I think we'll see an increase in recruiting through the balance of the year like we've gone in the last two years.
Larry Hutchison: At the midpoint of our guidance, really most of the impact on the – what we see is on our GAAP financial is really going to be from the ICU claims and maybe a little bit from hospital indemnity, but in large part while we see probably some higher MedSup claims relating to COVID. We're also seeing an actual – a little bit of some lower claims countering that from some of the nonessential cases not going through. So we're actually starting to – we kind of expect that on the MedSup that'll, for the large part will be offset and that will end up kind of on a net-net basis having it with additional beam[ph] from the ICU claims.
Larry Hutchison: Yes. No, we really haven't seen – we really haven't at this point in time, any real change in our – we've been monitoring change in our overall persistency or really any impact on claims either. We do track on a daily basis and been looking to see more indication of any adverse claims as well as other metrics that we have available to us. And at this point in time have not seen anything unusual.
Larry Hutchison: Well, Alex, excuse me. Keep going back to the 2008, 2009, we got up to 13% in low investment grade bonds in that time. And then, just a year or two later, there was half of that. We're going to hold them unless we think there is a credit issue. They're going to default or whatever, we'll try to get out as soon as we can. But just the fact that they get downgraded into the high yield that doesn't mean we're going to make the decision to go ahead and sell, just to reduce this or reduce that level. So now in terms of, how that affects RBC, if we do have that high amount or the high yield increases a great deal that will cause us to have to hold more capital and we'll do that, but I don't see that changing our overall risk tolerance level.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Yes, as you know, Andrew, that as we think about how we come about up with our estimate, we have to take a look at the total U.S. deaths and trying to kind of really see what the data has out there for where those might occur and the level of coverage and how our policies kind of fit over top of all that. As a base case, we are estimating total U.S. deaths of around 80,000 at this point in time. And there's a – and that's probably about 120% of the current model that's been out there for the institute of health metrics and evaluation. And then that translates what we're estimating is probably about 2,500 to 3,000 deaths with respect to the Globe Life companies themselves. And that cash flow would be about $30 million and then there is some reserves of course on that and that gets it around the $25 million that we've got at the midpoint of our estimates. Statutory, in this particular case, really is, we do not expect to be significantly different than GAAP. It's probably – we have a little bit higher reserves. It's a little bit less but not materially so.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. I think that's exactly right. As we talked about that we did take out the short-term because, one, it was something that was readily accessible and as we were looking at the beginning of April, just wanting to make sure that we had as much flexibility as we could as we navigated through the next several months. As time goes on and as we get more comfortable with where we think the mortality experience will be as well as what the potential impact from the economic situation and potential downgrades. Then we do have that ability to reduce overall, use some of that excess cash to reduce the amount of the term-loan over the period of time and get that paid back. And then as well, we'd have the capacity, to still be able to make some additional – any additional capital contributions that we would be required to make. Clearly as time goes on and we would also be looking to see, would we – if in fact there are needs for additional capital in the insurance companies, whether or not we would want to finance that with any type of long-term debt. We would just have to see what the extent of that is and where that ultimately takes us.
Frank Svoboda: That's exactly right. And so just keep in your mind that we do generate on an annual basis north of $400 million of new capital each and every year within the insurance operations. And as you said right now, it would appear that the mortality that we're expecting – mortality and morbidity that we're expecting from this would be largely offset by the lower capital strain from the lower sale. Therefore, our real exposure to our future statutory earnings is really whatever types of defaults or impairments that we need to take from a statutory basis.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. No, we took a look at kind of our internal fundamental process was to look at a lot of different factors and different default rates for different segments and trying to, and applying that to our particular holdings. And in that particular situation, we're looking at overall about 14% of our total portfolio being downgraded. And we would end-up with below investment grades at that point in time of around 12% to 12.5%. With respect to defaults, really at this point in time, we don't see particular names that we're seeing that we're thinking have a high degree of risk of going into default this point in time. But looking at just average, if we took a look at where the kind of an average Moody's default rates and applying that, then there's potential for having maybe $50 million of defaults in the time of any of the particular year. So taking those into account is what really frames having a 35-point reduction in the RBC, and get the – getting the $100 million of additional capital needed to get back up to 300%. If you look at the 01 stress test to kind of in our internal worst case, it gets pretty close to where really taking a look at 01 and 02 where we probably see more downgrades than we really have default risk. And in those particular case you're probably running somewhere in that 16% to 20% range on defaults – excuse me, on downgrades and a little bit higher – below investment grade, but not significantly different on the default side.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Our total BBB minus holdings in the energy is at amortized cost about $560 million and $300 million of that is in the midstream and the remainder is in E&P.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Again, we really wanted to look at the added flexibility that would – that provides us. We really weren't interested in trying to access the long-term – to get a long-term financing in the, what they call it, the in-stable environment that the public debt markets were in, in the early part of February, or excuse me, the early part of April. So as we do look at it and we say, if we have around $740 million of total cash available at this point in time, and at the high end of what we think could be needed out of that to contribute into our insurance coming capital, that was about $235 million. So that would still leave us with just a little over $500 million of cash available and that we would have – that would provide the $300 million to be able to repay that short-term loan or the term loan, leave us with around $200 million to use for buybacks or whatever purposes. Now we do anticipate that the CP market will continue to be available to us throughout the year. They have been available to us here this month and we've been able to especially here in the more recent weeks issue CP at – with tenors and at rates that are reasonable and acceptable to us. And so we do anticipate that, that will continue especially with the different programs that the government has put in place. But we do kind of look at, and as a backstop, and this is another reason that we kind of did it this way is that we do have our bank line that our regular credit facility of $750 million serves as a backstop for that CP program, so in the worst case, if should the CP market go away we have that ability to pull on that bank line to pay down that CP.
Frank Svoboda: We are not currently eligible. There's been some discussions on – we have a split rating and to be qualified under its existing terms you have to not have a split rating. And but there has been some efforts on the part of us as well as other various entities in different industries to have the government expand that. And it's my understanding that the fed is considering that, but has not done that at this point in time.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I think, Jimmy, we will really be taken a look to see, during here in the second quarter, as we get more information on the bond holdings, we can see what their reports are, take that information into account, take a look at what happens with as we come out of shelter in place as a country. And really from the world's perspective and how that impacts on large part on the holdings that we have, so that we can get a better sense of what downgrade exposure that we might have in our portfolio since we think that's probably the greatest exposure that we have quite honestly to our capital. And that will be seen whether as we – are the current trends that we're seeing from a mortality perspective within the U.S. and some of that we're not maybe getting back into a second wave or something to that effect. But if the actions that have been taken by the country and as it kind of turn out as I think the consensus if you will has estimated then, I think that's what gives us more comfort that we'll be able to then start up the buybacks in the third quarter. We'll have a little bit more clarity as to where all that really has to go.
Frank Svoboda: So as you think about just kind of how we get to the 740 million again, was that we had around $247 million on their stage for round numbers, say $250 million as of the end of the first quarter. And again, that was a little higher than normal, because we did have, while we would have our normal cash on hand, we had some excess cash flows in the first quarter over what we use for buybacks. And we used – we increased that CP borrowings by about $160 million. All of those together get shift around the 250 million. And then you're looking at the term loan of another $300 million and then about another $180 million of additional – excess at the midpoint of excess cash flows at the holding company in the second half of the year. So that's what really gets you ultimately to your $740 million. And then the 80 million is the excess capital at the holding within the insurance companies that obviously can be used for any capital needs that they might have without having to look to the holding company themselves, without having to look to that $740 million, so as we look at the $740 million, we're thinking, based on our estimates at this point in time, the range of those capital contributions could be $100 million to $235 million. So that's going to leave us somewhere, we would think $500 million to $650 million of excess cash at the holding company, when this would be all said and done, that ability to pay back the $300 million, it's still having cash available for buybacks.
Frank Svoboda: Okay. Well, I think, clearly we would take a look at that and I think with respect to the CP, if we were able to go out and replace, I think our preference would be for long-term capital needs that we would not be using the CP markets for that, that we would be wanting to access long-term capital markets, the public debt markets for that for the long-term capital needs. So depending upon how much additional capital we in fact might need, if it's a very small number, we probably would not go out and access public debt markets for a very small amount and – but if it was a larger amount than we would do that and then be able to pay back some of that CP if necessary.
