Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $138 million or $1.13 per share, a 13% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $137 million or $1.11 per share, a per share increase of 8% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, our return on equity as of June 30 was 11.8% and book value per share was $39.87, an increase of 17% from a year ago. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, our return on equity was 14.6%, and our book value per share was $31.11, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue grew 5% to $549 million, while life underwriting margin was $144 million, up 3% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin lagged premium growth due primarily to higher-than-expected direct response claims. For the full year, we expect life underwriting margin to increase 1% to 2% over 2015. Net life sales were $110 million, up 2% from the year ago quarter. On the health side, premium revenue grew 2% to $237 million, and health underwriting margin was also up 2% to $53 million. For the full year, we expect health underwriting margin to grow 1% to 2%. Health sales increased 6% to $33 million. Individual health sales grew 8% to $30 million. Administrative expenses were $48 million for the quarter, up 6% from a year ago, and in line with our expectations. The primary reason for the increase in administrative expenses is increased investments in information technology. As a percentage of premiums from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.2% compared to 6.0% a year ago. For the full year, we anticipate the administrative expenses will also be around 6.2% in premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry Hutchison for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I think you will see a slowing of sale decreases, Jimmy, in the third quarter, we’ll have a stronger sales decrease in the fourth quarter would be slightly down and flat from the fourth quarter.
Gary Coleman: Jimmy, there hasn't been a change in the product mix, but what we’re seeing is, we are seeing improvement in the claims and we expect that it continue for the rest of the year. Also the amortization is slightly higher than in past, that should continue. In other words we were at 21% for the quarter and year-to-date and we expect that to follow through for the year.
Gary Coleman: Yes, we look at our historical data, we believe that recurring was slow in the third quarter for both American Income and Liberty National. In the fourth quarter, really that's just seasonality, we have the holidays to deal with, so if you look at the fourth quarter over the last several years, they're showing a decline in the number of agents at the end of the fourth quarter. We're very happy with the results about the American Income, Family Heritage, and Liberty National. We've had good agent growth in the first and second quarters.
Gary Coleman: Bob, I was just going to say we also, first quarter we had a fair amount of downgrades but we've seen improvement in the second quarter. So downgrades not maybe the issue that some people thought they would have been earlier.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $226 million, and life underwriting margin was up 13% to $72 million. Net life sales were $55 million, up 10% due primarily to increased agent productivity. The average agent count for the second quarter was 6,599, approximately the same as a year ago, and up 6% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the second quarter was 6,773. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 6,650 to 6,850 at the end of 2016. We expect 7% to 9% life sales growth for the full year of 2016 [ph]. In our direct response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 5% to $199 million. Life underwriting margin declined 10% to $33 million. Net life sales were down 9% to $40 million due primarily to decreases in circulation. We expect life sales to be down 5% to 7% for the full year 2016. At Liberty National, life premiums were $68 million, down 1% from the year ago quarter, while life underwriting margin was $19 million, up 6%. Net life sales increased 12% to $10 million, while net health sales increased 13% to $5 million. The sales increases were driven primarily by improvements in agent count. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 1,739, up 12% from a year ago, and up 13% compared to the first quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 1,812. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 1,700 to 1,800 at the end of 2016. Life net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 9% to 12% for the full year of 2016. Health net sales growth is expected to be within a range of 6% to 10% for the full year 2016. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 7% to $59 million. Our Health underwriting margin increased 16% to $12 million. Health net sales grew 1% to $14 million. The average producing agent count for the second quarter was 933, down 3% from a year ago, but up 13% from the first quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 955. We expect the producing agent count to be in a range of 975 to 1000 at the end of 2016. We expect Health sales growth to be in the range from 2% to 4% for the full-year 2016. At United American General Agency, health premiums increased 2% to $90 million. Net health sales were $10 million, up 6% compared to the year ago quarter. Individual Medicare supplement sales grew 14% to $8 million. Our group sales declined 13% to $2 million. For the full year 2016, we expect growth in Individual Medicare supplement sales to be around 7% to 9%. I will now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Frank. For 2016, we expect our net operating income from continuing operations be within a range of $4.40 per share to $4.50 per share, an 80% increase over 2015 at the midpoint. Those are our comments. We will now open the call for questions.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, it's more because of the comparison in the third and fourth quarter are easier during the first couple of quarters.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, we do see some higher claims in the first half of the year just due to some regular seasonality. That typically adds probably about 1% to the policy obligation percentage in the first couple of quarters of the year, so we don't see that continuing on to the second half of the year. And then just with the additional claims experience that we are seeing here now in the first half of the year, we are getting that little bit more experience with the 2011, 2012 and more on the 2013, we just had that little bit better experience to feel more comfortable with where we are going here for the remainder of the year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, on the $0.02 is in the basic increase being from the increased expectations with regard to the new accounting guidance. But the decreases that we are expecting in direct response are really being offset by really some improved outlook in several other areas of the company with respect to some of our other life operations at American Income and Liberty National as well as just a little bit better expectations with our investment income and as well as a little bit of an impact from a lower federal income tax rate as well. All those tend to offset each other, the net impact ends up being a little bit from this accounting guidance change.
Frank Svoboda: Well, as we've talked about on some of the prior calls, we had used - we started introducing the use of prescription drug database in our underwriting, starting with that 2011 year. As we understand, we were really the first to use that with respect to simplified underwriting as well as in the direct response, and to where we had expected to see some mortality improvements. Now that the claims are coming in the claims are just not coming in as favorable. Our actual experience just is not as favorable as what we had originally anticipated from the use of that prescription drug database.
Frank Svoboda: No. We are definitely seeing certain segments where we're still getting some benefits and we're definitely seeing some segments where we are not seeing the benefits that we had anticipated. And we're able to take that knowledge and put that into play as we think about our marketing efforts going forward, in our mortality assumptions as well.
Frank Svoboda: Well, we will continue to tweak as always when we see more, get more experience and get more information we'll continue to tweak how we utilize that information, and how we think about that, what's in our pricing and our reserve assumptions on it going forward basis. At this point in time we're comfortable with the assumptions that we've put into place with respect to the 2015 and then our 2016 business.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we are anticipating using that additional just to finance certain activities going on down at the insurance companies. We have some additional investments so we're making in our IT systems as well as continued growth supporting our agencies, and we anticipate to use it in that fashion.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we really should, you know, I had indicated that we expect the receivables as of the end of this year to be a little less than $100 million. We anticipate receiving those fairly ratably over the first three quarters of 2017. So, we really estimate that the drag that we'll see in 2017 to be more in the $1 million to $2 million range rather than the $8 million to $9 million that we're seeing this year.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, we do, Bob. We do anticipate our statutory earnings will grow a little bit. I'm trying to think whether how to compare, how we look at that compared to the growth in the GAAP earnings but might be just a little bit slower than the GAAP earnings in 2016, we really haven't - we'll be in the process here over the next quarter to kind of look at that a little bit more closely and be able to give some guidance on that on the next call. But as far as the impairments are concerned, we do not have any impairments for the first six months of the year for statutory or GAAP purposes and right now we don't foresee any that would impact us here for the remainder of the year.
Frank Svoboda: I think on a going forward basis, we would anticipate that interest expense to be closer to probably $20 million.
