Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. I would like to open by saying that in this COVID environment, the company continues to conduct business effectively and our operations are running efficiently. In fourth quarter, net income was $204 million or $1.93 per share, compared to $187 million or $1.69 per share a year-ago. Net operating income for the quarter was $184 million or $1.74 per share, a per share increase of 2% from a year-ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity was 9.5% and book value per share was $83.19. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 13.5% and book value per share grew 10% to $53.12. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 7% to $678 million. As noted before, we have seen improved persistency and premium collections since the onset of the crisis. Life underwriting margin was $164 million, down 8% from a year-ago. The decline in margin is due primarily to approximately $27 million of COVID claims. In 2021, we expect both life premium revenue and underwriting margin to grow 6% to 7%. At the mid-point of our guidance, we anticipate approximately $52 million of COVID claims. Health insurance premium grew 5% to $290 million and health underwriting margin was up 18% to $72 million. The increase in underwriting margin was primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expenses. In 2021, we expect both health premium revenue and underwriting margin to grow around 6%. Administrative expenses were $63 million for the quarter up 3% from a year-ago. As a percentage of premium, administrative expenses were 6.5% compared to 6.7% a year-ago. In 2021, we expect administrative expenses to grow 7% to 8% and be around 6.7% of premium due primarily to higher pension costs, higher IT and Information Security cost and a gradual increase in travel and facilities costs. I’ll now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the fourth quarter marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: Thanks, Larry. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $61 million, a 2% decrease over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 2%. For the year, excess investment income in dollars declined 5% and on a per share basis was down 1%. In 2021, we expect excess investment income to be flat, but up 1% to 3% on a per share basis. In the fourth quarter, we invested $359 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the municipal and financial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 3.54%, an average rating of A, and average life of 26 years. While we continue to invest primarily in fixed maturities, 17% of our total investment acquisitions in 2020 were in other long-term investments, primarily Limited Partnerships, investing in credit instruments. These investments are expected to generate incremental additional yield, while still being in line with our conservative investment philosophy. For the entire fixed maturity portfolio, the fourth quarter yield was 5.29%, down 12 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2019. And as of December 31, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.28%. Invested assets were $18.4 billion, including $17.2 billion of fixed maturities and amortized costs. Of the fixed maturities $16.4 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $841 million compared to $840 million at September 30. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.9%. Excluding net unrealized gain from the fixed maturity portfolio, the low investment grade bonds as a percentage of equity is 15%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated A- same as a year-ago. Bonds rated BBB are 55% of the fixed maturity portfolio, the same as at the end of 2019. While this ratio is in line with the overall bond market, it is high relative to our peers. However, we have little or no exposure to higher risk assets, such as derivatives, equities, residential mortgages, CLOs, and other asset-backed securities. Because we invest long, our key criteria utilized in our investment process is that an issuer must have the ability to survive multiple cycles. We believe that the BBB securities that we acquire, provide the best risk adjusted and capital adjusted returns and due in large part to our unique ability to hold securities to maturity, regardless of fluctuations in interest rates or equity markets. Finally, lower interest rates continue to pressure investment income. For 2021, at the mid-point of our guidance, we assume an average yield rate on new fixed maturity investments of around 3.55%. But we would like to see higher interest rates going forward, Global Life can thrive in a lower to prolonged interest rate environment. Extended low interest rates will not impact the GAAP or saturate balance sheets under the current accounting rules since we sell non-interest sensitive protection products. And fortunately, the impact of lower new money rates on our investment income is somewhat limited as we expect to have an average turnover of less than 2% per year in our investment portfolio over the next five years. Now, I'll turn the call over to Frank for his comments on capital and liquidity.
Gary Coleman: Ryan, we're -- in the mid-point of our guidance, we assume that the persistency over the year would eventually get back to or just prior to 2020. In that -- so what we're going to -- what we saw in the fourth quarter, even in the direct to consumer is that the persistency wasn't quite as good as it was in second or third quarter. But still it was better than what it had been historically. We're just -- I don't think we've ever had a pandemic. Well, I guess I don't, we're just not sure whether or when we'll return back to the prior historical levels. But as far as I got as we assume -- as we get toward the end of 2021 it'll be back to more what it was 2019 and prior.
Gary Coleman: Andrew, I'd like to -- I mentioned earlier that we -- Andrew I mentioned that we have to assume that lapses would go back to historical trends by the end of the year. But I'll do a reference just not sure because we haven't been through this pandemic like this before, it well could do that because it impacted so many people, and so many families in this country that it turns out that the persistency and premise we've seen continue for a period of time. But just to be conservative, we assumed that they would go back to the historical averages by the end of this year.
Gary Coleman: Well, Erik, I think we expect from a policy obligation standpoint that we'll probably be around the same in 2021, as we were 2020. But what we're seeing is because the improved persistency, we're seeing lower acquisition cost, lower amortization. And we had 19% of premium in 2019 to 18% in -- we're thinking it could be a little bit less than 18% this coming year. So that's -- that's helping keeping that margin.
Larry Hutchison: Thank you, Gary. I am optimistic as I look ahead, I believe we'll emerge from the pandemic stronger than before as a result of the adjustments we've made during the crisis. We now have more ways to generate sales and recruiting activity. The ability to recruit agents and sell to customers both virtually and in-person in the future will enhance our ability to generate sales growth. Looking back at fourth quarter, we were pleased with the results as we continue to see strong growth in sales and agent count. I will now discuss trends at each distribution channel. At American Income, life premiums were up 10% to $327 million and life underwriting margin was up 7% to $105 million. Net life sales were $71 million, up 20%. The increase in net life sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 9,642, up 26% from the year-ago quarter, and up 4% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the fourth quarter was 9,664. We continue to see significant recruiting opportunity due to current economic conditions and our ability to recruit both virtually and in-person. At Liberty National, life premiums were up 3% to $74 million, while life underwriting margin was down 26% to $14 million, as lower underwriting margin is primarily due to COVID claims. Net life sales increased 24% to $18 million, while net health sales were $7 million down 1% from the year-ago quarter. The increase in net life sales is due to increased agent count, continued adoption of virtual sales methods and increased ability to conduct worksite sales activities. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 2,705, up 7% for the year-ago quarter, and up 6% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at Liberty National ended the quarter at 2,770. We're encouraged by Liberty National's continued growth and ability to adapt to the current environment. At Family Heritage, health premiums increased 8% to $82 million and health underwriting margin increased 17% to $22 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to improved persistency and lower acquisition expenses. Net health sales were up 17% to $21 million. The increase in net health sales is primarily due to increased agent count. The average producing agent count for the fourth quarter was 1,452, up 18% from the year-ago quarter, and up 6% from the third quarter. The producing agent count at the end of the quarter was 1,463. Family Heritage continues to generate recruiting and sales from letting. In our direct to consumer division at Globe Life, life premiums were up 7% to $224 million, while life underwriting margin declined 42% to $23 million. Frank will further discuss decline in underwriting margin in his comments. Net life sales were $39 million, up 32% from the year-ago quarter. We continue to see strong consumer demand and basic life insurance protection across all channels of the direct to consumer distribution. At United American General Agency health premiums increased 7% to $116 million and health underwriting margin increased 21% to $19 million. The increase in underwriting margin is primarily due to increased premium and improved persistency. Net health sales were $22 million, down 30% compared to the year-ago quarter. It is always difficult to predict United American sales, as the Medicare supplement marketplace is highly competitive. Although it is difficult to predict sales activity in this environment, I will now provide projections based on knowledge of our business and current trends. We expect a producing agent count for each agency at the end of 2021 to be in the following ranges: American Income 3% to 14% growth; Liberty National 1% to 16% growth; Family Heritage 1% to 9% growth. Net life sales trends are expected to be as follows: American Income Life for the full-year 2021, an increase of 9% to an increase of 13%; Liberty National for the full-year 2021, an increase of 7% to an increase of 11%; Direct to consumer for the full-year 2021, a decrease of 5% to an increase of 5%. Net health sales trends are expected to be as follows: Liberty National for the full-year 2021, an increase of 7% to an increase of 11%; Family Heritage for the full-year 2021 an increase of 5% to an increase of 9%; United American Individual Medicare supplement for the full-year 2021 a decrease of 3% to an increase of 7%. I'll now turn the call back to Gary.
Larry Hutchison: We don't keep the data because all of our applications record electronically. Only distinguish, I would estimate at this point in time, probably 80% of the American Income sales are still virtual. I think it would be a much larger percentage than the other two agencies. Well, the reason we don't capture that data is to go forward and what was important is we're looking at closing rates, we look at activity, that's really a better measure where sales will be, it really comes down to consumer preference. We'll show you the virtually around person, depending on what the consumer prefers as a sales channel.
Larry Hutchison: Well, I think we do expect to do life insurance demand for pandemic levels. However, we think demand should be greater than pre-COVID levels. Well, that's because I think that shows some benefit for the continued increase awareness of the importance of life insurance, of course, there's a possibility of future pandemic. Currently, the variants for the current pandemic, I think we'll see a consumer preference for the digital experience, which will help our direct to consumer. Only agencies are decreasing demand, I think it'd be offset by our ability to sell both virtually and in-person. And the growth in the agencies, both the agents and the middle management will also generate additional sales as we go-forward.
Larry Hutchison: Jimmy, on the sales side, the company is monitoring the increased sales levels; to be sure [indiscernible] selection is not occurring. We haven't experienced a significant shift in product mix, apt age or location of the new sales. If you look at direct to consumer it's interesting that the sales increases across all channels. However, the juvenile sales have actually increased at a higher rate than adult life insurance. It gives us some further confidence there because the highest estimate is [indiscernible] with the older ages.
Larry Hutchison: Call me back saying that the Fed was recruiting and retention. I pointed out that in terms of unemployment, we have been able to recruit successfully, we really focus on the under employed, not just the unemployed. You're correct. Unemployment does have a greater effect on retention and recruiting, has greater work opportunities. We think the ability to recruit both virtually and in-person and the sell version in person -- admin person will enhance our ability to grow the agencies. And I think retention will be at historical levels as we go-forward.
Larry Hutchison: That’s not excluding the impact of COVID next year, the direct COVID claims is still going to be somewhere, it'd be in the 16% to 17% range.
Larry Hutchison: Well, we've always looked at possibility of repricing. But I think what we’ve been looking out we’ve only given guidance for 2021. But I think our feeling is that until we get past the amount of COVID claims we'll get past 2021. We think we'll get closer back to that 80% range that we were prior to 2020.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Yes, we've -- we are expecting a higher average share price in 2021, than what we had anticipated back in October, just reflecting our higher trading price right now. So it did have a reduction in the overall effect of the buyback maybe $0.06 to $0.07 ultimately. And then probably $0.03 to $0.04 better underwriting results, ultimately, really American Income and Liberty just a little bit better, slightly better than what we maybe anticipated back in October.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Ryan, right now we anticipate just using whatever excess cash flow that we generate at the parent company for the global buybacks. So again, in that $340 million to $370 million range, somewhere in there. Well, as far as the excess cash that's sitting there at the parent company, for right now we'll hold on to that to make sure of what levels of additional capital we might need and as we work our way through the year, then we'll see if we're able to redeploy those in some other fashion.
Frank Svoboda: And I think, did you say it well, in Liberty National has a little bit more exposure to some of the higher populations within their overall book of business. When you look at -- then American Income, American Income generally ensures a little younger portion of the population has less exposure to say those portions of the populations that are being most impacted right now. So just proportionally -- they are -- Liberty National is seeing a just a higher impact overall from the COVID.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, in direct to consumer it’s a little bit more of, their -- the nature of their simplified underwriting, especially as compared to American Income, American Income has little bit more underwriting processes being done in the field whereas with direct to consumer and their simplified underwriting, we anticipate higher mortality, we've always priced in and have higher mortality experience in direct to consumer. They also have as a percentage of their in-force a little bit older population -- or they do have an older population than American Income, it's not quite as --it's a little bit less than what Liberty National has. Overall for our book of business, it's about 4% of our policies in force are relate to insurers that are 70-year old and 70 years old and above. At American -- at direct to consumer, it's closer to 5%. And Liberty National, just a little bit higher than that and American income is about 3.5% or so.
Frank Svoboda: Sure. Yes, most of these are long-term limited partnerships that primarily invest in credit-related investments. Some of them are -- have participation mortgages that are very short-term -- short-term mortgages that are made like three years in duration, and have very good loan to ratios. Ultimately, these are designed to be kicking out investment income on a periodic basis, as well as you'll have the potential for long-term gains, if you will, long-term target rates. The quarterly distributions generally on most of these range from 5% to 6% and ultimately have maybe a long-term return prospects of 8% to 10%. And really, that's the difference between those quarterly distributions that we obtain from these partnerships. And then some of those long-term returns are what flow through ultimately, it's capital gains, that flow through our realized gains of losses, over time. But the majority of those are in the nature of that. There's also some opportunistic credit partnerships that we've had on for on our books for a while. But we continue to look at some of those types of generally credit-related, structured type partnerships that get us into a little bit different type of exposure on the credit side than the normal fixed -- corporate fixed maturities.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, there's a higher capital charge and so we take that into account, when we're taking a look into that, and evaluating the benefits of getting into that type of an investment versus the fixed maturity, given the higher yields that they have right now. It's worth a higher capital charge. It is a little bit -- from a risk perspective, they're definitely lower in risk than I'm going to say kind of the general alternatives or especially those that might be a little bit more equity based hedge fund type partnerships. The structure of these with getting some type of a quarterly distribution from them, from a statutory income, then we've got a steady stream and a predictable stream still of income, that's receivable from these particular partnerships. Long-term and on the balance sheet, there is a volatility just in the value of those on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, potentially. I don't know off the -- I do not think that we've built into that into any type of our guidance. But it does seem possible that that could potentially have some cost savings in the long-term.
Frank Svoboda: Jimmy, I'll touch on the kind of the last part of that, especially, we do continue to really monitor the sales, especially on the direct to consumer side, looking at, we think changes in the average age of new applications and the amounts that are being requested. And they're coming from higher risk geographies and looking at those, are seeing changes in those types of demographics, and we are not seeing any significant really changes in those over the course of the year. So we do, and of course with limited, some of our exposures, especially to the higher age segments of the population. So we've taken steps through the marketing and underwriting efforts to try to protect ourselves there. But with -- and with respect to the claims that we've paid so far, we paid 28 claims through the -- in 2020, on policies that were issued after 31, with a total face amount of about $178,000. In considering that we issued about, close to 2 million policies during the year, that's a pretty small number. Now, we had about 3,800, little less than 3,800 claims in total, in the year that we've actually paid, of course, there may be some of those that are in the process that's still getting that are in the process. But we're seeing about 85% of our claims are above age 60 and above. So we're still really seeing it in the high risk, it's consistent with what we're seeing, consistent to where one would think in those focus in the highest level. And then almost 70% of our claims are from policy being issued in 2010 or before and 97 are before 2019. So we're seeing a pretty good distribution from over that.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, I really don't have anything new from what we talked about in the last call. We do continue to work through that. It'll be something I think a little bit, maybe the latter part of this year that we'll have little bit more information to really share on that.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Tom. We did see in the fourth quarter, a little pickup in some of the non-COVID claims. Really especially in the -- in some of the areas that we've seen in the press, homicides and deaths due to drug overdose, whether that be drug or alcohol related type accidents, which some have kind of attributed, if you will, to some of those indirect COVID-related deaths and trends and, in fact, they're up over about 24%, those types of claims over the fourth quarter of 2019. And that was about 2% of the premium in the fourth quarter. Now, we do anticipate those staying a little bit elevated levels into 2021. So, overall, we're expecting margins for full-year of 2021 to be in that 12% to 16% range, probably three points of that is, due to COVID. And you probably add another 1% or 2%, that are just due to -- what we think are some of the higher other causes of death that are kind of a byproduct of the COVID environment that we think will subside over time and won't stick with us for the long-term. But right now, we're including some of that into 2021.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, that's predominantly the credit losses that we actually had in 2020, which impacted statutory income in 2020 and therefore the dividends that are available to the holding company in 2021. And there's probably another $10 million or so, we're kind of seeing and just looking at some of the other cash flows that the holding company has that looks like they maybe a little bit lower in 2021 versus 2020.
