Mark S. McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. First quarter earnings were in line with our projections and our previous guidance and we are affirming our guidance for 2011 of expected earnings per share in the range of $6.75 to $7.10. Those are my comments this morning. [Nalini], we will now open it up for questions.
Mark S. McAndrew: Sure. And it’s not an elevated level. In fact our persistency of our life business is actually been improving over the last few years. So, it’s not an elevated level of lapses, but number of months ago, we decided that we were really going to focus on trying to conserve as much of that business as possible and we have spent a lot of time over the last few months analyzing and tracing back to the source what is causing the lapses in our different distribution systems.John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Mark S. McAndrew: Yeah, I think that’s right Randy. We still – when you look at the full year…Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yeah, yeah.
Mark S. McAndrew: That’s one of the number piece because that is an important piece. When we if on 40% of our sales where low in our mortality cost by 17%, it does allow more margin. One, we would do some additional rate test to again trying on the optimum pricing level. We know that it is very price sensitive. If that improvement in our mortality cost allow us to bring our rates down 10%, we seen from past experience that that will improve our response rates by something in that 20% range and also improve the persistency of the business resulting in higher profitability. So we’ve also had some very successful package test, you are in the last three or four months that will add to that but those are number of factors in that, but there is no doubt the change in underwriting is a big piece of it.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, thanks for the responses.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well Ed, there is a not a whole lot new to report from the last caller to you on the health side. Health sales were down a little more than what we anticipated and part of that was for example like American income and someone need to take a look at. We’ve by moving to a laptop sales presentation I don’t know that we’ve done a good job of trying to move some of the health products into that. Not something we can adjust but they come down to its pretty in line with where we thought we would be and borrowing we don’t see any big resurgence in medicare at this point in time. So it’s about in line with where we expected to be.Edward Spehar – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: So how should we think about that you know for looking at sort of the outlook over the next few years just generally, is that a business that continues to decline.
Mark S. McAndrew: Pretty much I mean let’s take for example American income, we still would be paying renewal year commissions on that business. So there is still some commission expense, but its not that, we’ve already got the high first year expense definitely indirect response we’ve already spent the money upfront. So the cost of conserve that again I don’t think it will be 10% of premium versus well over a 100% that we spend on our new business.Edward Spehar – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Very good, thanks a lot.
Mark S. McAndrew: Okay. Well first half American income, I guess one of the big differences this year versus last year Jimmy as again and looking at the percentage of those new agents that are achieving that maximum bonus level for the first time. Even though our recruiting was up last year and we’re reporting on more agents that numbers of that agents hitting that bonus level was declining and it did result and higher turnover so even though we saw some growth in the first quarter, we couldn’t sustain and then it continue to decline throughout last year, which is where we are at today. Now with the renewed emphasis on spending more time with that agent better training and getting them to that bonus level, we are seeing a reversal of that trend. So again the last two months the number of new agents hitting that bonus level is up over 30% that’s the main thing give me encouragement that we are back on the right track. We did hit a low of 37 I think 37, 24 at the end of January. They have 8% growth in last two months is very encouraging to me. Liberty national a little bit same way there is Liberty National was different that because of the way its incorporated and state of those business and it is been able to use temporary agents licenses, so we are a number if it well throughout its history. And almost become like a better word addicted to the temporary licenses. And the turnover at Liberty National has been so poor even compared to American income they only retain about half number of agents at American income does, I think a lot of that is the fact that a lot of these people never pass their exam, so they can write business for 90 days but then they are gone, and that’s not productive. It’s not productive use of management’s time. So, I look into the first quarter, the number of agents who achieve, the new agents who got a permanent license who passed their exam, and now permanent is up 34% as well as the number of – it’s not coincidence, the number of new agents hitting their maximum bonus level is up 34%. :
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, as Gary mentioned, we do have a significant amount of cash. Right now, we’re going ahead with the M&A activity. We have looked, Jimmy, and right now I don’t see any really good prospects on the short-term horizon for an acquisition. So, we would expect to utilize most of that cash in the share repurchase although we do have a Board meeting tomorrow and that will be an item on the agenda.
Mark S. McAndrew: We’ve gotten a significant amount of cash sitting here. We – I would fully expect to accelerate our share repurchase in the second quarter from the first quarter level, but not really prepared this time to say exactly how much or when that will occur. Again that’s one of the reasons, why we do have as wide of guidance spread as we have, but that is definitely on the agenda for the Board meeting tomorrow.
Mark S. McAndrew: I was going to say. I’m not sure that I heard him say that, but and obviously we haven’t buying didn’t buying anywhere near close (inaudible). Since we received that and Bob again that’s about all we can say at this point is we will have a discussion at the meeting tomorrow. We could buy it back. I let Gary, we figure up the maximum would be somewhere in the $10 million or a day range.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well yeah, I mean and we’re still open to the thought of we’ll look at most any thing reasonable. It just Bob we have been talking to a number of different investment bankers, we’ve expressed our desire there, but even some of the potential candidates that we thought might be available. We basically have been told that they are really not. So definitely have changed a little bit in the last couple of months, it’s not that we’re not opened toward, it’s more, I just don’t see anything out there presently that is really on the market.
Mark S. McAndrew: And I think that’s a fair assessment, Bob. Part of the reason we didn’t, we could have spent more in the first quarter, but we really thought a couple of months ago that there were a couple of good potential acquisition prospects out there. But those candidates from what we know today are not anything that are going to happen in the short term. So yes our attitude is a little different than it was a couple of months ago.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, there is still some carryover Bob, our first quarter health premiums tend to be if you look historically tend to be stronger than the other three quarters. And lot of that still goes back to United American the Medicare Supplements business, we all seem to have strong first quarter sales and a lot of those people pay annually.
Mark S. McAndrew: We do have, the first quarter tends to be stronger than the balance of the year. So I don't think a sequential increase is any sign. We expect to see the margins hold pretty well constant to the first quarter level, but still a small decline through the balance of the year.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, we’re taking a hard look at all of them, but right now from the analysis that we’ve done thus far, I think the biggest potential is at American Income, followed by Liberty National, and a little less at Globe in the direct response, and they find it because of the type of business. American Income, almost all of their business, a very high proportion of there is automatic deduction from people’s bank accounts each month. And there is more potential to conserve that versus Globe in the direct response. Most of that business is direct deal. We send people bill, they send it back in. So, from what we've seen, I think there’s a lot more potential for American income than the other distributions but that’s actually good because that is our highest margin business.Paul Sarran – Macquarie Research Equities:  Okay. And then just lastly, how are you looking now at the amount of capital you want to keep at the Holding Company? It was around $200 million but I think you've maybe backed away from that hard limit more recently.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, we haven’t. Again, that will be a topic of discussion in our Board meeting tomorrow. At this point, we haven’t changed that outlook, we – but that is something that we’re going to continue to look at and will continue to discuss. And I think hopefully we’ll get more comfortable of bringing that down.Paul Sarran – Macquarie Research Equities:  Okay, thanks.
Mark S. McAndrew: For the balance of the year that would be correct. Yeah.Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: That would be correct. Okay.
Mark S. McAndrew: Yeah, that’s correct. The sales that we see throughout the year, the other quarters are relatively insignificant.Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks a lot.
Mark S. McAndrew: On the other thing I mentioned a different, I know there was number of companies when you sell whole life policy that generate cash value and when that policy stops paying the premium, you have to do something with that cash value and I know there are a number of large companies out there that use that cash value to buy a reduced paid up policy. For example you may have a $50,000 it generates ex-dollars of cash and what they will do with that if you stop paying the premium, they’ll buy a $800 policy that’s paid up for the rest of life. And those people, most of those people don’t even realize that they have that coverage. So you end up building up as huge block of paid up business. On the contrary we don’t use reduced paid up as a standard non non-forfeiture value in our products. For most part we use automatic premium loan or extended term insurance, so we don’t have the same problem that some of these other company sales.Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, all right. Thank you guys very much.
Mark S. McAndrew: Well, Chris, I’d tell you, it’s something I look into, so that in the next call, it’d just be pure speculation on my part at this point. But it is something I intend to look into and I’ll have a little better – I’ll be able to better answer that on the next call.Christopher Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you so much.
Mark S. McAndrew: Yes they do, I mean on every application there was a stand there is an authorization one it allows us to check MIB…Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Mark S. McAndrew: And it – but there is a very explicit authorization that allows us to review their prescription drug history. So yes and we founded that really hasn’t at any significant impact negative impact on our response rates, it has increased the number. We’re rejecting 4% to 5% of the business that we use to issue. So that it has some short-term or it is having some short-term impact on our reported sales because of that, but those are people that we had issued previously that are not risk that we want to accept.Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Mark S. McAndrew: And that’s, if we just reclassify and that doesn’t affect the profitability. That just affects the timing of the profitability. But, no you’re right there is a $100 million or expenses there in distributions that don’t appear to be deferrable beginning next year. So that’s what I’m saying is it does give us an opportunity and we are going back and taking a very hard look at each of those. And what can we do to reduce those and yes if we can reduce those expenses even by 5%, $5 million that will now go straight to the bottom line versus be deferred to over the life of that business. So yes it is something, at this point I’m not really prepared to say what we think we can reduce those buy next year, but it is something that we are very focused on and taking a hard look at.
Mark S. McAndrew: I don’t think we can get all $100 million. Again things like some of those expenses there are management or HR even on direct response. We have overhead there that is not ties to the sale of the policy. And that, those expenses are not going to be deferrable. So we don’t have really option to reclassify those. There may will be a portion of 100 million that we can move into commission expense. I guess the biggest opportunity there is probably at Liberty National. But we’re not able to really quantify what that might be at this point.
Mark S. McAndrew: And again that is something we have discussed and we have decided for this year our new business to lower the new business interest rate crediting to 5.75, which we’re going to grade up over five years to 6.75. And that has a little over $700,000 negative impact on our earnings this year, but that has been included in our guidance.
Mark S. McAndrew: That’s correct. That’s why it will have a negative impact of I think $740,000 is our estimate for this year.
Mark S. McAndrew: And it’s, if it’s an election we make annually at the interest rate environment changes that we are not saying we might not change it back in subsequent years. But this year’s business that we issued that is the interest rate we’ve decided to go with. And if the interest rate environment continues to stay down we may again look at putting through some modest increases to maintain those margins.
Mark S. McAndrew: Those are our comments for this morning and thank you for joining us and we will see you next quarter. Thanks again.
Gary L. Coleman: We are pretty much invested. One thing though, it took a little bit longer in the quarter.John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary L. Coleman: I really don’t have any much more add that we did last quarter, last quarter we talked about the fact that we think that are ride down to be somewhere between $300 million to $300 million dollars, which is after-tax, which is above 8% of our book value.John SecNadel – Sterne – Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gary L. Coleman: But going forward, as far as the impact on earnings, we will have a negative in terms of reduced expenses that we can defer, but we’re going to have a positive by the fact that we’ll have reduced amortization.John SecNadel – Sterne – Agee & Leach: Yeah.
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, it’s a January 1st 2012, adoption day.John SecNadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, terrific. Thank you guys.
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, Bob. I think on the last call what we talked about the environment for an acquisition is good from the standpoint we’ve got the cash, but also borrowing rates are so low that the right candidate came along, that it would be a good time to buy. But I agree with Mark. We've looked very hard and it’s just looking more and more like there's not anything that's anywhere near imminent.
Gary L. Coleman: Yeah, I was just going to say it’s really discount rate that we are using for the reserves. As Mark mentioned we haven’t changed our pricing as result of that.
Gary L. Coleman: But Tom we, the impact is slightly weak. I think we talked about on either last call on the one before that should we change the interest rate to match this new gap discount rate. We’ll only be increasing our premiums about 1% to 3%. It wouldn’t be a huge increase.
