Matt Darden: Yes. It's really on the distribution side. As we've talked about in the past, scaling back our mailings and other print media that's associated with the higher cost these days of the postage in paper. What we're seeing on the consumer side, as I mentioned in my comments, is actually the sale amount on a per policy basis, the premium amount for each sale is actually going up slightly. So that would indicate to me that it's really more of a reduction of that cost in the amount of things that we're distributing, because we are really going to make sure that each one of those mailings and all of our campaigns are profitable. And that's what the benefit is of switching more of our distribution over time to more of the electronic media side versus the sales side. But I do want to remind everyone that the -- all of these channels work together and with the mail does support and drive activity to our other channels such as the call center as well as just online.
Matt Darden: Yes. As we had mentioned in the past, there's been some adjustments to the incentive side of the compensation at American Income. Those went in very late in the year and then obviously, is going to continue through 2023. We are seeing -- it's in the early stages, but we are seeing some positive development there. We had, as a reminder, a significant increase in our agent count during the pandemic, went from approximately 7,500 agents to over 10,000. And so, our attrition has been a little bit higher here in the recent quarters than what we would like. And these programs that we've put in place seem to be working. We've got some -- while it's still early, early indications that there's been a turnaround in our retention as well as recruiting efforts at American Income. So, we're positive where that's headed from a 2023 perspective. And as was noted, really feel like that is in our control, because we do have strong agent growth at our two other agencies. And so not really impacted by environmental factors, but really believe this is in our control to maintain.
Matt Darden: Yes. And as I'd mentioned, we're really focused on growing our Internet and electronic media inquiries in -- which results in additional applications and sales. And so that's been the offset is that, as I mentioned in my comments, continue to grow and is much more a significant part of the business than it was just even three or four years ago. So really, that's the offset as we've declined based on profitability in our models, the direct mail operation, we've offset that with an increase on the electronics side. So, overall, those dynamics are going on. But if inflation, depending on how that market dynamic plays out over the next several quarters, we will continue to adjust throughout the year based on the returns that we're seeing in the profitability. So, overall, we want to make sure that we're maintaining our profitability targets on each of these campaigns and we're flexible enough that we can adjust that throughout the year as market conditions warrant.
Matt Darden: No, that's a great question as we do believe we can get back there. As a reminder, agent count and average agent count for the quarters is a leading indicator, and it takes time to get these new agents onboarded, trained and producing. And then, obviously, the longer they've been here, the more effective they are from a production perspective. And so, that's why you'll see in our guidance as we have growth projected on the agent count side, but the sales are lagging that a little bit and more toward flat. We do believe that we can get to middle management growth in 2023 that will drive that longer term growth in -- on the sales side in '24. We also anticipate opening three to five offices in American Income over this next year, and that too will set us up for good growth in 2024. And I also wanted to just clarify, when we talk about compensation adjustments, there's two primary components to the compensation for agents. One is just the base commission on sales. And then, we also have incentive-based compensation that's targeted at specific behavior. And we do that throughout our history. So, when we talk about changing the compensation we're really not changing the total amount of compensation that is in our overall pricing and profitability targets, but really, we're targeting two specific activities and behavior that we're trying to influence. So, I just wanted to clarify that overall, our compensation and acquisition costs are going to be consistent with what we've experienced in the past.
Matt Darden: Yes. I'll say what we saw throughout 2022 was just more aggressive pricing by certain competitors. And we're focused on maintaining our profitability targets and underwriting margins in this area, and we're really not going to chase the sales, so to speak. But -- and we are also seeing and experiencing a movement toward Medicare Advantage plans as well. I'll say that we've been in this business since the program started, and we've seen these market dynamics happen over time. And so, we anticipate that some of that will abate as we move forward. But Mike, do you want to add anything to that? You've been running this area for quite some time.
Frank Svoboda: Yes, Jimmy, I think with respect to last level, I mean, you're right, the fourth quarter did really trend favorably versus the third quarter, while they're still higher than 2021. We're actually back to in the fourth quarter around the lapses, the persistency levels pretty much where they were in the fourth quarter of 2019. So, looking forward, I think for the most part, we do think they'll trend back here to pre-pandemic levels during 2023. Probably Direct to Consumer would probably see those maybe sticking around at slightly higher lapse rates than what we've had pre-pandemic, but not that significantly. And Liberty for the most past of first year lasted back to pre-pandemic levels as well.
Frank Svoboda: Yes. Jimmy, we did take a look. I think this is the same question you had asked last year or the last quarter as well...
Frank Svoboda: And did take a look at that. And actually, for that amortization to turn around, it takes -- it's 20, 30 years out there in the future before we end up actually where it's the amortization under the LDTI ends up being greater than what we would have anticipated under historical GAAP. So, it's actually a long ways out there.
Frank Svoboda: One of the things, Erik, we have to be a little bit careful about is we can't be releasing some of the numbers on the restated '21 and '22 until it's actually get audited. So, we get into a little bit of a timing, especially around the first quarter. So, as Tom said, that -- we really tend to be able to provide more of the detail on that, as we said later on.
Frank Svoboda: I'll just say one thing I'd just add on that is with the higher share count, the -- wasn't from the amount that we were anticipating, but just a higher -- with the higher share price that we're at this current time versus where we were back at the time of the last call, obviously, we're just getting fewer shares purchased with the same amount of dollars.
Frank Svoboda: And Mark, the one thing I would just add to that is, I think, really other than that, and other than assumption changes that might come through from time to time, I would expect once it kind of gets reset, then that the general level of growth rate should be somewhat similar.
Tom Kalmbach: Exactly. Yes. When we -- talk again after first quarter, we'll have quite a bit of detail around the impact on the various distribution channels and lines of business. So, that will be the time to talk more about those details.
Tom Kalmbach: Hey, Ryan, it's Tom. I would say that the midpoint, more like $9.25, so it dropped by about $0.10. And really, the main drivers there are the lower premium growth that we had previously -- that we mentioned. And then, we are seeing a little bit higher lead costs and agency expenses impacted by inflation. As travel starts increasing and as meetings start increasing, and we have some additional training and recruiting costs that were incurred, we just had that pick up a bit. And then, as I mentioned also higher cost on debt given the higher cost for commercial paper, just the rates are a bit higher. And then, given the share repurchase program, just a slightly higher share count than what we had previously estimated in our prior guidance work.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. The way that we think about that is last year, we had combined -- in 2022, we had combined COVID non-COVID about $118 million. And in '23, we expect about $45 million. So, kind of the difference between those two should result in higher statutory earnings in 2023, which would, therefore, lead to higher dividends to the parent in 2024.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes. So, for 2023, for the -- we expect a little bit higher COVID deaths in the first quarter than we would for the third -- second, third and fourth quarter. So that's -- we do kind of think that will be front-loaded a little bit during the course of '23.
Tom Kalmbach: Yes, I'll answer that one. Probably the one thing as we think about the implementation of LDTI is the treatment of future deferrals of renewal commissions. So, to the extent that a portion of renewal commissions are deferred, the new rules require us now to -- in historical gap, we would look at all anticipated future renewal commissions and determine an amortization rate, that was an average that was needed to amortize both the first year capitalized expenses as well as future renewal capitalized expenses. Under the new method, we're only allowed to -- as we capitalize, we're only -- we are forced to change the amortization rate upon each additional capitalization. And so, for our AIL line of business, we do have some renewal commissions that we capitalize. And we had kind of talked last quarter that for the block, we'd expect kind of a 50 basis point increase in amortization. That's really driven by two things. One is, we have a mix of business where -- we don't have any DAC on some of the business. And on the other business we have DAC that is being amortized. So, as the block that we don't have any DAC on where we fully amortize it with as that runs off, the average amortization rate goes up. But the other is that as we get new renewals, commissions that are deferred on AIL, we'll see the amortization rate tick up a little bit. In aggregate, we'd see probably that amortization rate tick up around 20 basis points to 30 basis points over the next few years and then kind of even out and that increase would diminish over time as we put new business on the books.
