Mark McAndrew: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me this morning is Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer; Larry Hutchison, our General Counsel; and Mike Majors, Vice President of Investor Relations. Some of our comments or answers to your questions may contain forward-looking statements that are provided for general guidance purposes only. Accordingly, please refer to our 2010 10-K and any subsequent Forms 10-Q on file with the SEC. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $128 million or $1.25 per share. A per share increase of 12% from a year ago. Net income for the fourth quarter was $126 million or $1.23 per share, a 4% decline on a per share basis. For the full year, operating income per share grew 10% to $4.68 while net income per share increased 12% to $4.72. Excluding FAS 115, on return on equity 14.2% for the quarter and our book value per share was $35.59, a 9% increase from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis with fixed maturities carried at market value, book value grew 25% for the year to $41.54 per share. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue excluding United Investors grew 4% to $432 million and life underwriting margins increased 6% to $121 million. Net life sales for the quarter increased 5% to $81 million. At American Income, life premiums were up 9% to $157 million and life underwriting margin was up 5% to $51 million. Net life sales increased 11% for the quarter to $37 million. The producing agent count at year-end was 4381, up 12% from a year ago. I continue to be excited by the growth prospects of American Income. While the agent count dipped slightly in the fourth quarter, it has rebounded strongly in January to over 4600. Our middle sales management ranks have grown 29% in the past year. As expected, we saw double digit life sales growth in the fourth quarter which we expect to continue throughout 2012. In our Direct Response operation at Globe Life, life premiums were up 6% to $146 million, and life underwriting margin was also up 6% to $36 million. Net life sales were up 8% to $33 million. We are beginning to see the impact on the increase in certain media circulation which we began in the third quarter. We expect to see similar or better sales growth through at least the first three quarter of 2012. At Liberty National, life premiums declined 3% to $71 million and life underwriting margin was down 1% to $16 million. Net life sales declined 23% to $8 million while net health sales grew 43% to $5 million. The producing agent count at Liberty National at year-end was 1345, down 33% for the year. Since our last call, we have made some management changes at Liberty National. Roger Smith, the CEO of American Income has also been appointed CEO of Liberty National, and Steve DiChiaro, a very successful SGA at American Income, was brought in as Chief Marketing Officer. These management changes have been very well received by the Liberty National sales force and I am optimistic that we will begin to see a turnaround at Liberty National in the next 6 to 9 months. On the health side, premium revenue excluding Part D declined 5% to $179 million, and health underwriting margin also declined 5% to $34 million. Health net sales grew 7% in the quarter to $21 million. Premium revenue from Medicare Part D declined 5% to $48 million, while underwriting margin was down 23% to $7 million. Part D sales for the quarter increase to $97 million versus $14 million a year ago, primarily as a result of low income subsidized enrollees which we discussed on the last call. The volume of business form new low income subsidized enrollees who turned 65, has been a positive development. While we expected to enroll roughly 2000 per month, for January and February we have averaged closer to 6000. We now expect to add 50,000 to 75000 additional enrollees turning 65 in 2012 versus our prior estimate of 24000. Administrative expenses were $41 million for the quarter, up 2% from a year ago and in line with our expectations. I will now turn the call over to Gary Coleman, our Chief Financial Officer, for his comments.
Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2012, we continue to expect our net operating income per share will be in a range of $5.10 to $5.40 per share. And those are my comments for this morning. Gwyn, I will now open it up for questions.
Mark McAndrew: Jimmy, the midpoint of our guidance, we’re assuming that we’re going to spend about $90 million a quarter on share repurchase.
Mark McAndrew: As of now, it’s down about 4% from where it was at year-end. So it’s still down a little bit from where we were at year-end.
Mark McAndrew: Well, the main thing, Randy, is really getting more organized in our recruiting and training of new agents. We, at American Income, we have systems in place where it is an ongoing every week process of here is how you recruit, and every SGA that we have there is recruiting every week and the middle management team that we have there is, they’re recruiting on a weekly basis. We just need to implement similar processes at Liberty National and that really hasn’t been put in place in the past. So, it’s primarily about improving the recruiting and training processes at Liberty. And again, we’re starting with a handful of offices and then we’ll expand it from there. But realistically, it’s going to take us six to nine months, I think, to get all of the Liberty offices on board with those processes.
Mark McAndrew: Now when we had Liberty managers meeting here a couple of weeks ago where we introduced Roger and Steve to them, and basically I told I’m -- we’re through closing offices. No, I don’t expect the number of offices to decline further. I think the managers that we have are enthusiastic. We just need to show them a little better how to recruit and how to train, and I have all the confidence in the world that by the end of 2012 we’ll see a turnaround there.
Mark McAndrew: Well, our emphasis is going to continue to be on the life, but we are seeing some improvement in the Medicare supplement marketplace, which is a market we’ve been in since the 1960s. So it’s a business we’re very comfortable with. And particularly we’re seeing actually, on our general agency and direct response, we’re actually seeing some growth in our Medicare supplement sales as well as our premiums. I Don’t expect to see any -- we’re not anticipating major growth there but we’ll take all of that business we can get. So I think over the next three or five years I think we’ll start to see some growth in our Medicare supplement line of business. Liberty National, most of their growth in health sales are coming from supplemental products sold through the worksite, similarly to the AFLAC type products. We’re very comfortable with those products, have been selling them for a number of years and we expect to see continued growth in that marketplace. So, in those specific markets we’re very comfortable with the products that we have and I think we’ll continue to see growth in those health sales.
Mark McAndrew: Well, that is, as I mentioned, a positive. Where we did pick up about 77,000 new people at beginning of the year and where we were anticipating picking up 2,000 a month. It’s been running closer to 6,000 a month, people turning 65. And the average premium on that, monthly premium is right at $100. So, you can multiply that out. It is -- well let’s see if I’ve got it here somewhere. We started the year, I believe, with $195 million of annual premium in-force. By year-end, we expect that to be about $328 million of in-force. I think we expect to have about a little over $300 million of collected premium for the year.
Mark McAndrew: Paul, overall, as far as the acquisition front, we continue to keep our eyes open. We continue to talk to investment bankers. But right now still don’t see anything on the short-term horizon that we’re interested in. As far as buybacks versus dividends, we’ve been gradually increasing our dividends last few years. We’re still -- we’re at a lower yield than our peers. We may see some acceleration in the dividends, but again what we’ve been doing, if you look at our free cash including money spent for dividends, we’re running about $400 million to $410 million a year. We’ve been using about $50 million for dividends. We may see that go up a little bit, but we still expect the bulk of it to be used for share repurchase.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I definitely think it’s a real trend, particularly at American Income, which again, that’s where we focused our initial efforts. We’re seeing some positive trend. In fact I didn’t really mention it in my comments, but our new initiatives this year on conservation, we conserved just over $12 million of annualized premium. Now about half of that was at American Income. Next year we expect those initiatives conserve over $31 million of premium, is our estimate right now. So we’re starting to see some impact and that’s a reason we started publishing that exhibit, but I think we’ll see more of an impact over the next 12 to 24 months as we continue to expand those conservation initiatives.
Mark McAndrew: Actually, Chris, as far as new business written in 2012, as Gary mentioned, we did lower the discount rate for business issued in 2011. We expect to lower that some more for the business written in 2012, although we will shed more light on that on the next call.
Mark McAndrew: And in, again, the midpoint of our guidance, we’ve assumed that we were going to lower it to 4.75, graded up to 6.5 over seven years, is what we’ve included in our guidance. Doesn’t mean that’s what we’re going to use, but that is what we’ve estimated on our guidance.
Mark McAndrew: Right. And also Chris as mentioned on the last call, we can adjust to lower interest rates. We did put through some rate increases January 1, in both Direct Response and American Income to offset the lower investment yield. We feel very comfortable with our investment strategy. We feel like it served us very well for a number of years now, and we expect to continue to that.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again we did a study about a year ago. 100 basis points decline -- to reduce it 100 basis points caused us to, it would be 1% to 3% in most of our products. Would take 1% to 3% rate adjustment to offset 100 basis points lowering of discount rate. We put through about 5% increase at both American Income and some of the direct response products, January 1. So we feel like we’re ahead of that game.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I’ll point out, Steven, actually if you look at our business, most of our business is whole life. At American Income, Liberty National most of it’s whole life, even in the direct response. We showed some term business in direct response, but it’s termed to 100 or termed to 95. They are very long-term policies that we really don’t see conversions.
Mark McAndrew: Well, there’s no doubt closing as many offices as we did. Again we went from a 130 offices down to 70 in a little over a year. And part of the reason for that was just to get the expenses in line and get the profitability of the business up where it needs to be. So that had a big impact on recruiting. When you go from 130 managers down to 70, it’s going to impact the number of new agents we recruit. As far as, in fact I am looking at that number, I don’t really have an answer, Steven, for why that went from 552 to 648 on the veteran agents. I’ll look into it and I can have Mike get back to you on that.
Mark McAndrew: No, I don’t think it is anymore. We’ve had -- since the last call, we’ve actually had two meetings, one prior to the management -- well, one about the time of the last call. We had another meeting, and the attitudes there are extremely good. The last meeting we had was the most positive meeting that I can ever recall having at Liberty. So, I don’t -- we might lose a handful of managers but I think we have people to replace them. So, we don’t anticipate closing off or I don’t think we’ll lose a third of the managers now.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Sure, John. Again we picked up -- well first off, the average monthly premium, we get premiums monthly, is right at $100, $98.86 on these auto-enrollees. We picked up 77,000 of those at the beginning of the year January 1. Actually -- and we had anticipated picking up an additional 2,000 people turning 65 each month, but through the first couple of months, that has actually run close through the 6,000 a month. So we now expect to pick up somewhere in the 50,000 to 75,000 additional enrollees turning 65 and again the monthly premium is right at $100. So you can -- I did make the comment that, if I look at total revenue, we had $197 million I think in 2011. We expect that to go to, our current estimate and our guidance is $306 million. I think maybe a little higher than that.
Mark McAndrew: Well, definitely for 2012 it is, Bob, and it’s something we are already looking at what can we do for 2013 to not only hold on to what we have but hopefully increase the volume of auto enrollees that we receive. So, if we can -- assuming we can at least hold on to the 21 regions that we’re getting auto-enrollees, it would become a significant area of growth for us.
Mark McAndrew: That’s basically right Bob. They have become much more similar than what they were a year ago, two years ago, five years ago. And the basics of recruiting and training agents in markets are very similar. But I will think about your comment and at least try to get him on maybe one call here of the next two, I’ll try to have him on.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, I think there is 34 total regions. I think we’re getting the auto-enrollees in 21 of the 34. So, there is obviously 13 that we’re not. So, we’re looking there. Any place that our plan is below the median cost in that region, then we pick a portion of the low income subsidized. So, that is something we’re looking at, or other ways that we can continue to shape a few dollars off of our premium to keep it below the median or actually get it below the median in some of the markets that we’re not in. So, we’re continuing to look at ways to be a little more price competitive.
Mark McAndrew: Well, we significantly increased the volumes in second half of 2011, which we’re starting to see the results of. Right now, at least for the first two quarters of 2012, we’re just anticipating the circulation to increase 7% to 8% above a year ago. That could change as we go through the year, but right now that’s our current anticipation of the volume for the first half.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, Jimmy, as I said at the beginning of the year we have $74 million of cash on hand and we’ll supplement that with cash this year, additional cash of $350 million or $360 million of free cash flow.
Gary Coleman: I think we’d probably want to keep a cushion of around $50 million, maybe a little bit higher. I think there is no specific need of whatever they were targeting. We just feel like we should have some cushion and that number feels about right.
Gary Coleman: Sure, yeah, Paul, we started the quarter with $166 million. The free cash for just the fourth quarter, and again, that’s dividend less the interest expense, and our dividend payments for the shareholders was $13 million. That gets you to $179 million. From that we used $68 million for share repurchases and we also used $25,000 to make a capital contribution to one of our insurance subsidiaries. And then that leaves another $12 million that was a net of several different parent company expenses. But if you net all those down, you get down to the $74 million.
Gary Coleman: Well, the primary reason for that is there was a -- the NAIC changed the way it treats some trust preferred or hybrid securities. And depending on the level of the purchase price versus the par value, there they raised the capital requirements for those particular bonds and so that was unexpected, that was adopted during the year. And so this additional $25 million is put down there just to make sure that we stayed around our 325% target.
Gary Coleman: Chris, it’s really due to the mix of business. You’ll remember that most of our life business is protection type business. So not accrediting interest to policyholder accounts, the discount rate is truly a discount rate used to calculate the reserves. And for policies issued in 2011, we did drop the discount rate to 5.75% which in prior years have been leaning closer to 6.5%. But the 2011 issues we’re having, this is a small impact when you look at the overall block of business that we have. And so, the increase is coming from the fact that they have more of the business at those higher rates for the few years prior to 2011. But I think the right way is, it’s not going to go up much from here, and in the long run it will start trending down.
Gary Coleman: Well, actually, it could be a little bit lower. I think in the last call, we gave some assumptions what would happen over the next five years if we invested at 4.75%. And we also talked about maybe dropping the discount rate to 4.75% on 2012 issues. As Mark said, we’ll decide on that in the first quarter, but I think it will be lower in the 5.22% and it may be lower than 5%.
Gary Coleman: Well, first of all, we are not extending durations. We’ve been investing in these durations for quite a few years and it all gets back to asset liability matching. Our liabilities are very long. Now also in terms of quality, we haven’t stepped down in quality. We have been at A minus level for new purchases for quite some time. I think there was one quarter we went down to BBB plus. But we really haven’t changed anything. We’re being consistent with our investment strategy in the past. We look at alternative assets, but we have stayed away from mortgage loans as I mentioned in the beginning, stayed away from all -- whether it’s residential or commercial or whatever. And I think we feel more comfortable with investment grade corporate bonds and we don’t like the lower yields but we feel better with the credit of those assets, the credit quality and I think that’s what we’re going to stay with.
Gary Coleman: John, I think we’ve only seen a couple issues called, and they were smaller ones. But we do have just under $750 million of bank trust preferreds, hybrids that would -- that are contingent calls. And we expect a large number of those to be called but up until recently, with the expectation that those calls would occur in 2013. But as you mentioned there is talk that some of the banks are instead avoiding for the change and that was tied to the change in the Tier 1 capital rules, but now there is some indications that some banks will say, well, when these rules are issued in 2012 that will be the triggering event that’ll allow them to call the securities. So, we really don’t know how that’s going to work out, whether there will be sizable amount in 2012 or it will be 2013. You’re right, it will have an impact on our yield. The yields on those are just little over 7%. And if we refinance or reinvest at 4.75%, it would be a significant change to the yield. In the last call, we talked about, if we invested in rates at 4.75% for the next five years, what would happen to the portfolio yield and I think what we said at five years from now and so yield of 6.49% as it does today, the portfolio would be yielding 6%. Well in that, in those projections, we assume that these trust preferreds would be called and that the money would be reinvested at 4.75%. So, that projection is still good, the question is though, if it will, some of them happen in 2012 and we just don’t know.
Gary Coleman: Yes, it should, because as I mentioned earlier they have increased the capital charges on those trust preferreds. So I don’t know how much the impact, but that would -- well, it would have a fairly significant impact on the capital. So that will be a plus.
