Gary Coleman: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, net income was $140 million or $1.18 per share, a 4% increase on a per share basis. Net operating income from continuing operations for the quarter was $142 million or $1.19 per share, a per share increase of 7% from a year ago. On a GAAP reported basis, return on equity as of June 30 was 11.4%, and book value per share was $42.55. Excluding unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturities, return on equity was 14.3% and book value per share was $33.49, an 8% increase from a year ago. In our life insurance operations, premium revenue increased 5% to $574 million, and life underwriting margin was $147 million, a 3% from a year ago. Growth in underwriting margin continues to life premiums growth due primarily to the Direct Response segment, as we have discussed in previous calls. For the year, we expect life underwriting income to grow around 2% to 4%. On the health side, premium revenue grew 2% to $243 million, while health underwriting margin was up 5% to $55 million. Growth in underwriting margin exceeded premium growth due primarily to favorable claims experience. For the year, we expect health underwriting income to grow 1% to 3%. Administrative expenses were $51 million for the quarter, up 6% from a year ago, and in line with our expectations. As a percentage of premiums from continuing operations, administrative expenses were 6.3% compared to 6.2% a year ago. For the full year, we expect administrative expenses to remain around 6.3% of premium. I will now turn the call over to Larry for his comments on the marketing operations.
Gary Coleman: I want to spend a few minutes discussing our investment operations. First, excess investment income. Excess investment income which we define as net investment income less required interest on net policy liabilities and debt was $62 million, a 13% increase over the year-ago quarter. On a per share basis, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program, excess investment income was up 18%. The higher within normal increase is due primarily to the following factors. First, interest expense was higher in the second quarter of 2016 due to debt issued early in that quarter, refinancing those that did not mature until later in the quarter. And also investment income in 2017 is higher because the negative impact from the lengthy delays of receiving party reimbursements has declined. For the second half of the year, we expect excess investment income to grow around 5% and excess investment income per share grow around 9% to 10%. Now regarding the investment portfolio, invested assets were $15.3 billion, including $14.7 billion of fixed maturities at amortized cost. Of the fixed maturities, $14 billion are investment grade with an average rating of A- and below investment grade bonds are $672 million compared to $763 million a year ago. The percentage of below investment grade bonds to fixed maturities is 4.6% compared to 5.5% a year ago. With a portfolio leverage of 3.7x the percentage of below investment grade bonds to equity, excluding net unrealized gains on fixed maturities, is 17%. Overall, the total portfolio is rated BBB+, just slightly under the A- a year ago. In addition, we have net unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio of $1.7 billion, approximately the same as a year ago. As to investment yield. In the second quarter, we invested $154 million in investment grade fixed maturities, primarily in the industrial sectors. We invested at an average yield of 4.90%, an average rating of BBB+ and an average life of 20 years. For the entire portfolio, the second quarter yield was 5.68%, down 12 basis points from the 5.80% yield in the second quarter of 2016. As of June 30, the portfolio yield was approximately 5.68%. In the midpoint of our guidance, we are assuming an average new money rate of 4.80% for the remainder of the year. We are still hoping to see higher interest rates going forward. Higher new money rates will have a positive impact on operating income by driving up excess investment income. We are not concerned about potential unrealized losses that are interest rate driven, since we would not expect to realize them. We have the intent and more importantly, the ability to hold our investments to maturity. However, if rates don't rise, a continued low interest rate environment will impact our income statement, but not the balance sheet. Since we primarily sell non-interest sensitive protection products accounted for under FAS 60, we don't see a reasonable scenario that would require us to write-off DAC or put up additional GAAP reserves due to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, we do not foresee a negative impact on our statutory balance sheet. While we would benefit from higher interest rates, Torchmark would continue to earn substantial excess investment income in an extended low interest rate environment. Those are my comments to the investments. I will now turn the call over to Frank.
Gary Coleman: Matt, I think in your question ultimately was looking at little bit higher than – higher margins on the – from the health business in the first half of the year, we are not really seeing that in the second half of the year. And that’s right, largely with respect to both Liberty and American Income we did see some favorable claims in the second quarter that we just not really seeing continuing on for the full year.
