Mark McAndrew: Thank you, Gary. For 2011, we project our net operating income per share will be within the range of $4.65 to $4.69 per share. For next year, we are projecting our net operating income per share to be between $5.10 and $5.40 per share. I would like to reiterate that this guidance reflects the $0.06 to $0.10 reduction as a result of the changed NDAC accounting. Those are my comments for this morning. We will now open it up for questions.
Mark McAndrew: Okay, well first at Liberty National. You’re correct, Jimmy, that any major changes in the past, we have seen a disruption. And our guidance, we’re still assuming a mid single-digit decline in our Life sales at Liberty National next year, although we do expect to see some growth in our Health sales at Liberty National next year. On the other hand, we have announced these changes a couple of weeks ago. And they were well received. I will point out, a year-ago we had 165 offices at Liberty National. And today, we’re down to 75. We have closed or consolidated most of the underperforming offices there and I felt like these changes were very well received. I really believe that the branch managers that we have now have the desire to grow, the ability to grow, as well as the tools to grow. So I remain optimistic that we will see a turnaround at Liberty National next year although again, in our guidance, we have assumed a small continued decline in our Life sales.
Mark McAndrew: Well, overall, our pricing trends have been very favorable. Again, we re-priced our products, I think, last year and the largest selling product – the high deductible plan F, I know, we have actually reduced our rate the last two years, which has made it more attractive. Really over the last several years, we haven’t seen – we’ve seen very small single-digit increases on all of our products. I’m not seeing – even though we’re seeing some activity there, it’s still a very small part of our business. And while we expect some growth there, we don’t expect it to get – we’re not projecting it’s going to get back to where it was 10 years ago. So it will continue to be a competitive marketplace. But again, we think in a competitive situation, we’re in better shape than we’ve been in a number of years.
Mark McAndrew: As our other products. We basically came up with a product that has a little higher deductible and also a more narrow formulary as far as what prescriptions are covered which allowed us to bring – we still have the same products that we offered last year. But we added another product which has a lower cost which got us below that medium pricing level, which qualified us, I think, in 21 out of 34 regions for the low income subsidized people. So in addition to the 76,000 that we’re picking up immediately, we’ll start picking up about 2,000 additional people each month, people turning 65 as a result of that also. So yes, we feel very comfortable that we will see that kind of growth in our part D revenues next year.
Mark McAndrew: No. It’s an okay terminology. Again, you have to understand in the insert media, the whole process. And it’s a long process. We first put a very simple insert piece into some of the media, whether it’s a coupon pack or a newspaper or a DirecTV bill. That is what we increased, that volume by 22% in the third quarter. People then send us a response either most of those responses are reply cards that are mailed in, although they can also call in, or get on the Internet. But most of those people send back a reply card. Once we get the reply card in and the number of responses we got we’re up over 50%.
Mark McAndrew: Yeah, substantially. Once we get that reply in, we start sending a series of product offerings, really not just the next 3 months but 6 months, 12 months even out further than that. For example, historically, the first product offering we send out, we get 8% to 9% of those people to buy. The second one, it goes down in the 3% to 4% range. The third one, it goes down in the 2.5% to 3% range. But we continue to get people to reply to those product mailings, which include an application and rates for an extended period of time. But even after these people send the application in, it has $1 for the first month introductory offer. So after we issue the policy, we then have to, 30 days later, we send them a bill. And until they pay that renewal premium, we don’t treat it as a sale. So, in fact, I apologize. I should have better lag numbers for exactly how long after that insert media increases will we see those sales. And I will have better numbers for the next call. But again, the first step of that, the number of responses is up according to our plan. It just takes an extended period of time for that to be turned into what we report as net sale.
Mark McAndrew: Well, again, that’s one of the things we’re issuing a smaller percentage of the applications we’re getting in. So, that does offset somewhat.
Mark McAndrew: That we decline, I think its 5% to 6% more of the business that we’re getting in. So that does somewhat offset the growth in sales. If we weren’t doing that, our sales would be 5%, 6% higher although the profitability of those sales would be lower. So that is one of the factors that temper the growth in sales. But also, again, as I’ve mentioned before, the insert medias, the one aspect of our business that the response rates do tend to follow the consumer confidence index. And so again, we tempered a little bit because even though the inquiries are up, we could still see – if you say what could go wrong, we could still see those response rates for the fulfillment packages could go down or the percentage of the people who end up paying beyond the dollar introductory offer could go down as a result of economic conditions. So we’re trying to be on the conservative side there.
Mark McAndrew: Well obviously again, it’s something that we’ll continue to evaluate each quarter. But right now, we feel comfortable with really about $50 million cushion. We want to keep that for the end of the year just until we know for sure what our year-end RBC is going to be. And again borrowing acquisition potentials or if there’s anything else, we still believe that share repurchase is a good use for it. And right now I don’t see any reason to hold more than that for a cushion.Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So in terms – so, when you think about your guidance, you’re assuming that whatever free cash flow you generate in 2012 is used buyback stock.
Mark McAndrew: That’s correct. In our guidance, we had assumed we would use basically our free cash. We’ve assumed at different price levels, but we have basically assumed that we would use it to repurchase stock.Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can Gary remind us what that number – I don’t know if you’ve given us anything on that number expectation for next year.
Mark McAndrew: Well, I guess that’s where no doubt the impact of share repurchase is a big item. And we don’t get to – we said at the beginning of this year, we wouldn’t get the full impact of the United Investors sale until first, second quarter of next year. It was actually dilutive by $0.05 to $0.10 per share this year and it will be accretive next year as we get the benefit of that. But other things, the expense reductions we’ve seen at Liberty National. Again, we’ve closed 90 offices in the last 12 months and those expenses are going to obviously expenses that would no longer be deferrable. Those expense changes will add about $0.11. But the part D we’ve increased will add about $0.05. The change in the underwriting and Direct Response, will add about $0.02 after tax. So, there’s a number of different factors adding to its. But still share repurchase at the current multiple if we would have been double-digit growth in earnings per share this year without the United Investors sale. So, and I’m not again, we don’t – you’re right, we don’t reconcile to your model but it’s even at the beginning of this year, it’s not far off where we thought we would be.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Liberty National, that is still the biggest question mark that we have. And again, I feel good about the changes that we’ve made. I think they were received well. But the next, I would say 90 days, next three to four months is really going to really see how well those changes were received. We have made them much more businessmen, much more entrepreneurs versus just managing our offices. The one big thing, Colin, that you need to remember, regardless of the level of sales going forward, we have moved most of the fixed expenses at Liberty into variable expenses. So the least the margins on the business that we write at Liberty National will be predictable going forward. But again, I can’t – I believe that by the first of the year, we will be at our low point at Liberty National. But only – we’re really going to have to wait and see what that is. We’re still expecting a small decline, again, in our Life sales although we do expect our Health sales to pick up. But I think the next three or four months will definitely, we’ll have a better answer to that. As far as dividend goes and buyback, we definitely discussed that. We had been slowly raising our dividend each year for the last several years. But it still comes down to – at the current PE that we’re trading at, we still believe buyback is a very good use of the money. But it is something particularly if we get in a very low interest rate environment, we obviously could pay a much higher dividend. But at this point, there’s no definite plans to change our dividend policy. That might change if the PE comes up some. As far as M&A, I don’t – particularly right now, until we see some positive results at Liberty National, I would be, in fact, I would just say I would not be interested in buying another home service company. Even though the pricing maybe attractive on it. You’d almost have to look at it as a close block of business because particularly, the changes in bank accounting, it’s very difficult to show a GAAP profit in a home service business. So I don’t see anything on the short-term horizon there.
Mark McAndrew: Absolutely, Colin. There’s no doubt. And the change in the DAC accounting, even though these were plans that we have been moving towards for a number of years, the change in the DAC accounting definitely sped up our plan to move it – to eliminate those fixed expenses and move them to more variable expense. So it does – when people wonder why we’re not more impacted by the change of the DAC accounting, the change at Liberty National is a big piece of that, that we have moved the bulk, not only the office expenses but the lead expenses we were picking up. We have eliminated those and moved them to the branch manager.
Mark McAndrew: Well, we really rolled out with that in the second quarter. And even though we saw improvement in our initial response rates in the insert media, which is why we increased our circulation in the third and fourth quarters as a result of the improvements we saw in the second quarter. And I do attribute it. It’s significantly – it’s a rather large change in the packaging in those inserts and that’s what has caused that increase.
Mark McAndrew: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we will talk to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Gary Coleman: And Jimmy, as far as the cash cushion is concerned, I would think we would have a cushion somewhere between $50 million to $100 million. There’s not any specific need that we’re targeting but we feel like we do need to cushion it. It should somewhere be in that range.
Gary Coleman: Well, what I mentioned was is that for the American Income Life policies and our juvenile policies, we’re going to raise the premiums on newly issued policies by 5%.
Gary Coleman: Well, that’s what – I think I mentioned it.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: And maybe we’re talking about the same thing and I misunderstood it.
Gary Coleman: What I was saying, currently portfolio is at 653 and what I was saying is we invest at 4.75. All the cash flow each year for the next five years.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Five years, yeah.
Gary Coleman: That’s 653 declines to depending on different scenarios but a decline to 595 basis points to 610 basis points...Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: At the end of the five-year period.
Gary Coleman: Yeah, at the end of five years. Let’s just say that in between it’s gone from 6.53% to 6%. At the end of the fifth year, the portfolio yield would be 6%.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Gary Coleman: ...that’s around there.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: No, that’s helpful. Thanks for the clarification.
Gary Coleman: Bob, the main reason of tax rate that came down is we got increased tax benefits from our investment and low income housing tax credits. And that brought the rate down to just about 32%, where it had been 33.7%. What we expect to happen is we’ll end the year at 32.7% and that should be about the rate we have in 2012. But it’s all due to getting increased tax expenses that we were expecting of those investments.
Gary Coleman: We’re only getting the addition to the cash flow for the quarter will be $6 million. So that would give us $172 million available. But we’ve already spent $14 million.
Robert Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Yes. Good luck. I’m (inaudible). I’m with you. Tax rate came down a little bit (inaudible). Is the full nine-month rate a good sort of run rate? You had talked before about some tax things that you were doing. So I was wondering if could expand on that.
Robert Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: Such a little bit of help in Mr. Schuman’s answer for Jeff’s question for next year’s tax rate is left fielder positive going into next year.
Robert Glasspiegel – Langen McAlenney: And I apologize, you were fading out on just the cash flow dynamics of the fourth quarter. Just to remind me, your cash is $168 million at the end of the third quarter.
