Jeffrey Immelt: Thanks, Matt. GE had a good quarter in a slow growth and volatile environment just to give you an economic read from the world of GE. We see the US getting a little bit better everyday, Europe is slightly improving, overall, China remains good for GE. Resource rich markets are mixed. We expect to have positive revenue in places like the Middle East, Latin America and Africa.  Meanwhile, Russia and Australia will be tough. We are seeing the world that we plan for. Industrial EPS grew by 14% despite having $0.03 of uncovered restructuring. Operating EPS was $0.31 excluding the impact of the capital announcement. Organically, orders were up 1% and revenue grew 3%. Industrial segment profit grew by 9% or 12% organically with margins up 120 basis points.  Oil and gas had a solid first quarter. Organically, they were positive in orders with revenue flat. Profit was up 11% organically. The oil and gas market remains volatile with some segments under pressure. However, our diversified oil and gas platforms delivered in the first quarter. We are on track for our targets in 2015. We are running the company well. We spent a bit of time last week discussing capital allocation. I would only reiterate that we are on full execution of our GE Capital plan. All of our CFOA targets and capital allocation goals are in line with our framework. We remain on track for industrial EPS of $1.10 to $1.20.  Orders were up 1% organically and we finished the quarter with $263 billion of backlog. Again, oil and gas orders were up 2% organically, as they closed a few big Subsea deals. Orders pricing declined slightly.  Service orders were up 3% organically with broad based strength. Aviation spares grew by 31% and remained robust. We remain on track for strong orders in predictivity in 2015. New installed orders for healthcare, IT grew substantially in the first quarter. We launched asset performance management in the manufacturing space. Orders for transportation, software and solutions are planned to be up 50% for the year and we expect consistent growth for wind power up [and EGPs] [ph] for the year.  We saw some encouraging signs in the quarter. Aviation remains very strong recording $800 million on LEAP orders. The LEAP has won 79% of all neo and max orders. LEAP engines for Neo and C-919 are flying and the LEAP for Boeing is in the test plane and flying soon. The engine is ahead of schedule. The LEAP engine has been one of our most successful product launches in history.  Healthcare equipment orders grew by 5% in the US. Transportation continues to record global wins and they received a $350 million order in Angola. Power conversion grew orders by 10% and we have solid orders performance in China of 54%.  We expected power to have tough comps in the first quarter. In addition, they saw several orders slip into the second quarter. But overall, we see good demand for units in North America, Japan, Saudi, North Africa, Mexico and Brazil and we anticipate a strong power orders recovery in the second quarter. Orders support our organic growth target for the year.  Our businesses executed well in the quarter. Organic revenue growth was up 3%. Geographic growth is balanced. US was up 2% and growth markets were up 6%. We saw strength in China up 6%, Middle East, up 19%, Africa up 11% and Latin America up 13%.  From a business standpoint, we had organic growth in six or seven segments, and we have forecast organic growth of up 2% to 5% and remain on track for that. Margins continue to be a good story with growth of a 120 basis points. We have targeted 50 basis points of gross margin expansion for the year and we hit 90 basis points in the first quarter.  We had favorable mix value gap and productivity in the quarter. Meanwhile, simplification continues to drive good results and we are seeing more benefits ahead. One of the goals for 2015 is to expand margins in both equipment and service. We grew equipment margins by 120 basis points and service by 70 basis points in the quarter. We are making progress on margins as a company. Industrial CFOA was $900 million. It was less than expected. Our shortfall was driven by some aviation supply chain disruptions in power and water orders timing. We will recover this in the second quarter. At the half, we plan on CFOA to be significantly higher than a year ago and we are on track for CFOA goals for the year.  Our balance sheet remains quite strong. In the future, we will continue to look at ways to achieve a more efficient balance sheet. From a capital allocation standpoint Alstom remains on track for the second half close. We always expected that this deal would get a second look in the US and Europe.  Alstom is impacted by similar volatile market dynamics as GE. But we continue to see this as a good strategic international fit for us and we intend on completing a deal that is good for investors.  Now over to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Thanks, Jeff. We remain on track for a 2015 operating framework but we will adjust our guidance milestones to reflect last week’s announcement on capital. Industrial EPS is on track for $1.10 to $1.20 and we are running our businesses to the high-end of that range. We are generating solid organic growth in margin expansion. Corporate costs are being well managed with gains equal to restructuring and oil and gas is performing to our expectations.  We continue to invest in Industrial growth. Between research and development, investment in plant equipment and information technology, and the potential for industrial M&A, we will invest $10 billion to $15 billion each year in our industrial growth. We can do this and so return significant capital to investors. The GE Capital verticals are tracking to $0.15 per share and as Jeff said, we are focused on the verticals and we’ll keep them top of mind. We’ve set a target of $90 billion in asset sales and this is part of our guidance. We already have approximately 50% announced and have robust pipeline to achieve this by year end. Again, we will update this at EPG. Free cash flow remains on track to $12 billion to $15 billion, dispositions and CFOA on track and we expect GE Capital to dividend between $500 million and $7 billion in line with what we talked about last week and we will update this as we go through the year.  We will continue to drive industrial-friendly capital allocation. The dividend remains a top priority. We are still expecting the Synchrony split to return $20 billion to you in the form of a share exchange. And as you saw last week, our Board has authorized a $50 billion buyback based on the proceeds from the GE Capital sale. So between Synchrony, the buyback and dividends, we can return $90 billion to investors over the next few years.  The company is executing well operationally and strategically. Our compensation plans have aligned us with investors and we expect to have a solid second quarter and total year.  Matt, now back to you for some questions. 
Jeffrey Immelt: I think, Scott, in the near term, I think you have to think about us as safe and secure and marching through this process with GE Capital and things like that. Over the long-term, I think our desire is to have an industrial looking balance sheet and how fast that goes, again depends on Jeff’s answer earlier on GE Capital assets and things like that, but our goal is to have over time to have investors look at GE as an industrial company and have a balance sheet that lines up more or less with our peers in that space. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Again Steve, the way to think about that is, we have an AIP plan, a compensation plan and that lines up with how the internal business plans work. So, I think we talked to you guys, Steve at the year end meeting at EPG about the comp plan, we have the team too. So when you look at the AIP plan that frames compensation for the leadership team that’s what I referred to and it’s really the same comment I made in January about how we are running the place. I think with Alstom, Steve, we are counting on $0.01 for the year. So, not really much impact in 2015 and more so in 2016. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Let me add just a little bit to what Jeff said. I think he framed this year well. I think if the quarter, the guys are actually probably a little bit better than what we had anticipated, but you see all the volatility in the market and this is going to – it’s just going to be something we have to continue to evaluate quarter-by-quarter.  But at the same time, I think one of the advantages we have at GE is, we can look at other businesses that have the potential to do better and over the context of the company, we’ve got a framework that we are confident in even if other scenarios in oil and gas take place. So I think that’s one of the strengths of GE you’ve seen the way Aviation got out of the gate and that some businesses get a chance to provide some upside maybe during the year. 
Jeffrey Immelt: So, I think, with renewables, again, what I would say Andrew is, we always think about the US in the context of the PTC. And there is nothing we see today that indicates that the PTC is not going to get rolled over in some capacity.  So that kind of keeps the US at a kind of let’s say steady state and then when you look around the world, you see growth. I mean, I think if you look at Brazil, if you look at places in Europe, if you look at even Africa and Middle East, we see pretty good growth. China, we see pretty good growth in wind globally. So….
Jeffrey Immelt: I think the way to think about Subsea is, on an incoming order standpoint, each project that’s going to get a ton of scrutiny whether it’s the Ghana project that we signed or Bonga in Nigeria or projects in Australia or things like that. But once a project is going that’s unlikely that it will be stopped. In other words, you already have fixed cost and when it gets into the production mode, it’s unlikely that it’s going to slow down. So, we still think Subsea in 2015 and 2016 are going to be okay within that context.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, I would say, let me answer the second piece first, Shannon. I would say, there is nothing really that’s been a big surprise as we go through this. So, we always thought that there would be a second request or that process would take until this summer and so, I would say, so far nothing really is a surprise.  I think on the financials, we still look for a high-teens return and $0.16 accretion in 2016. So we still feel that is achievable and synergies are quite robust and we like that. And the last thing I would say is, look, at he end of the day, just like every deal, we have always reserve as we do these transactions that will only do deals that are investor-friendly and that achieve good returns. And so I think we have established that in this case and I think we are optimistic about how Alstom fits with GE.
Jeffrey Immelt: So, Julian I’ll start with, orders were soft year-over-year largely because we had a very large upgrade in Japan last year that we just didn’t repeat this year. Secondly, the number of new unit installs that the Services business worked on in the quarter were fewer year-over-year.  So that’s most of what we saw in softness in power-gen services. AGPs are flat. We told you we think we do about 100 for the year. We will do 100 for the year. I don’t think we are changing any of the outlook there. So, I don’t think there is a broad team here even geographically around power-gen services.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, so, we see again – I would say, 30% to 40% growth, pretty consistently across the business in software and predictivity, I just had a review with all the businesses last week. And so, there is a variety of different – and there is – I’d say, clearly, the power and power upgrade, things like power-up on the wind turbine side, we’ve got 10 installs, but really another 100 behind that, that’s quite exciting.  As I mentioned the rail business has got in expectations grow about orders about 50% for the year. So we are seeing both from a software and things like movement plan our size are growing. The radiology ITPs is up 13% in terms of new bookings in the quarter. So, some pretty good activity there.  We’ve kind of launched what we call Assets Performance Management APM in oil and gas. So we are seeing an original service funnel in that activity. So, I’d say, macro kind of in the 30% to 40% range with strong double-digits in each business as we look at software and predictivity for the year. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Well, I would take that in two pieces. I’d say the premise for the deal, Jeff, is relevant today as it’s been in the past which is great complementary products, opportunity to drive excellent synergies, good return on investments and we feel at the, kind of four times EBITDA, post-synergies is a pretty attractive entry-point into an investment like that. So high double-digits returns and in a market we really know.  And then, look, I think just like every – I would back up and say, the company has gotten probably 100 deals through the Brussels in the past decade, something like that. So, I think we know how to approach this and know how to get these things done. But just like every other deal we have ever done that just ever would become unattractive, we wouldn’t do it. So that’s so different than any other transaction we’ve ever done as a company. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Rob, I just want to say that, the lifetime achievement award winner Joanna Morris is working in the phones this morning. So don’t blame Jeff Bornstein or me for any of this activity. And I want to echo just what Jeff Bornstein said which is, you got to think about each one of these assets having multiple options for what we do. So, it’s not like for any one of these, there is not like be one game plan. There is going to be multiple for every platform, 
Jeffrey Immelt: And then, I would say, Steve, the production is ramping in 2Q and getting back on schedule and no real update other than what Jeff Bornstein said on the call.
Jeffrey Immelt: I think, Nigel, this is the exact same comment I made in January that just centers where the internal incentive plan and the internal incentive plan sits towards the high end of the range and we were transparent about this at year end and we were transparent about it in January and I am transparent about it April. Again, I think the value of a portfolio is that, you’ve got a series of businesses that are doing well and you’ve got markets that are still volatile out there and we just want to see how that continues to evolve, like I said earlier, like Jeff said, we are pleased with where oil and gas finished in the first quarter, but that market is extremely volatile right now.  And we just want to see how we continue to progress, what happens in the marketplace. And let’s see what happens. There is plenty of chance to make other changes as the year goes through. But let’s see how we do quarter-by-quarter. And beyond that, look, I think we are – we’ve got a good diversified set of businesses that are doing well in the industries we are in and we need to see how the world continues to evolve. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Great Matt. Thanks, thanks everybody. We announced a lot last week on really positioning the company for the future. We are excited about that strategic change, that strategic pivot. The underlying performance of the company both Industrial and GE Capital is per our expectations for the year. We continue to make progress. We are pleased by the execution of the team in the first quarter and we look forward to the rest of the year. Thanks, Matt. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, I would say, Scott, the amount of inbound interest has been incredible in both non-banks and banks, both domestic and international interest. So, I think that we are buoyed by the demand that we see so far. It really depends on the platform and the type of transaction we are talking about and we are organized to be able to do this as quickly as possible.  Our goal is to monetize these assets, these platforms as fast as we can. There will be some gating challenges on getting ourselves into position to – as you describe to get all the books together, et cetera, et cetera. But we are going to go out to this as fast as humanly possible and I think the positive point here is the level of interest is really quite incredible. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: As I talked about in the Industrial segment margin, we had about $120 million FX drag and hedges were a very small offsets to the total impact. We actually had negative impacts all in. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Listen, I think that the scenarios that we shared with you at year end, we updated again in the first quarter call. I am sorry – in the first quarter on the fourth quarter call. We evaluated a number of different scenarios around oil and gas. As we communicated to you, all of those scenarios we felt were within the range of $1.10 or $1.20.  We’ve got the team, Lorenzo and the team are executing like crazy on a substantial cost plan. They are at right on track, actually slightly ahead of schedule. They are going to take out close to $600 million of cost of this year, both base cost and product and service cost.  So, when we take a look at where we ended here in the first quarter with oil and gas and how we think about the balance in the next three quarters and very importantly, with all the restructuring that we are doing, the benefits of that largely in the second half of the year, we feel like today, based on everything we know, that those scenarios and that guidance that we gave you remains in tact. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, so, when you look at order pricing, Steve, that 1.4% is almost entirely associated with the Ghana Subsea order we took. So it’s not broadly across the portfolio. We have not re-negotiated any prices from existing backlog. So that’s where we are today. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: I think we are thinking we’ll do another 3000 turbines is our current estimate in 2016 as well. There is a shift. There is going to be more international than domestic as we move forward, no question about that. But roughly the same kind of volumes.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, I think at the moment, here we’ve given you guidance for the year. We expect organic growth will be 2% to 5% for the year, we were 3% here in the first quarter. I think that’s generally the trend we expect to be on throughout the year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Again, we see those segments getting better in the second quarter, but again, we don’t want to – we just don’t want to do organic revenue each quarter-by-quarter, Andrew.
Jeffrey Bornstein: So, we expect the initiatives that teams are going and that Dan and I are working with the businesses on will gain momentum as we move throughout the year. As you saw on Jeff’s page, when you walk through the margins, we had 60 basis points of mix.  I think what we talked about at year end when we talked about the year was, mix that probably wanted to be hopefully would be something more neutral. So, I would expect us to do to gain momentum on the cost line and product service cost line and we’ll see what mix plays out. But I would assume for the year that mix will be roughly neutral. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: I think every singe one of these business have enormous opportunity. I mean, when you look at the first quarter results, I mean, particularly around equipment margins, just about every business had improvement with the exception of power and water and oil and gas. So I think that it’s not unique to any one business every one of these businesses has an enormous opportunity to get products and service cost at another level.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, you heard the revenue, the volume numbers are pretty good. Revenue passenger miles, very, very strong. There is no question that most of the forecast are that the Aviation industry globally, or probably have a most profitable year in history this year. I think IATA was estimating almost $25 billion of profit. And the airlines are no question stocking inventory.  You’ll recall that, 2012, there was a really large destocking that went on and since that de-stocking in 2012, spares have improved each of the last couple of years. So, maybe that the airlines based on the profitability to operations are more aggressively replenishing some of that de-stocking that happened a few years ago. But very strong.  Now, we don’t expect that rate of 31% to persist for the year. I think, we talked about double-digits and we are probably talking about mid double-digits, mid-teens, maybe. But it’s not going to be 31% for the year. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, I think the plan that Keith laid out with all of you last week, we laid out a plan that span a couple of – 2.5 years ago, roughly. But that we thought that the bulk of this work would be done by the end of 2016. Now, we are going to try to outperform that. There is no question I think that, when we think about the risk associated with this including price and value, speed is the single biggest mitigate. We have a market today that’s incredibly receptive to these kinds of assets. And so, we need to be able to capitalize on that. There is - no question, we’ve got a balance from an execution standpoint, the nature of the buyer and the size of the transaction to the extent that we are relying on, maybe a back-end regulatory approval by the buyer, we are doing smaller transactions that maybe, maybe not, maybe better from a price perspective than doing several large big bulk deals.  But, I think, my guess is that Keith and the team will run almost a parallel process. They will evaluate on both tracks, platform-by-platform, portfolio-by-portfolio, the level of interest there versus a couple several maybe much larger deals. They try to sweep up many of those platforms simultaneously. So, we are completely aware of exactly what you are asking and we have a process and we’ll make sure that we evaluate on those sides, but speed is the key. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: We didn’t anything on our guidance on oil and gas Steve, So, I think what we said is, down 0% to 5%, probably closer to 5%. We evaluated this scenario is to be on 5%. All those are concerted in the guidance we gave you at $1.10 and $1.20. We got the team executing to a plan that supports the $1.10 to $1.20.  As Jeff talked about Keith incented the team and our targets internally on the higher end of that range, not the lower end of that range. So no change or anything we’ve shared in the two calls previous to this. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: So, where Keith and team are focused on first and foremost, those platforms where we might be more concerned about the franchise value itself, where the people are big component of the value creation process. So, he has prioritized the focus, based on that first.  You are correct, I would say, the second order priority would be, we think in the US, our ability to execute quickly and in scale, is very favorable today and it is a big part of the discussion around the SIFI status. So, having said that, it’s not that we are not going to do anything outside the US, we are going to be working the international platform in parallel here as well. 
