Jeffrey Immelt: Thanks Jeff. Now let me punch through our operating metrics for 2016. We are nearing the EPS range to $1.48 to $1.52. In this number we're offsetting $0.46 of FX headwind. We expect organic growth to be positive but near the low end of the range. In our corporate cost control and margin execution remain very strong. Free cash flow plus dispositions will be above plan mainly due to GE Capital dividends. Although the cash metrics remain on track and we're increasing the buyback from $18 billion to $22 billion and this makes the total cash return to investors $30 billion for the year ahead of plan. So in a time of volatility the GE model is performing. Finally let me reflect on the company's earnings going forward. When we launched the capital repositioning in April of 2015 we established the goal of $2 EPS by 2018. Since then our outlook for Oil & Gas has worsened and foreign exchange serves most global companies and GE is no exception. At the same time the rest of GE is performing well and we see that continuing in the future. And we should be even better than our original plan for buyback and Alstom continues to perform at or above plan. Going forward we plan to drive out more cost and supply chain program spend around product launches and corporate. And we will continue to grow our funding on digital transformation. Incremental leverage exists with the idea of pushing beyond our goals. We'll give you our 2017 outlook in December but all of our metrics for compensation purposes will continue to be linked to $2 of EPS in 2018 are aligned with investors. Matt, back over to you for questions.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, Scott really I didn’t mean to change at all the way we thought about leverage in the past. I think what I try to differentiate is the built-in toolboxes always assume that without leverage that we - the extent to which we do incremental buyback or M&A it should push about that point, so that was really the only context for the point on leverage.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, in other words we are trying to do the build, our intention is to not change the bridge the way we've articulated over the last couple of years.
Jeffrey Immelt: Why don’t I start and then Jeff you. So what I would say Jeff if you just context in 2016, I'd say headwind in Oil & Gas, headwind in foreign exchange in 2016. We think some of the foreign exchange actually comes back our way in ‘17 and ’18. We think Oil & Gas is going to continue as you look forward to be a drag. Our team is doing a really good job. We’re executing well. We’re taking cost out. But we’re not really forecasting a hockey-stick in Oil & Gas. The rest of the industrial portfolio really which grew 8% ex FX, I think it's well positioned to continue to drive good solid growth over the next few years. Alstom is on plan. We think the Alstom return still looks solid and the Alstom earnings outlook for ’17 and ’18 still looks solid. We're going to continue to execute on the buyback right. So those were the main - those are the main components. And then what I would add to that Jeff, is just a context of driving corporate cost lower, continuing to work hard on incremental opportunities on supply chain that we see and accelerating progress in gross margins. So I think the way you got to think about it is incremental intensity around cost that we see in our line of sight, sustained good growth in our industrial portfolio. Some of the FX headwind we've seen should come back to us over the next few years just by the way the contracts are written. Buyback at or ahead of plan and that realizes the context for an Oil & Gas business that we’re executing well but you know we’re trying to be a prudent about how we think about it over the next couple of years.
Jeffrey Immelt: And I think the last point guys, I just would make a point that, the guidance range of 1.48 to 1.52 this year that's with us eating $0.04 to $0.06 a share of FX in that number right. So I think underlying execution in the context of where we are is still pretty strong this year.
Jeffrey Immelt: So Andrew I’d say a couple of things. Firstly on AGPs, I think we feel reasonably confident about the guide that we've given you on 135 to 150 for the year. So I don't think that at the moment is a point of concern for us. We did talk about mid-to-high single-digit service orders in the second half of the year. We still see that in the fourth quarter. We see mid-to-high single-digit service orders organically. What's really changed versus what we said at the end of second quarter it has been around equipment and most of the change in equipment has been about Oil & Gas where we’re about 3 billion lower in Oil & Gas orders and that's really about three projects, it’s really three distinct projects that have been delayed or suspended has changed our outlook. And so equipment is going to be softer than what we said at the end of second quarter. I don't think there is any change to how we see service orders here.
Jeffrey Immelt: I would - I think Jeff said it exactly right. And then you know what I would say Steve is look, the – our overall context for Oil & Gas hasn't changed. We still think it's a really good GE business, leverages the GE store and I have every confidence we’re going to come out of the cycle, a better than we win in. But I think, I would echo what Jeff said, I think we continue to see good opportunities in corporate. We also continue to see good opportunities around our footprint and supply chain. You know, we've had a chance now to look across the Alstom and GE kind of factory base and things like that and we see some incremental opportunities that we think are going allow us both up from sourcing standpoint and a supply-chain standpoint, and will be able to do that and still do the investments we need to make in digital as we go forward. So, I think that's the right context.
Jeffrey Immelt: Well, progress was a bit of a challenge in the third quarter for exploration. We definitely delivered better working capital performance in the third quarter, progress as a little bit a drag, that reflects equipment orders and that's largely where we thought Oil & Gas might be in third and fourth quarter where we are seeing now. Now. so have - two or three – as I mentioned earlier, two or three big orders Porsche, meaningfully - meaningful size, orders that would have brought a lot of cash with it. We’re down year-to-date. The fourth quarter will be better than the run rates through the first three quarters and we expect progress actually contribute in the fourth quarter to our CFOA performance that we talked about earlier.
Jeffrey Immelt: I wouldn't change it yet. Andrew, we will talk more about this at Minds and Machines in a little while, but clearly on the partners side with Predix, I think we’re ahead of where we had envisioned, but we will update those numbers in the middle of November, when we when we go to mine machine.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, no, seriously the - you know for instance, we partner with people. They immediately add developers and they have revenue goals, so we expect - we expect this to be a good boost to how we think about revenue over Predix over the both short and long-term.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, I am sorry, the outlook meeting in December, we’ll go back to the bridge. We’ll go back through all three pieces that we've shared with you before. I don't think we see at the moment any real change from the Alstom. We may be a bit better on buyback accretion which is partially answered your second question. And we'll walk you through the dynamics in the organic portfolio growth over that period of time. So more detail to come on that. On buyback, I think we’re absolutely ahead of plan. I think the $4 billion incremental buyback year - in the year I think is important. As you know, we are constantly going back and evaluating our capital allocation plans, most of which we've shared with you on what makes sense, and to the extent it make sense to be more aggressive with buyback we will do that. On the leverage question, we’re mostly focused around M&A, so I wouldn't read through on that and leverage equals buyback. I think that we had in our capital allocation plan we had capital available for M&A, buybacks and other reasons and right now we’re being a little bit more aggressive in buyback.
Jeffrey Immelt: So I would just say Deane, I think Avio was the right way to think about LM. We see good opportunities in the supply chain. We think the next few years visibly we have on wind is pretty solid in terms of PTC and our global demand. We think between us and LM, we've got good technology that can really innovate in the industry and what we saw on Avio we are able to keep the non-GE base in Avio and we think we can do the same thing with LM.  Lastly your question it really bolsters us in China and India and lot of the emerging markets where we see growth potential for us in the future. So we look at as a reasonably low risk investment where a lot of the leverage on our control and we have I think a disproportionate upside if we execute well.
Jeffrey Immelt: Great, Matt. Thanks. Just a couple points to wrap up, I think we plan to have a solid Q4 and wrap up really solid 2016. Looking forward I think we are being realistic about the environment in the resource sector, Oil & Gas, but don't be mistaken we still I think this is a core GE business in one where our teams managing it extremely well through the cycle. The rest of GE is executing very well. Alstom remains on track in 2017 and 2018. The buybacks ahead of plan. We got a really good line of site to incrementally take more cost out of the company and be even more efficient. And all of our compensation plans whether it's long-term incentive plan or the AIP which is IC plan all tied to the bridge that we showed you in 2015 and where we march and 2016, 2017, 2018. So we are aligned with investors Matt and we're - I think we're quite confident in the performance of the company.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, here is what I say Scott is it's really three businesses and it starts with the Grid business which is combination of our Legacy Grid business and Alstom business. That business I think is or I think we think is performing actually quite well in around $64 million in the quarter, it's delivering on all the Alstom synergies that we talked about delivering. And then you have Power Conversion business which has a higher concentration in Oil & Gas historically than the balance of Energy Connections. That part of that of the Power Conversion businesses has been enormously challenged. We've replaced lot of that volume with renewables volume. The renewables volume was not as profitable as what we’re doing in Oil & Gas and so Power Conversion has been a challenge. We've been breakeven to lose a little bit of money here through the first three quarters. And then that leaves you with our legacy Industrial Solutions business which had a reasonably - a good orders quarter I mentioned earlier, up 6% on orders in the North American market that feels like it was down 4% but on execution and revenue in the quarter was less than what we expected it to deliver. That business ought to earn between $100 million and $140 million a year. The Power Conversion business until oil turns around I think it’s going to be a little bit of a challenge and we have a good outlook for our Grid business. So when we think about 2017 we expect the Energy Connections business to be a meaningful contributor to earnings growth where we move from this year to next.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, let me address revenue. So when you think about the year we had 1% organic revenue in the third quarter. When you exclude Oil & Gas if you get back to the rest of the portfolio, in the third quarter our organic revenue grew 6%, on a third quarter year-to-date basis it grew 4% and we expect it to be really solid excellent gas, really solid organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter. So the 2 to 4, moving from 2% to 4% to 0% to 2% is mostly about where we think the revenue number is going to end up with Oil & Gas. Having said all of that, we've not changed our outlook on Oil & Gas our profit of the year ex-foreign exchange we still think plus or minus that's about 30% down.
Jeffrey Bornstein: I would just add. When you think about that framework or initially put it together clearly Oil & Gas cycle is the single biggest challenge against that framework and we’re going to be much more aggressive around cost as a result of it. The rest of the portfolio I think is what as Jeff described it and we’re going to try to be a little bit better on buyback.
Jeffrey Bornstein: So, Steve, your math is exactly right. So we said, and I think I said 700 million to 800 million of incremental cost of this year on Oil & Gas to three quarters they delivered about 530 million of that. They will deliver all the actions to get to 800. We might not realize all 800, because some of those savings were volume related. In other words, if the volumes were not there you don’t actually get to hit the cost savings, although when the volume comes back in a lapse will be there. I think Lorenzo and the team would say, there are additional incremental cost actions we are going to continue to work into 2017. I think you're right. I think the depth of which you can continue to cut cost is somewhat limited, but there is still incremental additional actions that the team contain. I think our comment on more cost actions is generally is more of a statement across the entirety of the company given what's happened in Oil & Gas, around program cost, structure, corporate. There are more opportunities that we’re going to run to, to try to compensate for the fact that Oil & Gas is we expect going to earn less than what we originally thought when we gave it $2 framework 18 months ago.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, I would just add. Listen, we had a goal here to sign 50 partners for over 200. That's really positive momentum both from a technology perspective and ultimately longer-term in terms of actually generating orders in revenue. We are way ahead on where we thought would be on people developing on Predix. Jeff said, all these metrics to be updated Minds + Machines, but I think there is reasonably good momentum here.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, so on the capital allocation question, we are not changing any way in terms of how we are thinking about to trade between M&A and buyback, and certainly with the stock is $28 to$29 the buyback looks quite attractive to us. We’re not short ideas on M&A I don't think. We're constantly evaluating M&A opportunities I think just what we announced recently here between SLM and Arcam which is an investment that’s going to huge payback longer-term and most recently the LM acquisition. We are continuing to evaluate M&A opportunities. So I wouldn't read too is we are short ideas on M&A, which is I think would like to be more aggressive around the stock given the outperformance by GE Capital in terms of what they are returning to us and operationally you know, what we’re able to do through our capital allocation model that was unrelated to M&A and leverage.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Okay. So first on a buyback let me be absolute. The $4 billion buyback is an increase of the model we gave you that went through 2018. That we are buying 4 billion more stock than we said we would when we gave you the plan through 2018. On SG&A so in the third quarter structural SG&A was up 1%, that was 12.6% of sales, third quarter year-to-date were actually down 4%, about 30% of sales. It was a bit of a drag in the quarter probably because SG&A was up 1% and volume was essentially down slightly on the calculation basis. So it ended up being about 10 basis point drag in the quarter. Other inflation that sits in the other line is associated with inflation on based cost, and most of that is EOP. There is other indirect expenses that also incur inflation and that's what you see on outline. Other inflation ex-FX, if you take out the impact of FX of some of those marks go through the other line in that walk with a negative 60 basis points as opposed to what we showed you in the morning.
