Lawrence Culp: Rahul, thanks. As we take flight as GE Aerospace, we have sustained competitive advantages with a tremendous value proposition. With the industry's largest and growing fleets, our platforms are preferred by customers, across the narrowbody, widebody and defense sectors. We are aiming to provide industry-leading reliability and durability, prioritizing SQDC in that order. This means delivering unmatched time on wing and faster turnaround times for our customers. With our deep domain expertise and engineering talent, commitment to innovation and capacity to invest, we are poised to deliver breakthrough technologies in both commercial and defense. And with FLIGHT DECK as our foundation, we will deliver for customers and create exceptional value for shareholders. All in, we expect to grow operating profit to approximately $10 million in 2028 and generate free cash flow in excess of net income, creating compounding returns. We are making meaningful progress to advance our strategic priorities and service of our customers, employees and shareholders while keeping an eye towards the future and paving the way with innovation for a more sustainable flight. Now Blaire, let's go to questions.
Lawrence Culp: Well, Rob, I think that you really put your finger on one of the important underlying dynamics here, not only in the quarter, but as we think about the second half and even the next few years, the CFM56 is clearly still the workhorse of the industry, right? I mean if we look at utilization in a time when people thought we might begin to see a little bit of a fade, utilization year-over-year is consistent with the CFM56, delighted to see the LEAP up 4 points from a share perspective. So overall GE narrowbody powered propulsion is probably north of 70%. So I think the CFM is going to have a longer life in many fleets. And clearly, that's going to help us in the aftermarket, both from a volume and from a scope perspective.
Lawrence Culp: Myles, we can hear you loud and clear. We're not too far away, I suspect. I think if you go back to April, what we said was three quarters of the challenge with respect to deliveries was really rooted in these 15 supplier sites again with nine different companies. And rather than finger point, our mindset was we're going to problem solve. And we've gone in deeply again with FLIGHT DECK to really try to understand these constraints at the core. And the slide that you see in the deck, I think, is evidence that, that approach, that collaborative problem-solving rather than finger-pointing is really yielding results. We didn't expect that we would see a blanket impact immediately, but to be able to point to two-thirds of those sites showing strong, nearly doubling of their sequential outputs, inputs to us, I think really tells us something, right, that this approach is going to have impact. Unfortunately, we didn't have all of the impact that we would have liked across those 15 and we need everybody's ore in the water, if you will. We need everybody contributing, particularly with respect to new engine deliveries. But I think given what we have seen here in July, the way that we're working across different commodity classes shows that this approach is a better way to get more, not only here in the third quarter or the second half, but as we think about what is a multiyear ramp, right, the airframers that we talk to here at Farnborough certainly in the airlines as well. No one loves the fact that a new narrowbody order may not be delivered until 2029 or 2030. So it's all about the ramp. We've got years in front of us, thankfully, what a wonderful business challenge to have. But I really like the way our suppliers have met us here, embrace the tools. And we just need more time working in this fashion in order to have the full effect that we, our airframer and our airline customers all desire.
Lawrence Culp: David, I don't want to repeat what I said earlier. I do think one of the things to keep in mind is that there is a timing dynamic relative to when we receive various inputs and win in turn, we convert that into an engine that we can deliver be it to Airbus or to Boeing, right? So April was challenging in a number of ways. We didn't have the recovery in May that I think we had hoped. We might see underlying the quarter, though, sequentially was the net improvement that I mentioned, and that has only continued to build here in July. We haven't seen that somewhat typically slow start to a quarter that I was concerned about. So there's really nothing more I can say about why the new unit deliveries LEAP included were disappointing. It is what it is, where we're focused, as we think about the rest of the year, is how do we deliver more and how do we deliver more reliably. You'll note that we are adjusting our outlook for LEAP deliveries this year. On a full-year basis, we now think we will be somewhere between flat and up 5%, obviously lower than where we thought, but still showing modest growth. And more importantly, I think, given what we're doing with FLIGHT DECK in the supply base, the expectations we have, not only for more inputs, but in turn more outputs positions us to be at a healthier, more stable, higher exit rate come the end of the year. That's where we're focused. That's what we're sharing with our customers work to do, work I think this team knows how to do.
Lawrence Culp: Well, maybe we'll just take those in reverse order, and I'll start. I think that we really aren't trying to slowdown in a meaningful way. We're really trying. The way I think about it is we're trying to make sure that we're calibrated with respect to what we need from everybody because as you point out, different folks are in different places, as we think about the back half, as we think about 2025, as we think about 2026. I think part of why this has been so challenging and maybe even head scratchingly so for some, is that the industry was dialed down to almost zero in the pandemic. And what we don't want to do and the reason we do carry probably more inventory today, well, at year-end than we would like is we don't want to turn down the folks that are performing well unduly as we calibrate the ramp rates with those that will, in all likelihood, paces. So we've taken a view that in some instances, the inventory is in effect an investment with the supply base for ourselves to make sure that we've got a more predictable ramp. Remember, a lot of lean is rooted in flow, and flow really is around availability to the extent that we've got some folks that are performing. We don't want to, if you will, penalize them as we think about all that we're going to need from them, not only over the next six months, but frankly, over the coming years.
Lawrence Culp: Got it. I think you've heard me pretty clearly. I appreciate that. I think the common denominator is, frankly, we all need to do better, and we need to be more collaborative and fully in problem solving mode. That's the headset that we have at GE Aerospace. I'm convinced while that takes different forms of different suppliers, that is where everyone of those nine suppliers across those 15 sites are. Some made more progress than others, but it's a long race, right? This was not a 90-day sprint, this is a marathon. And regardless of where folks are from a commodity category perspective, from a geography perspective, publicly held, privately held, it just doesn't matter, right? We've got to get the teams in. We've got to go deep. We've got to get into the granular operational detail to solve those problems, unlock those constraints and increased capacity raise yields much as I think we have been doing, picked up the pace a bit here, I think, in the second quarter and just need to do a lot more of that broadly in the second half.
Lawrence Culp: Well, I think we'll leave to our customers' commentary on everything they're managing. We're focused on what we can manage, right? And I think that the updated guide here, the color around LEAP specifically, is certainly that of high confidence. It wouldn't come out of our mouths. It wouldn't be in our prepared remarks otherwise. But again work to do. Work we’re I think we're encouraged by with respect to the second quarter impact, the start to July as well. But we've got a lot of work in front of us. We've got many days to do that work. That's where this team is focused completely. I can assure you.
Lawrence Culp: Gavin, as you would imagine, we follow all of that pretty closely, both, well, in the U.S., here in Europe globally. We really have not seen any effect on our business. And to Rahul's comments a moment ago, will remain watchful, but don't anticipate that. Again, I think to the earlier question, with services orders up 36% in CES in the second quarter, that's the way our customers are speaking to us. I look at where we are here in the third quarter just in terms of how much of the spares activity we have in backlog, I think it's in the 90% range at this point. So well positioned very early here in the quarter. And again, I would just also point to the utilization that we see on the CFM56, still strong. No real change this year. And the uptake, the upshot of the LEAP taking four points of market share. So GE-powered narrowbody activity remains strong. You just take the comments that were out here in Europe yesterday, it seemed to be more pricing oriented than anything else. So we'll keep a weather eye out. But right now, our challenge, our struggles to keep up with this exceptionally strong demand, both in the aftermarket and again with new make.
Lawrence Culp: Jason, I would say that customer interest seems to only build with the passage of time. This is now the third air show in a row that I've attended with the RISE engine, the Open Fan engine front and center here. Obviously, when we talk about RISE, we're really talking about an umbrella of different technology programs, not only the Open Fan, but also our compact core work or hybrid electric activity and everything we're doing on SaaS. But with respect to Open Fan, I think what we've been sharing with people is that we had a very good first ingestion test with the Open Fan blade in the quarter, we are starting our second endurance campaign or test with the high-pressure turbine airfoils. And there's been a lot of work with respect to the hybrid electric elements of that architecture work that, as you may know, we do with NASA. I mentioned, I think, earlier the wind tunnel testing that we've done here in Europe in conjunction with Airbus. So there, I think, over 200 – I think maybe it's 250 component level tests, module level tests that we have behind us this is still a technology development effort. Make no mistake about it, we've got a long way to go. But what's interesting, particularly here in Europe, in virtually every airline CEO that I talk to starts the conversation with sustainability. And I'm very keen to get our views on SAF compatibility, but also ahead of SAF capacity being available at scale what are we going to do to enable the next generation of narrowbodies. And we go hard and fast to rise, talk about the progress that we're making with Open Fan. And I think that is story that continues to build enthusiasm and support because we know that the ultimate target that 20% step-up in propulsive efficiency and emissions reduction really is the future of flight.
Lawrence Culp: Blaire, thank you. I think just to close, the GE Aerospace team is going to stay grounded in our responsibility that we share to live the purpose, to invent the future of flight to lift people up and bring them home safely. So we really appreciate your time today and, of course, your interest in GE Aerospace.
Rahul Ghai: Rob, just to maybe add a little bit to what Larry said. Just given the dynamics that he mentioned and you mentioned earlier, we are expecting that the peak shop visit that we had previously projected in 2025. And then we start to see the sequential downtick in 2026, 2027 is what we said at Investor Day. Now as we sit here today, we do expect that shop visit is probably plateau at that 25 level for maybe another couple of years and then start declining. So definitely, we are seeing that the program – the platform is getting used and the shop visits will be higher for an extended period of time, and we will see third shop visits. And that we're seeing that even with some of the lessors coming out and commenting that the leases are getting extended beyond 14, 15 years, for another four, five years. So we will definitely see what you just said.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. No, Sheila, it was a good quarter for CES overall. OE volume was weak, as you pointed out. But the service revenue recovered really nicely, and the overall services growth was kind of in line with what we had projected for full-year. So it kind of came in exactly what we were thinking. And the drop-through from services was very strong. The shop visits skewed towards time and material work. And then the work scopes were heavier as well. And that helped both revenue and the profit on those shop visits. This along with pricing and customer mix helped the services profit growth. And in equipment, the engine shipments were lower, but within equipment, we also reduced our spare engine deliveries and higher investments. And that kind of offset the impact of the lower engine shipments. So overall, OE profit was more flattish than anything else. Now as we look at the trends in first half that gave us the confidence here to raise profit expectations for the full-year by, call it, $150 million to $200 million at the midpoint of the guide. Now what's driving that are two things. One, the services growth that we just mentioned, all the things that we are seeing. We projected that favorability to now flow through into the second half as well, both with work scopes and some of the customer mix being favorable. And then we lowered our OE revenue output but, call it, $600 million, $650 million at the midpoint of the guide, and that is helping profit. So that is where you see our CES profit up for the year, $150 million to $200 million. And the margins are for CES will be kind of at this level will be flattish for the year, and that is despite this being the first year of 9x shipments. So really, really happy with the way the CES business is coming along. (Audit End)
Rahul Ghai: And Gautam, you'll see that in our Q. I think you're spot on. We've seen significant inventory growth here in the first half of the year, close to $1.2 billion of inventory growth, which is, call it, $0.5 billion higher than what we grew in the first half of last year. So significant headwind here. Now with the improvement in output that we are projecting here for the second half of the year, we do think that while inventory will grow in the second half of the year, obviously, the pace of growth will slow down significantly here. And then it won't be as much of a headwind as it was last year in the second half of the year. So it has been a challenge. But again, as Larry said, that is something we've been trying to manage and manage it as appropriately as we can. But the good news is, despite the $1 billion pool of inventory growth in the first half of the year, we still had 120% conversion. So strong cash growth. Cash was up about $1 billion year-over-year in the first half. So we kind of absorbed it, we managed it and try to do better in the second half.
Rahul Ghai: No, no, you're right. I mean, we had a good second quarter on orders. We had a good first half. I mean services orders were kind of, as you said, mid-30s for the second quarter, up 30% or so for the first half. Strong book-to-bill here in the first half of the year on top of a good book-to-bill we saw in 2023. So the momentum is definitely there on the services side. And as you look at the back half of the year, we are expecting the services growth to be a little bit higher in the second half than in the first half, right, both the shop visits and on spare parts on a year-over-year basis. So we delivered 9% internal shop visit growth in the first half of the year. And if you look at our low to mid-teens guidance on shop visits, that would imply that shop visits will be closer to high teens in the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis. So that's what we are projecting. But overall, it's mid-teens services growth, and that is consistent with what we think the future years will look like. I think that we had – when we look at our 2025 outlook, we were projecting continuous strong services growth. So it's good to see the strong orders growth, good to see, as Larry said earlier, LEAP gaining share on the overall air traffic departure side as well.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. Hello, Matt. Timing has not shifted. So we expected LEAP to be profitable here in 2024 and the program to be breakeven in 2025. And LEAP services, in fact, shaping a little bit better than what we originally thought as we started the year, and we mentioned that in our prepared remarks. So that's how the overall program is shaping up we're making the progress on durability that we were expecting. It will be LEAP’s tracking better than CFM56 at this stage of the life cycle we are expecting LEAP performance to be in line with CFM56 performance on the A320s by the end of the year. So that is obviously a huge milestone given all the improvements we've been driving, the HPT LEAP was the last thing that was – and we expect that to happen here in the fourth quarter. We've completed more than 3,500 tests from that, 3,500 hours of testing on that. So that's going really well. So all in, I think LEAP is progressing exactly the way we would have liked services like a little bit better program should break even next year.
