Jeff Immelt: On the overview page; we think this was a good quarter. Our environment continues to improve; we saw some encouraging signs in places like revenue pasture miles and losses declining in GE Capital. The business model is performing, we’ve got better margins and strong cash flow, and really most metrics GE Capital improved in the quarter, Keith will go through that, losses, delinquencies, and not earning assets all declined. We think the 2010 framework remains achievable really with upside potential based on how we’re doing at GE Capital. We see earnings growth for the balance of 2010 and we might do more restructuring and financial asset sales to position for the future. We continue to invest in research and development and restructuring and we really think this quarter is a pretty good testament to our ability to grow earnings and dividends in 2011 and beyond. We feel really good about how we finished the quarter and where we’re positioned. We’ve review the next page on several times vis-à-vis GE Capital and some of the critical metrics around safe and secure. Our long term debt funding is in great shape, we’ve funded about $8 billion year to date, the funding costs are low and we feel very good about how we’re positioned here. Our commercial paper is on track. Leverage, particularly, Keith will go through the impact of FAS 167, is declining, our capital structure is very strong.  The lower right really just updates our goals on ending that investment; it factors in the impact of FASB 167, the impact of the GE Capital Corporate, some of the FX plusses and minuses that change over time. If you put in those factors we stand at $516 billion today. We reduced $22 billion in the last quarter and we’re on track, I think for a number that we used to talk about as being $440 billion as we go through these changes. We’re on track; we’re actually ahead of plan there. It boils down to about $20 or $25 billion reduction per year and we feel like that is in great shape and we’re making good progress towards those goals. We $17.1 billion in order, the backlog is stable. Equipment is heading towards easier comps. Service really would have been flat except for a couple of one time orders in transportation last year. We’ve got a strong pipeline of commitments. A lot of our new orders are coming from outside the United States, a strong pipeline of commitments. There’s a $1.2 billion Iraq order that has moved through their process, it’s a solid commitment that will turn into an order in the second quarter. That gives you a sense of some of the backlog that we’ve got on orders going forward. Like I said, a lot of the orders are coming from outside the United States right now. The Tech Infra macro environment is improving and we feel really good about the backlog, the visibility and our position as we go through the remainder and balance of the year. Margins were healthy in the quarter; we had expanding margins ex the Olympics. This gives you a sense of the dynamics; energy, healthcare, home and business solutions had good expansion. Our service margins across the company expanded by 250 basis points, and NBC because of the Olympics was a drag on margins overall. A lot of that’s driven by a positive value gap. We’re holding price in backlog, we’re seeing positive new order pricing on the index and still getting deflation and we think this positive value gap will continue into the future. Restructuring benefits continued to payoff. We saw about $500 million based on a lot of work we’ve been doing in the last few years and that will continue into the future. We’re investing more in research and development. We grew R&D spend by 16% in the quarter. We’re launching Offshore Wind, new healthcare products, energy efficient product in Transportation and appliances and again a great pipeline of products as we go forward in the future. Cash flow remains on track, we’re on track for $14 to $15 billion for the year. Our cash flow from operating activities expanded greater than our net income plus depreciation and we think as we work through the year working capital improvements will offset declines in progress, that’s what we did last year and we think we’ll do that again this year. We’ve got $70 billion cash on the balance sheet, more than $10 billion of cash on the parent and as I said we’re on track for $13 to $15 billion of full year cash flow from operating activities. With that I’ll turn it over to Keith to go through how we did in the first quarter from a performance standpoint.
Jeff Immelt: We’ve been using a framework to describe how we look at the company and how we view it going forward and I just wanted to give an update of the framework. We talked about Industrial earnings for the year being about flat, we think we’re on track there. Good new products and service growth and lower costs, global expansion, there is still some excess capacity in certain sectors but we feel pretty good about where we’re positioned as the recovery continues. Media, we have as negative, we think our worst quarter is behind us with the Olympics. Cable continues to be strong, the ad markets, as Keith said, have real strength. Film remains challenged but we should see growth in NBCU for the balance of the year. We had had GE Capital as flat in the framework; clearly this is going to grow for the year. We’re well positioned for upside as Keith said, commercial real estate is challenged but valuation declines are moderating and we think this will be now a positive for the year.  Corporate we had as flat, I think everything in Corporate is as we expected, we may use this as an opportunity to position to do some more restructuring. Cash, between $13 and $15 billion we think we’re on track for that with working capital improvements offsetting lower progress payments.  We would view the 2010 framework as achievable with upside potential. The earnings growth for the remainder of 2010 will be there so the company will show earnings growth over that time period and we may do more restructuring and financial asset sales as we look forward to the future. We feel good about the quarter and we feel good about the way the team performed in the quarter. We think the quarter says a lot a good things about the company going forward. The last page, from an investor standpoint, in terms of how we manage the GE team, we’ve talked about two keys, one is attractive financial profile as we come through the downturn of earnings going from ’09 to ’10 and then as we get the GE Capital snap back and recovery good growth in ’11 and ’12. Just the massive amount of financial flexibility we have from a cash standpoint with $10 billion plus on the balance sheet now, we should have about $25 billion by the end of 2010 if we complete the Comcast transaction and then more cash available as time goes on. These are the ways that I manage the GE team, this is very important from an investor standpoint. What do we know about these things from the first quarter? Let me just recap: The GE Capital losses seem to have peaked and Commercial Real Estate losses are manageable. I think that’s an important investor key in terms of how you think about looking at the company going forward.  I think that leads to the second point, earnings growth for GE should be positive for the balance of ’10. The GE Capital rebound has begun and the macro industrial indicators are improving. I just think we’ve turned the corner here, we’re well positioned and I think GE Capital’s improvement gives us some spring in our step and we feel good about that. The combination of strong operations and dispositions are generating substantial cash at GE. Again, this is not something that is just happening. This is just happening as we speak and this will continue to accumulate through the year. We have choices; I think we’ve already said that we want to grow the dividend in line with earnings in 2011. The potential remains for a redemption of preferred stock. We’ve got opportunities for a buyback as time goes on. We always review strategic acquisitions and we will always keep GE Capital safe and secure. We just have tremendous cash optionality for the rest of the year. I leave you this quarter just with this vision of the company, of an attractive financial profile with lots of financial flexibility and I think the first quarter just demonstrates that we’re well on the way to this kind of performance in the future.  With that, Trevor, I’ll turn it over to you.
Jeff Immelt: Iraq is a substantial order, healthcare looks pretty good. We think the Aviation cycle, similar to what you hear from other people, improves as we go through the year. Energy, we always track commitments into orders. I think the aero derivatives and [Yenbacker] continue to leading indicators of customer interest from an energy standpoint. Transportation there was probably 5,000 locomotives parked at the end of last year, there’s more like 4,000 parked now. We’ve got lots of global demand there. You basically haven’t seen any impact of stimulus in the company. A lot of the smart grid orders were pushed from first quarter to second quarter, it’s because there was some confusion around the tax payments. I think those are yet to be had. I think the profile for the balance of the year is going to pretty positive.
Jeff Immelt: I can’t comment on stuff like that. I think we have a strong intent to create financial flexibility, we’ve got good optionality, and we’ve got a set of priorities as a management team and as a Board in terms of how we look at it. I think what Keith said, in February there is a dividend increase in your future and I’ll just leave it at that.
Jeff Immelt: Not specifically. I think what we’ve tried to do is create a path to $440 billion of E&I that really doesn’t require any special dispositions, it’s 100% in our control. That’s the way we look at it right now and then I think we just have to see how these businesses perform, how they capital markets look over the next year or so and make strategic decisions accordingly. That business had done extremely well. The whole competitive dynamics are different than they were a couple years ago. We’re really focused on creating this great specialty finance GE Capital business that’s going to be high margin into the future. $440 billion is in our control and doesn’t really require any big dispositions at all.
Jeff Immelt: When you look at the infrastructure portfolio today we all have businesses that we can invest in and like growing. Again, as I said earlier, we like bolt on acquisitions that are financially attractive where we have leadership teams that can step in and run those acquisitions working with our partners. That’s the way I would look at it. We’ve got a decent pipeline out there but I think we’ve got lots of options, the redemptions of the preferred stock, the buyback potential. The way I would look at our financial picture is that that’s pretty strong and with GE Capital’s earnings rebounding that’s quite positive. We just have lots of options on this last page in terms of the things we can do and still grow earnings and still have lots of cash.
Jeff Immelt: Not necessarily. Again, I think we just want to do what’s in strategic best interest for the company going forward. I just think the goods news is we’ve got lots of ways to create shareholder value.
Jeff Immelt: If you look at what’s in backlog, you’ve got positive price at backlog. What we call the new order of pricing index in Q1 was also positive. I think that’s a good sign and deflation continues to be pretty strong. This is something that we watch the value gap very closely and I think we feel pretty good about it.
Jeff Immelt: I would say that the timing on the NBCU transaction isn’t in our control. Things seem to be moving in an orderly way but that’s out of our control. Beyond that I’d say EPG is a good time for us to give a pretty good vision for how we view capital allocation going forward and so I do think that’s a good thing, a good subject for that meeting and how we’re thinking about it. The GE Capital dividend, the GE dividend can grow independent of the GE Capital dividend but it is a high priority of Keith and mine and the management team to restore the GE Capital dividend in a timely fashion. The GE dividend I view as being independent of that.
Jeff Immelt: We’ve set a two way target for the business an so it’s just arithmetic as you go through that and then the reserves go where they go and how long that takes is how long it takes. Our focus is on having a good high margin, especially finance business.
Keith Sherin: I think if you look at the pace of change on orders, going back through the last several quarters, you can see it. The second quarter last year was down 42% on equipment, third quarter last year was down 32%, fourth quarter was down 14%, this year we were down 10%, we’d be flat if we had the Iraq order in there. I think the pace and the comparisons support continued gradual improvement. As you know, they’re lumpy, we’re going to have some big orders that drop into different periods but I think overall the trend is continuing.
Keith Sherin: As you know, we closed this in the third quarter ’08 and we have in the loss agreement with Shinsei but the economy’s been terrible and there have been a lot of different changes in the legislation and the regulatory environment. For example, in the legislation, lenders in the consumer finance base are no longer going to be allowed to give loans to people who have greater than 30% debt to income and that will go into affect in the end of June 2010. That’s been known for about 18 months but that’s getting very close and is increasing claims proportionately we don’t know.  There’ve been some changes from a regulator perspective where customers who file a grey zone claim are no longer flagged in the credit bureau system and so does that change the behavior of claims? We’ve seen a pickup in the last several months in terms of the overall claims severity, the number of claims have gone down, the average amount per claim is higher than what was in our model and it’s volatile. What I would say is we update that model every quarter, we’ve done a lot of work on what do we see as claim trends, what could the liability be, what’s the sharing with Shinsei what’s left and we added $380 million to the reserve this quarter. A couple of points, number one we still have not used up the amount that we established for the potential liability when we formed this transaction with Shinsei so there’s an amount left from the original deal that’s still there. In addition to that we’ve booked up $500 million of addition provisions between the second quarter last year and the amount we did here in the first quarter. Our books a little different than competitors, we are no longer, we capped everybody in the book at 18%, we have not been doing grey zone since June of last year.  We’re in runoff mode; we reduced and blocked a lot of the accounts from even getting additional loans. I think what I can say is it’s been volatility, it’s higher than what we thought; we booked an amount we think is consistent with what we think the liability will be but we’ve got to watch what happens over the next several months.
Keith Sherin: We originally had that estimate when we were looking at the December outlook for Capital around $2 billion. I think if you look at the way the math works on the income maintenance agreement it should be less than that today if thinks continue. If you look at the first quarter interest fixed charges were somewhere around $4 billion so 10% of that is $400 million.  In the quarter, GE Capital made $200 million of pre-tax earnings so if you just did it on a quarterly basis the payment for the first quarter would be $200 million. I don’t know what will happen annually from a pre-tax and from an interest but that gives you an order of magnitude if everything was just straight line what it would be. We think it’s going to be less than the $2 billion but we have to see what happens with the rest of the year and whether we have additional restructuring. Right now that outlook looks positive.
Keith Sherin: Actually it wasn’t a reserve release, provisions were a certain amount and losses were an amount $100 million higher than that so it’s not a reserve release when you actually use it to write off losses.
Keith Sherin: I’m going 8.1 to 8 excluding FAS 167 and we actually had a provision of $1.9 billion ex. FAS 167 and we had a little higher than that in terms of write offs. It’s a write off; it’s not a reserve release. We actually wrote off an asset.
Keith Sherin: I think you’ve got to think through the cycle. You ended up with delinquencies rising; as delinquencies rose you posted more reserves. I think write offs will lag the posting of the reserves as you end up dealing with and resolving accounts that were related to those delinquencies that became part of your reason for putting up a reserve. I don’t have a quarter though to pick the timing.  I think if you just looked at the rest of this year, if you look at the quarter we booked $2.3 billion of provision, if we kept that provision roughly around that amount and we kept write offs around that amount you’d end the year with $8 billion of reserves but you would have substantially less provisions for the remainder of the year than you had last year and I think that’s a positive. I think eventually you’re going to have a point where you’re not going to have even to need those reserves that you have where write offs will be less than the provision you put up. We’re a little too early to call that today, I would say.
Keith Sherin: I didn’t mention a ceiling, I don’t think there is a ceiling, and I think this is a thing that we have an agreement with Shinsei where we will be responsible for that liability. I think that whatever the ultimate amount is, even if you say it’s worse than what we’ve posted this year I think it will be manageable for us.
Keith Sherin: On Industrial we have less restructuring offset partially by higher pension. Pension is up about $200 million and we did about $0.03 of restructuring in the Industrial Corporate last year, we did about $0.01 this year and the security gain is in there as well.
Keith Sherin: Environmental in Q1 was less than $50 million; I don’t think it was a substantial number at all. I don’t see Environmental in the year being a material item here that we would think we have to do anything special on. I think the one big project obviously to watch is the Hudson, we think we provided for what we think we need to do based on where we are with that and we’ll watch how that develops over the year. I don’t think there are any other individual projects or anything that would rise to a discussion level.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: On GE Capital tax I don’t think I totally followed you when you were going through the whole description of the puts and takes. Clearly we had the year ago comp issue but was there something in the going forward on credits that you mentioned I heard an $800 million number.
Keith Sherin: No, it meant that you actually wrote off some asset accounts, I didn’t release any reserves, I actually took assets down by writing off an account.
Keith Sherin: The amount went down but it’s because, whether you call it a clean up or whatever, the write offs in the quarter were $2.4 billion and the provisions were $2.3 billion so I actually stepped into and whatever you want to call it, I finalized the write off on certain credit accounts that were on the books. I didn’t release any reserves here. I think you’re going to see that phenomenon. It’s not a reserve release when you actually have write offs above the provision, we actually booked $2.3 billion of provision, we didn’t release any reserves.
Keith Sherin: I think the more important number is what’s the provision going to be. The change in write offs is going to what affects the net reserve balance that’s left but I think the provision number is what I talked about as being the thing that you think you really should be watching. I think write offs have lagged provision, as you said, and theoretically they should be above provisions as you come out of the credit cycle. I think the more important number is that provision and if we’re flat at $2.3 billion you can look at what that will do in terms of benefits versus the rest of the year.
Keith Sherin: I don’t have an update of that in the quarter; we will update that in the second quarter and give you that during the second quarter. I do not have an update on that right now. There was a lot of depreciation and a lot of those write offs do eat into that, I don’t know what the net number will be after you get done with that analysis though.
Keith Sherin: The comments that we made previously about growing the dividend in ’11 don’t assume that we grow the GE Capital dividend.
Keith Sherin: I think we have two categories, we have losses and impairments. You also have the FAS 167 which we added those receivables and that will result in higher losses. What we said in December was that the base case of around $12 billion on losses and impairments another $1.5 billion for the 167. If you look in the first quarter the actuals on that same basis were $3 billion. You annualize that to $12 to $13.5 billion I think it’s a little less than what you said but it’s directionally correct.
Keith Sherin: Actually the first quarter GE Capital tax credits are pretty representative of what the structural benefits are for GE Capital. If the current legislation, first of all the part has to get enacted which we believe it will, if that legislation and that framework stays in place the tax credits that you see in GE Capital in the first quarter are pretty representative of our run rate on a quarterly basis.  What will change is as we have additional pre-tax income and you can see the increases in pre-tax income, those will get tax provisions against them of whatever the incremental rates are in the 30% to 35% and you would have to have several billion dollars increase in pre-tax income to start to offset those tax credits on a quarterly basis, $1.5 billion of pre-tax would offset the tax credits in the first quarter then you’d have zero as a rate.  I think the structural benefits in the first quarter are pretty representative of what you’re going to see going forward if the legislation stays in place and then as we have higher pre-tax income the tax rate will rise in GE Capital.
Keith Sherin: It depends upon what pre-tax is in 2011. I think the tax credits that you see on a quarterly basis you can kind of say that’s structurally what we expect in 2011, but then what happens to pre-tax.
Keith Sherin: $295 for the Corporate items in eliminations in the schedule that’s less restructuring offset by more pension basically that’s why you’re down $100 year over year. On the Capital side, if you look, we had capital finance equals GECC now so some of the things that were in Cap Corp previously are probably in what we call GE Capital today, Capital Finance, which may be what you’re looking at.  In the quarter we had restructuring in Capital Corp about $0.01 we had some marks and impairments in the treasury group and then we have about ongoing about $100 million of ongoing costs associated with running the operation and the overhead and the facilities and global functions.
Keith Sherin: The reserve levels will follow the quality in the portfolio. As delinquencies and non-earnings roll over and decline you reserve levels are going to decline. It’s a pretty straightforward relationship I’d say.
Keith Sherin: I haven’t changed the estimate for the year. I don’t have it updated on a quarterly basis. We said last year it was about 4.6% for the portfolio going to 5% this year, I think that’s still true. The business is still around 3% ROI but I don’t have that updated on a quarter.
Keith Sherin: A way to think about it maybe it’s the debt book and the Commercial Real Estate business is in the financing receivables and will be included in the loss provision results. Our debt book today with a lot of it around 100% loan to value is almost mark to market. Depending upon our commercial real estate values change on the debt book that will show up in the loss provision. On the equity book it’s a longer term view, it’s what our rent is going to do over time, what will happen to occupancy, how do we feel about lease up and releasing properties. We do a pretty big review of that twice a year we do a quarterly review of any troubled properties every quarter. I think in there we had $600 million pre-tax of impairments in the first quarter. I don’t know if that’s a run rate, we have to see what happens to all those dynamics. That’s got a little more volatility in it. I would say on the other side, on the debt side, across the portfolio, as delinquencies have come down and non-earnings have come down I think you’re going to continue to see that positive, the provision will follow that positively, including the debt book and real estate.
Keith Sherin: In Technology Infrastructure I think you’re seeing the strength here is obviously the healthcare business with good earnings leverage, we expect them to continue to have a pretty good year as you go through the year. I think Aviation actually in the quarter gave us pressure obviously, if you ex out those deals the Aviation equipment versus services dynamic should be okay through the rest of the year. Transportation I think is just having a really tough time on equipment but the service business again has continued to be profitable. I think ex the deals would be a pretty good way to look at Tech Infra as you look forward 2Q, 3Q, 4Q.
Keith Sherin: I don’t know what the build is, I said ex the deals I think the quarter is pretty representative of the way I feel the businesses should be performing as we go through the rest of the year. We’ve got the benefit of the spare parts price increase; our spares orders are pretty good. The service versus equipment mix is remaining positive in the quarter and that should continue through the year.
Keith Sherin: I don’t remember what big one time orders we had in 2Q through 4Q last year. I’d expect them to be closer to flat as we go through the rest of the year as a more normal operating indicator.
Keith Sherin: Structural credit $1.5 to $2 billion and the current tax legislative regime and on top of that pre-tax income generating positive tax provisions.
Keith Sherin: The big structural positives are all in place. The grandfather of GE ownership of GE Capital affect we can keep the banks. I think that when you look at the consumer protection it doesn’t really affect us that much. We’re prepared for a different regulator, we think we’re systemically important and we’re prepared for the Fed to be our regulator if that’s the case. I think the teams have done a pretty good job preparing for all that. Details, we’re going to have to see how they work out. The big structural things we feel really good about.
