Steve Winoker: Thanks Brandon. Good morning and welcome to GE's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. I'm joined by our; Chairman and CEO Larry Culp; and CFO Carolina Dybeck Happe. Before we start I'd like to remind you that the press release and presentation are available on our website. Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our website those elements can change as the world changes. With that I'll hand the call over to Larry. 
Steve Winoker: Hey, Brandon, we only – we are past the hour. We have time – we will fit in one more in the queue. I recognize there are more folks and we'll get you afterwards, but just one last one please.
Steve Winoker: Brandon, we are out of time at this point. So I want to -- I'm going to thank everybody then and we're going to have to move on. But again, we'll be available for follow-up questions as needed. 
Larry Culp: Carolina, thanks. In summary, this was without a doubt an exceedingly challenging quarter. But I hope when we look back on this quarter, we'll remember it as one where we rose to a challenge of historic uncertainty and difficulty to embrace our reality head on and drive better operational execution while taking actions to derisk the company. Better earnings and cash performance in the second half are achievable based on what we see today and the aggressive actions we've taken. As Carolina said, we do have work to do and the environment is still fluid. It remains a game of inches. I have no doubt we're accelerating GE's transformation for the long term though. We're increasing our focus on lean and taking action on the factors within our control. That coupled with our fundamental strengths, our exceptional team, our leading technologies and our global reach give us confidence in our ability to unlock the potential across GE today. So with that Steve, let's go to Q&A.
Larry Culp: Okay. Well, Nigel I think you touched on a number of the variables within the industry on top of those that are a function more directly from COVID-19 that make the first part of the question so challenging to answer and to work through of course inside the company and inside the industry. I think our view is that, we are encouraged by the sequential improvement we've seen broadly around the world but we're still down over 40% from a departures perspective. China being down high single-digits is encouraging. They were first in and first out. Perhaps that suggests some of the potential from here. But I think by no means are we suggesting that things get meaningfully easier from here at least in the short term. I think this is going to continue to be a challenging environment as governments and the public sort through how to react just broadly to the case trends. It will be a different dynamic country to country. But with respect to those things within our control, again we're trying to make sure that we continue to push safety first within our own operations doing what we can to help align the industry around a safe return to flight. Operationally, tremendous amount of focus, as you well know, on cost and cash preservation, all the while looking for those opportunities to quicken the cycle time within a shop visit to improve productivity. So, we're not only reacting to this unprecedented headwind, but they're working through the dynamics that will really dictate how well we perform in the second half in 2021 and beyond. You mentioned USM, clearly, as the carriers make decisions with respect to how they want to transition those planes that are parked in the retirement status, we saw some of that. I suspect we will see more of that over the next couple of years. We think we're well-positioned to participate given that USM is a source of material for our CSAs. It has been for many years. So, we'll have to see how all this plays out. Again, I don't think we're looking for anyone to do us any favors. I don't think we have a different posture than anyone else in the industry. These are difficult times in commercial aviation, but we'll work through that all the while doing what we can to continue to feed a strong and growing military aviation within our company.
Larry Culp: Yeah, Steve I think Carolina has laid it out. We've got work to do. Again I think what we're saying this morning is that, we came in better than we thought in the second quarter obviously a lot of good work. We certainly had a benefit from the lower production schedules with the airframers. But I think as we look at the second half, we're going to drive sequential improvement. We're going to do the best we possibly can and we'll see where we end up at the end of the year.
Larry Culp: Andrew, I'm not sure that we would go there today. I think what we're focused on clearly is the trajectory around shop visits. We've got better visibility today in the third than we do in the fourth with respect to our own shops. As you know when we talk about shop visits some of that activity is performed within our own facilities, but there's other volume that we support through material supply into third parties that do similar work. So there are a raft of factors in play here. But again I think given what we see today, we continue to believe the principal pressure that we're all under is how the carriers are going to operate and maintain the existing fleet. There are other dynamics that we haven't talked about such as green time that are realities that we need to embrace realities we need to help our customers manage. So it's going to -- again I think it's going to be challenging for us and for really everybody in the industry until we have better visibility on a sustained trajectory. That said, we continue to take the actions internally, not only on the cost and cash front, but also operationally to drive the lean implementation so that we're producing cycle time and reducing delinquencies and past dues to make the most of this COVID period.
Larry Culp: Hey, Markus, I would just add that I think what Carolina has framed well there is the efforts that are underway. But right behind that, we are continuing to look for opportunities and efficiencies. And that's just the nature of kaizen really right? With the passage of time, you see more, you can do more, you build that momentum. So as we continue to look to just drive efficiency overall, but at the same time deal with these headwinds, you should expect us to root out as much cost as we can and to preserve and generate as much cash as possible. But in terms of the hard targets for today, I think Carolina has laid that out.
Larry Culp: Andy, I would say that there is a lot that's in-flight pardon the pun with respect to improving the cost structure in Aviation. What we've clearly been hit hardest from a volume perspective and internal margin perspective in services. I don't think that the sequential improvement that we see in the second half is going to take us into a zone that starts with a three, but I think we will be in a zone with a four, with the third quarter showing us some modest improvement. And I think we'll see even more in the fourth. 
Larry Culp: Well, Deane, I think what we wanted to highlight today is we're going to take the next step toward full monetization here. We're going to do it over a multiyear period as you saw. And the program at a high level is basically designed to enable us to sell our shares, basically the VWAP over call it the next three years. We think this makes sense in this environment. Clearly we started the monetization of Baker back in the fall of 2018 nearly two years ago. But this allows us to be I think still patient and disciplined while we divest this non-core piece of the portfolio and that sets us up clearly to redeploy that capital. And I think we're excited about the enhanced financial flexibility that it will give us. 
Larry Culp: Yes. I think, you covered it well. We thought that we would take an early look at that highest-risk portion of the portfolio roughly 20% as you said Carolina. And then we'll just run through our normal-course process here in the third quarter and we'll update folks later. But I'm pleased that we pulled that forward given the environment that we're in. I think that's very consistent with our effort to be transparent and on top of these things. But more work to do normal course here in the third. 
Larry Culp: Scott I think we're pretty pleased by and large with Healthcare's performance just given the mix of dynamics there, right both from a topline perspective, we had -- if you just look at orders for example we have positive orders in HCS. despite all of the downdrafts largely a function of the COVID products giving us that backfill. Clearly PDx was way down. But the team did a really nice job with that volume mix pressure to really respond quickly. A little easier in a shorter-cycle business like Healthcare to take the cost actions that we did that allowed us to hold the op margins flat and we had decent cash performance there. I think as we get into the second half and really as we think about the recovery from here despite the pressures at Aviation folks are going to need to remember that we've got a good Healthcare business that's going to get better both in terms of the macro environment and our operation and management of it, as well as the turnarounds that are underway in both Power and Renewables. So that's really a large part of the self-help story in addition to what we've talked about in addition to what's happening and the way we're managing at Aviation. 
Larry Culp: Yes. I would say Chris with where we are today particularly on the heels of the BioPharma transaction with $41 billion of cash and I think with lots within our control operationally to improve performance from here we're not spending a lot of time on additional asset sales, right? I think we know we've got to bring these leverage numbers down. We've remained committed to our financial policy in that regard. No change. It's just going to take us a little while longer both on the Industrial side and to a lesser degree on the capital side. But we're going to move forward with this portfolio with the aim of creating as much value as we can over time. 
Larry Culp: Well as I mentioned earlier, I mean we just think that there are going to be opportunities amidst the pressure of the moment really across the portfolio to smartly create new programming and products. You see that particularly in Healthcare right now given the way the team has responded around not only the ventilator and patient monitor opportunity. But the way frankly we've been able to deploy some of the digital products in a more meaningful way than we might have otherwise despite all the time and money that we have put into the digital health care effort. So Carolina I think you covered it. It's really about sequential improvement from here. Again, the environment remains challenging. But with respect to those things that are within our control, we think Healthcare is well positioned to lead. The turnarounds in Power and Renewables continue and we're expecting a multiyear recovery in Aviation. 
Larry Culp: Yes. Josh I'm not sure we really have a working definition of normal, if you will, right? If we went back and we looked at the way this has played out for us over time right whether it be 9/11 the crisis or -- I mean every time that we've seen these sorts of pressures, the dynamics have been different every time out. So I think the best that we can share today is that as the airlines are working through what this means, not only in terms of their fleet plans and their cash -- their own cash preservation efforts their maintenance programs going forward, we'll continue to be under some pressure in services. I just don't think there's any -- really any two ways about it. So despite the improvement in departures and that sequential uplift. I think we're mindful that this is going to continue to be challenging for us in 2020 and that won't be the end of it.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Hi, Carolina here. Yeah. We do have, as you point out, a seasonality in the second half of the year. So, that we expect to see as well. But it's a bit of a different year compared to, sort of, normal years for us. So, the second half, it will be a combination, obviously, of our cash earnings. But then, we also have the working capital dynamics that you sort of mentioned. If I look through that, I would say that on the receivables side, we expect to see improvements. We've put a lot of work into process and focus on this. We saw it help already in the second quarter, and we expect to see more of that in the second half. And we also have the Boeing MAX payments then. And we believe that monetization will be less of an impact. Talking about payables. Here to explain the story, so, basically by purchasing significantly lower volumes versus paying old purchases, you create like a hole in the working capital. So, that tailwind is, sort of, gradually gets better in the third quarter, and then we'll see -- sorry, gradually better in the third quarter. But in the fourth quarter, I would see that as a tailwind as the volume stabilizes. On inventories, we worked hard, but we need to do more. So, we believe we'll see better execution there. And here you do have, for example, the seasonality with Renewables, right? And then on the progress, we believe that we will see also a headwind in the second half, because that will mainly depend on the Aviation orders, right. And to our point that Larry mentioned earlier, our cash countermeasures, the $3 billion of cash with two-thirds of that we expect to come in the second half, which is sort of weaved into some of the comments that I had. And we also see continuous underlying improvements. So, that's our estimate for now. And we also believe, as we said that we'll come back to positive cash flow than -- in 2021 based on what we see today.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: All-in. Well, on the D&A, yeah, it was a $500 million in the second quarter. You can think about that dynamic basically that -- basically as the aircraft are shipped, you pay out the discounts, right. So, it will depend on how the aircrafts are delivered. And then, you also asked about the progress payments on -- from the military. Yeah. We did get progress payments from military. We got, I would say, a bit earlier than expected, because also part of the comments that we had between our estimate and where we landed. But overall, the comments that I made on the working capital are, what they are and also the comment on the results so that still stands.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes Markus, you're raising an important area for us and this is the cost and the cash actions. So with our cost and cash actions with a $2 billion of cost and $3 billion of cash actions in the year, right, 2020, and basically the $2 billion of cost flows through to cash and then there's additional cash actions like CapEx and other working capital parts. Now that we have worked through, sort of, where we are now what we can say is that one-third to half of those $2 billion are structural cost out. And that actually annualizes to $1.5 billion to $2 billion. And we do see, of course, the biggest chunk of that is in Aviation, but also in big parts in the other parts of the businesses and we see that as true structural cost out. And it's basically changing the way we do things. And if you think about it part of the whole lean transformation is to change the way we do things so that we do them in a better way, and therefore, also have a sort of structural way of taking the cost out so that they would not come back even with the volumes improving. So it's basically helping our decremental margins now, but we're also expecting that to help our incremental margins as markets come back with volume growth.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. I would just add to that that it's, sort of, technically we call it it's called a structured forward sale. And it's really that you, sort of, go quarter-by-quarter, but you're not bound by it but that's how the plan works. And by that you also get sort of, the average share price over that period. 
Carolina Dybeck Happe: If I look at what we have then on progress and cancellations for Aviation, let's start by looking at the progress collection balance that we have, right? It's $5.5 billion and it's a liability because basically it's prepayment for us. And this is largely commercial engines. And the largest portion of this is LEAP-1Bs. And I would say that the second quarter progress refunds were very small and we're not expecting a significant impact in the second half. If you think about how the flow is our risk is sort of limited to refunds on straight-out cancellations. And of course we coordinate with both the air-framers and our customers since the situations are pretty unique. And I would say that the cancellations we have done, but the air-framer is the lead on negotiating new terms. So if the air-framer agrees to refund progress also GE and CFM would be required to refund. 
Carolina Dybeck Happe: And I'll just add a comment on Healthcare because you have to remember that we sold BioPharma. So basically we had $300 million of cash flow every quarter from BioPharma that's obviously not going to repeat as of this quarter. So you have to sort of take that into consideration when you look at Healthcare. 
