Jeffrey Bornstein: Thanks Keith. GE Capital revenue was just under 11 billion in the quarter, down 3% driven by lower assets, partly offset by high gains. Assets were down 7% or $37 billion year-over-year. Net income was $1.9 billion, down 9% from prior year, primarily driven by lower assets and higher gains were offset by losses margin impairments in the quarter. Tax benefits were essentially flat year-over-year with a rate down driven by lower pre- tax income on lower assets. We ended the quarter at $391 billion of ending net investment. That's down $40 billion from last year and down $11 billion sequentially. Our net interest margin was up 18 basis points versus 2012 to 5% and flat with the first quarter. Tier 1 common ratio on a Basel I basis improved to 11.2% in the quarter, driven by the reduction in investment in the balance sheet and after paying $1.9 billion in dividends in the quarter.  On the right side of page, asset quality trends continue in the right direction, with delinquency rates improving across the portfolio. The only exception being the seasonality we expect in our UK mortgage business. In addition, non-earning assets totaled $6.6 billion. That's down $600 million from the first quarter and down $1.6 billion versus last year. CT ended the quarter with $36 billion, well on its way to the $35 billion plan for the year. And liquidity was very strong, ending the quarter at $70 billion. Now I'll walk you through the segment performances. CLL, Commercial Lending and Leasing businesses ended the second quarter with $174 billion of assets. That's down 6% from last year, driven by a reduction of non-core assets of about $7 billion and $4 billion of lower core assets primarily driven by asset sales, including the fleet Canada disposition Keith referred to. On-book core volume was 6% higher than the second quarter of 2012. And new business returns remain attractive at about 2% returns on investment.  Earnings were strong across all the regions and up 31% total driven by the fleet disposition, asset sales, higher tax benefits in Europe, partially offset by asset impairments. Asset quality continued improving, with delinquencies down 50 basis points versus last year and non-earning assets were down 30% versus the second quarter of 2012. In the consumer segment we ended the quarter with $136 billion of assets, up 1%. Net income of $828 million was down 9%, primarily driven by the removal of reserve seasonality in our U.S retail business under the new modeling approach that we completed in the first quarter. We expect reserve coverage in the U.S. retail business to be above the same in the third quarter. The U.S. retail business earned $563 million in the second quarter, down $78 million from last year, driven by the reserving change I just mentioned and partly offset with core growth. Asset growth in this business was strong at 9% and asset quality continues to set new benchmarks, with 30 day delinquency down to 3.85%. Our core Europe business earned $149 million in the quarter, which was essentially flat year-over-year. The real estate team continues to execute very well. Assets ended the quarter of $42 billion. That's down 28% year-over-year. Net income of $435 million was up two times versus 2012. And that was driven by higher gains on the equity portfolio on higher tax benefits. The business sold 180 properties with a book value of $1.9 billion for about $200 million in gains in the quarter. Asset quality continues to improve with 30 day delinquencies on the debt book at 2.1% and that's 6 basis points lower sequentially.  The verticals, GECAS earned $304 million. That's down 1% with assets down 3%, driven by lower gains on aircrafts sales and modestly higher impairments on aircraft held for sale. Returns remained very attractive on new volume. EFS earnings were down driven by the impairment of a single-asset in our energy book and modestly lower gains across the portfolio. For our total results, we did have roughly $300 million of tax provisions in the GE Capital Corporate that partially offset the tax benefits in the segments to book to a total year expected rate of mid-single-digits. This along with a non-repeat of $200 million of tax benefits from BP, Business Properties transactions in the second quarter 2012, explains the higher corporate charge year-over-year. So overall, GE Capital continues to perform well. Its results were in line with our strategy to reduce the size of the business. And as you look forward to the third quarter with the loss of earnings we're shrinking assets and adjusting for one-time items, the normalized run rate for GE Capital was still in the range of about 1.8 to 1.85 in earnings.  So with that, I'll turn it back to Jeff.
Jeffrey Bornstein: There was no reclassification, but I can take you through corporate. If you look at the corporate second quarter number, it's a $1.883 billion. Remember you’ve got to take out the non-operating pension which on a pre- tax basis is 661. So we're the $1.2 billion in the quarter. There is really three things. We have $280 million of pre- tax restructuring in corporate, which is the $0.02. And again that for the year will be against the NBCU gain. We have the impairment of $108 million in the corporate line. And then the third thing not really related to corporate, but it just flows in that line is that GE Capital preferred dividend of $135 million. So if you take the second quarter and you get to a run rate, you’re basically at the run rate we need to be, about $3 billion for the year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: I think provisions came in above where we thought they would be. They were up about $300 million year-over-year. $200 million of that was associated with our retail business in the U.S. And we went through that reserve model change that we completed in the first quarter. One of the outcome of that is we removed the seasonality that we historically have had in the second quarter. And so that didn't repeat year-over-year. And then we added $100 million of reserves in CLL, principally in our U.S. CLL business. So I think provisions came in just about where we expected them. They were down sequentially because we made that final change in the retail reserves in the first quarter, which was like $600 million. So that's why they sequentially look lower.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yeah, I don't -- we have been in preparation for this day for the better part of two or three years. We've had the Fed with us for the last two years. We have been running in parallel all of the processes you see in the major banks running, whether that's stress testing, preparing ourselves with a recovery plan and working early innings on a resolution plan. So I don't think incrementally it is anything that we won't be able to deal with. I think our capital is in very, very good shape. I think our processes are improving every day. So I don't think that the margin, that the designation is going to mean all that much to the business.
Jeffrey Bornstein: You've seen our pricing and orders quarter-after-quarter, six quarters of positive OPI across the company. That's coming through in revenue. This quarter we had 1% positive price in sales. I think that continues. I think we've put it into the backlog and with the OPI strong on the new orders coming in, I think you're going to continue to see pricing. I think the change that we've seen year-over-year has been a big improvement in deflation. Last year at the half we had close to $60 million of inflation and this year we've got significant deflation. So, I think we expect that to continue. We do a lot to lock in our purchases on a forward buy basis. So we're feeling pretty good about the value gap, Jeff, talked about it. I think that's going to be, as we show on the margins chart, a significant contributor to us getting to the 70 basis points this year. And as you listen, as we go business-by-business, we talked about the value gap and just about every one of the segments been a positive contributor. So the teams have been focused on pricing. They're focused on delivering projects at the margins we quote or better, and the sourcing deflation has been positive for us this year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: We had actually $200 million in the first quarter, Julian. So that's how you get to 468 or whatever at the half. We're targeting at least $1 billion and we have an intense focus in this company around simplification. There is a regular rhythm. Everybody's engaged. We’re reducing P&L's. We’re putting things in centers of excellence. And we're going to look at more restructuring projects as we go into the second half year here. If we have good returning projects we’re going to continue to evaluate those.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Andrew, I’d say first of all we’ve issued about $28 billion debt year-to-date in addition to $1 billion preferred we talked about. So $29 billion total against the total year plan of $30 billion to $35 billion. So, most of our borrowing in the year is done. Fortunately, we're able to get out a little ahead of what's happened to benchmark rates in the last couple of months. Long-term generally higher interest rates have historically been good for GE Capital as well as most banks. Margins tend to expand, spreads and to expand vis-à-vis benchmark rate. So I would say generally I think on a longer term trend basis, higher rates are better for the business. I think from a liability perspective we're in great shape.  We run a match funded book. So our short term change in interest rates really shouldn't impact us much, because our variable assets are matched with variable debt and our fixed assets with fixed debt. So we should be in pretty good shape. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes. We're developing additional new product upgrades for them that give them better efficiency in operating performance and we can demonstrate those economics, right. It's not really related to just whether they run a little more from a cost of gas perspective. It's really about over the long term what's the value of that asset for them.
Jeffrey Immelt: Great, Jeff, thanks. As for the framework, we have really no change to the 2013 operating framework. We're not planning for an improved environment for the balance of 2013 but execution levers are in our control, a solid backlog, good technology, strong cost control and disciplined capital allocation. In addition, we have a very diverse global footprint, which is well positioned for the macro tailwinds that are out there like in oil and gas. So again, as I said, no change for 2013 operating framework. We still plan on solid investment earnings growth for the year, driven by expanding margins. Our second quarter profile supports this growth. GE Capital will have solid growth for the year and we have no change in our framework for corporate costs for cash. We still plan on double-digit EPS growth for the year. So, everything is consistent with what we said at EPG and we are well positioned to deliver for investors. And in conclusion, let me recap our status versus investor goals we set for the year. First our industrial earnings growth will improve during the year. Power & Water was a drag in the first half but should have positive earnings growth in the second half. The other segments are executing. So, we should see strong growth for total industrial in the second half. We plan to achieve 70 basis points of margin improvement for the year. The second quarter exceeded our expectations and the teams did solid job on execution. We expect to receive up to $6.5 billion dividend from GE Capital this year. Organic growth will likely be at the low end of our 2% to 6% range for 2013. Again, the wind turbine cycle is a headwind, but we're well positioned for the future with a solid backlog and the balance of our industrial businesses should grow in line with our 5% to 10% organic growth goal. We're on track to return $18 billion to shareholders through dividends and buyback. So for GE this is a solid quarter and we're on track for a good year. Now, I will turn it back to you and we will take some questions.
Jeffrey Immelt: You know, Scott, it really does. Again, I think the teams have been executing well. I would decompose a little bit the way we talk about margins. The value gap is on track to be significantly positive this year. Our SG&A, our simplification efforts I think are just gaining momentum. So that looks good. R&D, I think levelizes for the year, mix levelizes for the year. And the power & water units are in backlog. So, Scott, I think as we execute that ramp, we feel pretty confident in the 70 basis points for the year. We still have a slight hedge in the numbers and I just think we're building momentum.
Jeffrey Immelt: Oh, yeah. It definitely does. Just given the way the wind -- Scott, like you know, just looking at the wind profile, if you look at power & water, it's going to strengthen in the second half. And the other businesses I'd say are already demonstrating some nice momentum. So things like aviation spares which were a drag last year have turned into a tailwind this year. Oil & Gas, I'd say four or five segments double-digit orders growth, even M&C I’d say better quarter. So if you just take through one-by-one, you're going to get some gathering momentum I think in the second half of the year.
Jeffrey Immelt: I think I can start with both of those for you, John. On WMC, yes the statute limitations runs six years from the date of the securitization and we basically have completed all the securitizations that came out of WMC of going through that six year period now. And I think that's why you see a slowing of the additional pending claims. And so we need to resolve these. We're in negotiation and discussion on the claims and we're going to work away through as you go through the second half of the year and we'll continue to update you. From a Japan perspective, there is a contractual discussion point in the first quarter with Shinsei. And we will have a discussion with them and whether we can reach agreement or not remains to be seen, but there is an opening there in the first quarter that we'll be pursuing and negotiating with them.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah, I think one bright spot in service is certainly in the U.S. If you look at the U.S. PGS, the orders were up 29%. In the first quarter we talked about some advanced gas path upgrades, the team did a pretty good job executing in the quarter. They had about 12 of them in the quarter and that's a good sign for us. In the U.S. service business revenues were up 20%. In Europe, the PGS had a really challenging quarter, down 59%, Jeff. The fleet operating hours, we had reduced outages, it's UK, Italy and Spain. So, we're seeing some positive benefits of fleet in the U.S. and we're more than offsetting the drag that we have from the fleet in Europe right now in the PGS business.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah, so we did have 200 in the quarter, and the team has done a pretty good job as we have reduced that book down to about $17 billion of our investment, doing that as profitably as possible. It is going to get progressively more difficult to generate the same level of gains unless we continue to see improvement in the markets where we're selling these assets. So we've been very focused in the U.S., that's where the recovery has been the biggest, the fastest. We're seeing some signs of life in Europe, in Northern Europe and UK and France. But it's still a long way to go there and Japan is a little bit better. So, I think there still will be the opportunity to generate gains. Whether we will be able to generate as we move down the next $17 billion at the same rate, I think remains to be seen. I think that’s going to be a little bit of a challenge.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah, I’d say notionally, Deane, we’re still on track for what I talked about at EPG. Again I don't think we're quite ready to talk detailed specifics. But you'll be hearing from us in due time, but the notion, the strategy that we outlined at EPG is still on track.
Jeffrey Immelt: It's going to be -- this is going to be better than our plan, and I think that's where the source of our hedge is going to come from.
Jeffrey Immelt: Well, it was a positive for us. I mean if you look at the service business it was actually up slightly on our profit. So the net benefit of everything they did whether it's the part sales or the upgrades and outages in the quarter, gave them a little lift. And so I think it's a positive we're up on our profit even with the revenue been down a little bit. So services versus equipment was a benefit certainly in the energy segment.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah, we have got that (inaudible) even there over the third quarter and fourth quarter. So $1.5 billion in third and $1.5 billion in the fourth is the assumption today.
Jeffrey Immelt: Shannon, my hunch is that the overall market is not going to be quite as strong as we had initially expected. So my hunch is that the order for the year will be between something like 100 and 115, in that range. And again, so they come in buckets. I'd say there is still a fair amount of activity in the Middle East, China and Asia aren't bad. We expect U.S. to be better this year than last year but at a small level. Europe pretty sluggish, Africa okay. But they tend to come in buckets. But my hunch is that's where the orders will come in.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah, we do. I think we have a pretty formal process we go through on booking orders and stuff like that. So, we kind of see, what I would say is pretty good visibility there.
Jeffrey Immelt: Good momentum. I’d be disappointed if it wasn't above $1 billion and we’ve got a good backlog of projects.
Jeffrey Immelt: The goal for services is still around 5% for the year and that's the focus we have on it. So I think the mix is still mainly equipment driven on the total revenue.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, just another nuance on Keith’s. I’d say the most short cycle business we have in Europe is healthcare. And they had the first positive orders I'd say in a couple of years probably, in three years. So that's a decent but I'd echo what Keith said earlier on the Power gen usage side, it's still pretty weak in Europe. But it just seems to have net-net and the GE world anyhow, stabilized in Q2.
Jeffrey Immelt: I'd say, look, I think our product line is pretty good right now and our positioning is pretty good. We're not counting on the U.S. market in healthcare to be super robust. And look, I think on the outpatient side there has been pressure on reimbursements for a long time. So, we're pretty cognizant of where it goes there. But I would say the U.S. market feels like it's growing flattish to maybe up a couple of points and I don't see that changing that much.
Jeffrey Immelt: You never know until you see the NEMA data, but it seems like a better run rate for us this quarter and then we'll see when we get the market data. It's usually a lag of a couple of weeks. But I think -- and then outside U.S., the growth markets were up 10%, and that's a decent profile for the healthcare guys.
Jeffrey Immelt: Steve, it's really kind of product-by-product. I see our service pricing is still pretty good and that shows up in service margins. Your reference on the power-gen market, it's a tough market. So you're seeing pressure there. Aviation, the pricing has been really pretty good, same ways locomotives behind product performance. So it's kind of a mix business-by-business. But I think on the input cost side we're not seeing any inflation really and so we see a favorable trade, let's say, in the short-term between our ability to sustain decent pricing in our market versus incoming inflation.
Jeffrey Immelt: My sense, Steve, is that the power gen service piece ought to be pretty stable between '13 and '14. We have got a decent backlog of these advanced gas paths. We do have some turnarounds next year that are going to be helpful. So I view this as the ability to kind of have stable growth in the power gen service side.
Jeffrey Immelt: We really haven't -- a lot of things we do in aviation, stuff like that are dollar trades anyhow, but we haven't seen the Japanese companies becoming more competitive if that’s what you mean. One of the advantages we have is we also make things in Japan and have a supply chain in Japan. So we’re naturally hedged as these things go on from a cost position standpoint.
Jeffrey Immelt: It's just a historical thing. The healthcare business is a little bit on the electronics cost curve. Half of it is physics and half of it is electronics. And you have a fairly rapid new product standpoint. So healthcare grows at CM rate, even when we show --- the way we look at price, it shows some erosion, but that's usually offset by sourcing and by margin on new products that are replacing the old ones. So it’s a unique character on our portfolio.
Keith Sherin: We had a small disposition in aviation, but it was immaterial, John. In total across the industrial segments the impact of gains was zero.
Keith Sherin: The Aviation TransDigm benefit was immaterial in the segment. And I didn't say it netted out year-over-year. I said it was zero in the quarter in the segments.
Keith Sherin: No, no. In the quarter the small benefit we got in TransDigm in Aviation, if you go to the segment profit level, it was zero across the segment profits for the industrial businesses.
Keith Sherin: Sure. Power & water, if you look, the equipment pricing was up 3.5% in the quarter. Service pricing was down three-tenths and overall up 1.6%. Thermal and PGS was down 2.2%, renewables was very strong up 11%. Those will be the biggest drivers.
Keith Sherin: No. If we go to the corporate line you adjust for the non-operating pension. Out of the $1.2 billion, there is $280 million of restructuring on a pre- tax basis, that's industrial. There is another penny that's in capital and corporate. So out of the $0.03, $0.02 is in industrial and $0.01 is in Capital.
Keith Sherin: Right. And so was the NBCU gain in the first quarter, and we said the restructuring will be in corporate through the year.
Keith Sherin: Sure. So in the first quarter we had the NBCU gain. We made a set of decisions to lower our cost structure in the company. From an accounting perspective, you have to actually complete all the actions to book the accounting charge to reflect the downsizing that you're doing. And so not all that could happen in the first quarter. We have additional work to do to identify and complete the projects. So, we had $0.04 of restructuring in the first quarter against the NBCU gain and that left a net of positive $0.04 in that first quarter EPS. In the second quarter, we had a [negative] $0.02 after tax of industrial restructuring. And in the third quarter and the fourth quarter will probably have another penny at least each quarter. So, that for the year, Steve, basically it's a zero, it's in the corporate line. And the first quarter was a net positive and the second quarter is a net drag, and the third and fourth quarter will be a slight net drag.
Keith Sherin: We have a goal of 50 for the year. We did 2 in the first quarter, 12 in the second and we've got 8 in the backlog and we've got a number that are working. So I think there is a lot of progress. What we talked about in the second quarter we had three of them that we were working, slipped in two of those actually booked in the second quarter in addition to another ten. So I think the team has made a lot of progress there. And their position probably for the first quarter of '14 outages as you look at where they go, so it will be in the second half, later in the second half of the year we think, Shannon.
Keith Sherin: We had obviously a big improvement in Europe in the orders. Remember the first quarter is down 17. The second quarter we’re up 2. And it was mixed. We talk about power being tough, but the positives for oil and gas was very strong. Oil and gas orders were up 37% in the quarter. A lot of those were up in the Nordic. We have a great position in oil and gas in the North Sea. Aviation was up 26%. It was a mix of both equipment orders as well as service orders. We've seen a rebound of services in the Europe poll. Services were up about 15% for aviation. And healthcare had a nice turnaround. The Power & Water was down, but some encouraging signs in some of the other industrial businesses here, overall 2 versus 17 is a significant improvement obviously for us.
Keith Sherin: Well, I went through some of the pieces, if you looked at it. For equipment, thermal was down 5.5 so that's more in line with what you're seeing in the softness in the thermal market. But the renewables was up 12%. So, I think those were the two biggest pieces. Distributed power is about flat.
Keith Sherin: Well, in the wind business we've got tremendous new product introductions and we're delivering value to our customers. So I think that's the biggest piece of the thermal, rather renewable price index performance for us in 2013.
Keith Sherin: This is a new product introduction. So there have upgrades through the periods, but this is a specific area.
