Larry Culp: Thanks, Carolina. And by the way, Happy Birthday. Wrapping up on Slide 13. As we sit here today, I hope you see what we see. GE is a stronger, more customer-centric company with LEAN and decentralization at the center of everything we do, we've made significant progress across delivery, price and cost, driving lasting improvements. The actions I outlined earlier are helping us manage pressures today and most importantly, positioning our businesses for sustainable long-term growth. Looking ahead, our story is simple. We have leading innovative franchises poised to accelerate in critical growth sectors the world needs. We're advancing the future of flight, precision health and the energy transition. And our solid financial and operational foundation keeps us on track with our plan to launch three companies, each with greater agility, more focus and future growth opportunities. I'm excited about what's ahead. I'm confident GE is positioned to create value. Steve, with that, let's turn to questions.
Larry Culp: And Deane, on 2023, if I may, as you know well, we're just starting our annual strategy and budgeting cycle, that will take us through the next several months. I think as it pertains to 2023, we're still of the view that we're going to deliver significant year-over-year improvement in both profit and cash. But as we said earlier, below the prior view that we've expressed. And perhaps stating the obvious, with so much in flux right now, around the world, I think it's going to be important for us to see how the next six months unfold. And at this point, expect to provide an outlook on 2023 in the usual time frame at earnings -- at fourth quarter earnings. That said, I mean, given the way we've talked about 2023 in the past and the underlying improvement drivers, I don't think they've really changed since March relative to the strong tailwind that we see in Aerospace broadly, both in services and in new units. Clearly, post-pandemic spending by health care providers is something that is critical to the health care story -- and I think the energy transition all the more given events in Ukraine are going to play to GE's strengths. We just need to work through some of these near-term issues that we've highlighted in the prepared remarks in renewables.
Larry Culp: Well, Joe, thanks for flagging that page. I think what we're trying to do was just help everybody understand that despite some of these supply chain challenges, you don't need us talking about that macro, it's well documented. It's really about -- at least for us, what are we going to do. And I think in both instances, in Aerospace and Healthcare, we're making some good progress that we just need to make more of. And I think as we do that, we'll not only unlock some of this pent-up organic growth. We talked about 500 basis points overall from the quarter, but particularly in services and aerospace and just healthcare broadly that's going to be, I think, not only good growth but highly accretive growth. With respect to margins, I think both businesses are marching toward 20%. As we said earlier, with respect to 2023 and beyond, we're really now in the throws of our strat plan process with each of the businesses. As you can imagine, a lot of opportunity in aerospace that we need to work through healthcare, similar but different in that they're preparing for the spin. But I think later on in the year, when you speak with Pete and Helmut, if they get ready, it will be clear that margin expansion and strong cash conversion are very much an important part of their story. I think, first and foremost, they want to demonstrate outsized growth, and we think we're going to be well positioned, both in terms of commercial execution and the innovation investments to do that. And hopefully, that cash conversion can be reinvested both organically and inorganically. But I think in both instances, you're going to see nice margin expansion as we move forward. As to when we hit 20%, give us a little bit of time and we'll give you an updated view later this year.
Larry Culp: Andrew, I would say that if I can just open the aperture a bit relative to the question, it's important that everybody understand that the supply chain challenges in the aerospace industry are far broader than any one commodity at the moment. I mean we see that not only in our own supply chains, but particularly in the wake of Farnborough and the conversations we had there with the airframers and others, this is something that we're grappling with broadly. I've had an opportunity just in the four weeks that I've been in harness at Aerospace to sit with a number of the CEOs and their teams of our core forging and casting suppliers. Here again, Andrew, no silver bullet. This is a ramp that's going to, I think, have us all very much on our toes. I think what we're trying to do is make sure that, first and foremost, our signaling to the vendors, it is crystal clear and consistent as we possibly can. I think over time, we've sent many signals, often mixed signals, and it's really tough for them to operate accordingly. I think similarly, both have indicated there are a number of ways in which we can collaborate around design, let alone capacity additions that will serve everybody and ultimately, our end customers better. So, there's a lot of work to do. It will be a multiyear task to ramp as the industry is clearly poised to ramp, but that's a high-class problem where I come from and one, we're very keen to tackle with our supplier partners in service of our airframe customers, and that's exactly what we're going to do.
Larry Culp: Andy, I think what we had indicated back in April is that we would see another approximately $400 million of profit drain in the second quarter. Unfortunately, it played out in just that fashion, but we thought we'd see second half a reduction in that drain, approximately $600 million 1st to second half. Again, that's not happening, unfortunately. I break it down really due to three drivers, all of which we've touched on, one, just this more conservative posture in the face of the realities in Washington, relative to demand, convertible demand here in 2022, the inflationary pressures that have been well discussed and the fleet durability investments that we indicated we're going to make here as well. So I think you're going to see a second half that resembles the first half more than we would like, but we are working through that. We'll talk again about targets for 2023 later, this is still a business that we have confidence in. Even though we may have a lull in demand here in the short-term, whether it be energy security, whether it be climate, there will be demand for this business in the US and broadly in attractive markets over the medium and long-term, and I think we're well positioned to play there. It's important that everyone remember that while we talk about renewables as a segment, we've got three different dynamics within the segment. We've got offshore wind, which is a growth play for us. We knew that would be an investment over the next -- over several years; grid, which is rapidly approaching breakeven and it too has, I think, a role to play in the energy transition. How long it takes us to get to breakeven. Again, Andy, we'll talk about it in more detail later. But most importantly, we are going to deal with the fixed cost, the so-called fixed cost in the business. But that's just one plank of the plan, right? We've got to do a much better job in terms of modularity and design to not only improve quality and delivery, but frankly, to bring down unit costs. What we've talked about in terms of selectivity and price is really important here. We can't chase every order and we need to continue to make substantial improvement with respect to capturing value for what we deliver. The decentralization of renewables as a segment and even within the businesses, is something that will help not only, I think, reduce cost, but more importantly, improve our execution day in, day out. And that's against the backdrop, not on like we did a few years ago with gas, where we're just going to take a more conservative view for planning purposes of volume, mindful that this low in the market, again, will be short-lived. So, there's a lot going on there. We're going to need some time to work through it. But given what's got and team did in gas and power broadly over the last several years, I think we have, again, confidence that we'll run a similar set of plays to get not only to break even, too, but far more respectable returns in that business.
Larry Culp: Well, Josh, I -- a couple of things there. Let me try to cut through it. What matters most is the customer. And for sure, the spares in the aftermarket helps us financially at a time like this. But we don't want to have that in any way dilute our focus on shortening cycle-times and improving on-time delivery, right? We know our major airframe customers need more engines from us than we have provided and that will be the case for the foreseeable future. So, we need to ramp again in a predictable, reliable, stable way. That's what they want more than anything, so that they can plan the rest of their assembly operations accordingly. And that's where we're focused. So -- there are a whole host of things that we've touched on here relative to our own operations, which we're driving in terms of improving yields, improving capacity and the like and the same thing applies in the supply base. I think the station, Josh I withdraw with semi is that semi didn’t have the dramatic downturn with this industry and I say the industry saw with COVID and then the dramatic spring back. So when the industry was turned down to such a degree, right? And we can talk about this commodity that commodity, I would argue, you see a similar dynamic with some of the pilot shortages that we hear about, some of the operating challenges, the airports are going through. This is an industry that was nearly mothball that is working very hard to come back to meet ultimate leisure and business travel demand, and we're very much a part of that industry and have our version of those challenges. But we're on it.
Larry Culp: You bet, Steve. I know we're tight here. But to close, I appreciate everybody staying in over time with us. We delivered a strong quarter. The actions we're taking to improve delivery, price and cost performance are building meaningfully stronger businesses at GE, and our planned spends are on track. We appreciate your interest in GE, your investment in our company and your time today. Steve and the entire IR team stand ready to assist as you consider GE and your investment processes.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Well, thank you, Deane. There was a lot of questions on cash. We'll take them step by step. So, to start with the $1 billion of working capital push up that we mentioned earlier today, it's really two-thirds that is timing, I would say, a combination of inventory versus receivable from the businesses. and then about one-third is progress in the PTC dynamics from renewables. So, that's the split of the $1 billion. Then you asked about the guide for 2022 free cash flow, and what does that mean then per business? So, what I would say is that if we start with what we talked about today, $1 billion -- about $1 billion of push out compared to what we've talked about before. So, if you take them segment by segment, it really means that in aerospace, we expect to be down due to the supply constraints. Healthcare, similar. So, basically, I would say, trending flat due to the supply constraints here on deliveries. For renewables, and here, we already in the first quarter, I talked about that we expected to sort of be below our original guide, but still better than last year. Now, we have additional pressure, so about a third is added to the renewables number or reduced from renewables numbers. And then for Power, we have conviction in the existing outlook and corporate, we also expect to land in the existing guidance. So, that's overall the 2022 impact of the changes in the free cash flow guide.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. So what that means basically is that we still expect to see the same drivers as we shared in March, but we're monitoring the volatility as Larry spoke about. And we do expect earnings to be a bigger contributor in the sort of the 2023 improvement. It will start off a lower 2022 base, but it will still be the main part of improvement for 2023. And if I look at the earnings at a big improvement part. Then on top of that, we have -- as usual, we have the delta between depreciation, amortization and CapEx, you'll have, what $1 billion of amortization that's non-cash. And then you add to that the working capital part, and we do expect to continue to focus on improving the efficiency, and we expect working capital to continue to be a source of cash, and that will be helped by what I just mentioned, at least in 2023 by the two-thirds of the $1 billion of push out. Well, I would say our more conservative view of the US onshore wind market creates more uncertainty about when we get the progress part and possible restructuring. So overall, we still expect a significant improvement on profit as well as free cash flow for 2023.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Julian, thank you for congratulations. I won’t reveal my age here, but thanks anyway. So on the profit. So no, your math is absolutely right. Let me start by saying that for us, our seasonality is that the second half is really loaded. So we have more than 100% of free cash flow in the second half and the 80% of net income in the second half taking 2021 as a reference point. So it's not uncommon. And we do expect to see strong sequential improvement in growth, and so that continued to accelerating through the year. If I look at the different businesses and what you commented on with the profit, we do expect to see about 800 million of profit growth compared to what we saw in the first half. And I would just start by saying, we expect to see improvements in all segments, but excluding renewables. So if you start with aerospace, we do expect to see strong growth from OE deliveries, which is actually driving a mixed headwind, and we expect that to be offset by the shop visits and the services strength that I mentioned earlier today. On the Healthcare side, we also expect the supply chain constraints to improve and you've seen our backlog there. So, we expect to see healthy growth in the second half as well. And a combination of pricing taking hold. I would say, while we continue to invest for the future growth, we also expect good profit from Healthcare and on the margin improvement there. For Power, I would say it's going to say, it's already in the backlog. But the second half deliveries, both of gas turbines and aeroderivatives are already sort of planned for the second half, and we see strong transactional services growth as well and also getting also getting power, also getting price here. So, I would say when we look at our low-end range, really, the majority there depends on our own ability to deliver. We've talked about sort of two-thirds high convictions and one-third that supply chain restraints and that holds. What we have done now, though, is we've taken a more conservative view on renewables, and therefore, we don’t -- no longer expect to see PTC conversions in the year for renewables. So, overall, the numbers are right, and most of that depends on our own ability to deliver.  You also asked about what about price/cost. We're very happy to see that we have positive price in all the segments in the quarter, and we do expect that to continue to improve through the year. We also continue to expect to deliver on our $2 billion of cost out for the full year. That said, we are also seeing, as everyone is, inflationary pressures. We saw them in the first half, but we do expect, depending on long cycle versus short cycle little bit of different impact of inflation in the second half, but still working to mitigate that. So, that's overall how we get to the low end of our range.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes, I would say on FX, for us, -- our reported sales were 2%. So we had a negative three points top line from currency. While on the profit and EPS, it's really a material impact. For us, this is mainly a translation impact because on the transaction side, and you were sort of commenting on that yourself, Scott, that much of our renewable sales are really US dollar-denominated. Aerospace, no exception. And then with the longer projects that we have, where we have FX exposure, we actively manage that and hedge against those. So I would say, if you assume the same rate still for the full year, we would expect a similar impact for the full year. So that is on the top line and small on the bottom line. When it comes to the different businesses, yes, well it's the ones that are more outside of US based that are impacted. So you see healthcare and renewables in different ways, but they will both be impacted by the translation impact. But overall, it's a small one for GE, for the business that I mentioned.
