Jeffrey Immelt: Thanks, Trevor. Good morning, everyone. Just on the first page, just to give you an overview, I think another good quarter for the company. Just to summarize some of the highlights. Despite the general volatility, our environment continues to improve and get better. We had strong top line performance, and the leading indicators are getting better. We had industrial revenue growth of 8%, 5% industrial organic revenue growth, 12% international growth, with Brazil up, Australia, China and India. Infrastructure orders were up in the quarter, and had real strength in both equipment and services. Earnings growth continues, operating EPS was up 65%. GE Capital had a really good quarter as did Healthcare, Transportation and Aviation. Energy Infrastructure had lower first half but we expect growth to resume in the second half. A solid execution, the GE balance sheet continues to be very strong, and the GE Capital portfolio transformation is ahead of plan. And $82 billion of cash on the company's balance sheet. And we're executing a capital allocation plan kind of in line with what we've talked about with investors in the past.  We announced our third dividend increase this morning, we're up 50% since the second quarter of 2010. We bought back $2.3 billion of stocks since we restarted our buyback, and we've either closed or announced substantial transactions really in our Energy business, one small one in our Healthcare business, so we continue to execute on our capital allocation plan. From an order standpoint, we have strong orders in the quarter, up 13% overall and 10% organically. Our strength was across the board, and backlog grew to a record of $177 billion. It's worth pointing out some of the positive trends in energy. We had strength in both equipment and services, pricing appears to be stabilizing and most importantly, large gas turbine quote activity is increasing. So we did see solid orders growth in the first quarter. From an execution and operations standpoint, like I said in December, we're investing more in research and development, about 12% more in the first quarter of '11. This is producing more new products, and that's helping to drive our orders growth.  From a margin standpoint, we're down year-over-year. This is primarily in our Energy business due to 2 primary factors: Wind turbine pricing and acquisition revenues at lower margins. Overall, material deflation continued, and we should see deflation for the year. And through the year, our margins will strengthen quarter-by-quarter. So that's really the story from an execution and operations standpoint.  From a cash standpoint, we remain on track for $12 billion to $13 billion of CFOA for the year. For the quarter, our results are impacted by the NBCU transaction and working capital growth to support equipment sales through the year.  Overall, GE's balance sheet remains very strong, with $82 billion of consolidated cash, and $15.5 billion of cash at the parent. So a story of strong cash flow, liquidity and just strength in the balance sheet. I think that the things we've talked about with investors in the past, that all remains intact in the first quarter and we're really happy about that. From a capital allocation standpoint, we really are seeing balanced and disciplined capital allocation, and that remains an important part of our overall strategy.  As we said last year, we wanted to redeploy capital from NBC Universal to fast growth in our Energy investments. And with Converteam and Dresser and Wood Group, Wellstream and Lineage, our major transactions are done for 2011. Meanwhile, we continue to emphasize growing the dividend as reflected by today's increase, our third in the past 9 months. We're focused on reducing our share count in 2011, and retiring the preferred equity by October of this year.  And finally, GE Capital has very strong Tier 1 ratios, and we really have done, I think, an outstanding job. Mike Neal and the team have strengthened GE Capital coming out of the financial crisis. So we feel good about our capital allocation plan. I think in the quarter, we've executed on the things we said we were going to do for our investors, and this positions us, I think, for good long-term growth and as the year goes on and into 2012. So with that, I'll turn it over to Keith to go through the first quarter operations.
Jeffrey Immelt: Great, Keith. I thought I would give you a brief update on Japan where I visited two weeks ago. Our first priority is to support our people through humanitarian efforts, and offer technical support to our customers and we're doing all of those things. We're also providing substantial power generation equipment to help meet the country's needs in 2011 and '12. Financially, as Keith mentioned earlier, we experienced about a $50 million negative earnings impact in the first quarter in Healthcare, Energy and Capital.  Going forward, we see limited supply chain and market impacts for the year. I'd say, it's more or less in balance. It may impact timing but overall results probably won't be impacted for GE for the year.  Again, we're very focused on helping Japan recover and rebound and rebuild, and our teams are working diligently to support our customers in Japan. Now to update the 2011 operating framework. Industrial is about as planned, with Energy, as Keith said, turning positive in the second half of '11. We really believe that acquisition integration, and we're really encouraged by an increase in gas turbine quote activity. We think those factors give us good momentum for our Energy business as we get to the second half of '11 and go into 2012. GE Capital, as Keith reviewed, is improving rapidly, really, in every dimension. And corporate is about as planned. So for 2011, we really see some very solid operating earnings growth. CFOA, between $12 billion and $13 billion, mid-single-digit industrial organic growth. And I would say after the first quarter, we're even more confident in the 2011 operating framework for GE and the outlook going forward. So just to summarize again some of the high points of the quarter. I think capital allocation is key for GE. We've announced our third dividend increase in the last 9 months, up 50% in that time period. The buyback and dividend take priority as we get to the second half of the year. I think we've executed a good acquisition strategy as we redeployed capital from NBC Universal into the Energy business, and we plan to redeem the preferred shares in the fourth quarter. Very solid GE Capital earnings growth, higher margins, we're having good asset growth in target segments. Losses are declining, and the balance sheet is safer and stronger. I think we're in really good shape for accelerating industrial earnings growth. It's positive in 2011, should accelerate in 2012. All the precursors are in place, good equipment orders, backlog growth, good service orders and international growing double digits.  And we're investing to build competitive advantage. R&D is in place. I think, the new products that we're launching are showing up in our increasing order rates. The global growth of 12% says we're participating in the parts of the world that are experiencing growth, and the strategic acquisitions in Energy and Healthcare, I think, really position those businesses well for the long term. So that's an update on the quarter. Trevor, let me turn it back to you, and we can take some questions.
Jeffrey Immelt: I think, Julian, there's a confluence of maybe, 5 factors that are going on more or less at the same time. One is clearly, global growth in the emerging markets, the second is the need to provide more infrastructure as part of the Japan rebuild. The third is lower natural gas pricing overall. The fourth would be wherever the environmental standards end up in the United States. And then I think the fifth is -- and this will be decided by our customers, not by us, is where does the long-term capacity get added vis-a-vis cold nuclear gas, as people add new blocks of power going forward. So I think all those things make us a little bit more bullish on the gas turbine market.
Jeffrey Immelt: That's been the historic pattern, Julian. I think it's -- Energy tends to be a later cycle recovery item. And so the pricing you saw last year was really what played out in the first quarter, and that's historically been the pattern of, I would say, price activity. The good news is...
Jeffrey Immelt: One of the strengths of our Energy business is the supply chain and our sourcing, and things like that. And I think that we're flexible, we're fast and we do a good job on deflation.
Jeffrey Immelt: First quarter is always the lowest for us, total company. And I think Keith was talking more just Energy.
Jeffrey Immelt: And the only thing I would add to that, Terry, is look, I think the major transactions we had planned on doing, we've done. And so dividend and buyback, I think take a higher priority as I look at the rest of the year. So I think that's the way I would -- that's the perspective we have. We liked the deals we did. We think they were opportunistic and strategic, and help our Energy business. But again, I think what Keith said, we feel really great about where GE Capital is positioned. And I think priorities in the second half of the year will tend towards dividends and buyback.
Jeffrey Immelt: But, Scott, I would just add to what Keith said to say, look, we expect this business to have operating profit rate expansion for the year. Productivity cost, our share position is good to improving, and I fully expect Healthcare to have operating profit rate expansion in 2Q through 4Q.
Jeffrey Immelt: I mean, I would say double digit plus operating profit growth and expanding margin rates in Healthcare.
Jeffrey Immelt: Scott, I just think it's too early. We don't have anything to -- if you go back to the Kobe earthquake, right? There was more stimulus put into the overall economy in Japan after that. But I just think it's too early to tell what the impact is going to be.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, I think that's right. The other thing I would say, Steve, is I think we could see a nice increase in gas turbine demand, even with the U.S. demand not being anywhere close to 50% of it, really.
Jeffrey Immelt: You just have a lot of other stuff going on. Iraq, Phase 2, Russia, as Keith said. There's more interest in China today in gas turbines.
Jeffrey Immelt: Steve, I think what we did is we reverted back to kind of the formula we've had in place since 2003, which really set two benchmarks. One was an S&P performance and the other one was a CFOA growth target. So, look, I believe in performance shares. I think it's a good way for CEOs to be compensated and that's really what it says. I think, we'll continue to give you a framework that can spell out what we think we can do, but we want the company to outperform.
Jeffrey Immelt: Jason, I think on the channeling law it's really clear, and been written about by a lot of different people. And so I just, I think, all of the things we've said in the past still hold true today, and we haven't seen any indications that, anything that would counter that, and mainly because I think it is so clear.
Jeffrey Immelt: Look, Bob, I think the engine is 85% complete. We're going to keep a small team in place to continue to work on development, and see where we go in the 2012 budget cycle. Our basic pieces remains the same which is, this saves $20 billion over the life of the program. It's enjoyed bipartisan support for a lot of years. It's a program that's been over budget, and this is one of the ways to get competition back in the game.
Jeffrey Immelt: The overall revenues were up 12% in the quarter. What I would say, Steve, is that the Healthcare business saw a pretty normal quarter with growth close to 20%, I think it was like 18%, something like that.
Jeffrey Immelt: A little higher. Aviation's got an outstanding backlog. And that, I think, is pretty secure. We won a lot of business last year, which will play through. And like I said earlier, the 12th Five-Year Plan really emphasizes environmental investing. So I think we're going to see some good opportunities in our Energy business as we go through next year as well. So top line, I think was 12% revenue growth, and we don't see anything that seems to suggest it should be less than that as we go through the year.
Jeffrey Immelt: Well, I think as the AWEA data came out in January, I believe, we had about 50% market share in the U.S. and then smaller in Europe, and the rest of the world. I'd say in the first quarter, a lot of our deals were in places like Brazil, Canada, things like that. What I've always thought, Chris, is that we really do have the lowest cost and the highest reliability in the industry. And I include in there the Chinese competitors. So we have -- it gives us a lot of strategic flexibility when we look at the space, and so even as the market goes through cycles, I think we approach it from a position of strength. I don't think we have anything in mind today. But if you just look at the landscape -- and we've always had a philosophy of having broad fuel capability, so that we don't have to -- we're in nuclear, we're in coal, we're in gas, we're in wind, we're in solar, we're in a lot of different things. I like our position in gas turbines and wind turbines, and I think it's going to play out over the next 3 to 5 years that those too will have a good future.
Jeffrey Immelt: Nigel look, I think what we want to convey is just confidence in the company, first and foremost, and the fact that for a broad base of investors, the dividend is important. And we think that's a good message to send today. Good confidence in the company, the fact that we've, I think, really effectively redeployed the capital from NBCU, the focus is really on dividend and buyback now. And just the broad importance of the dividend. I think where we're going to is going to be -- we want the dividend to be an effective payout ratio, a good yield, very reliable. And so over time, we're going to get back to an annual dividend increase that we do, that investors can count on and we'll just see how that plays out. But I think overarching, Nigel, I want it to be confidence in the company.
Jeffrey Immelt: Deane, I just don't see it right now. Again, I think what we're -- what we want to do is run the portfolio, the capital and thus, the infrastructure capital portfolio we have, get very well -- execute well in '11, good position for simultaneous industrial and financial service growth in '12 in that portfolio, generate a lot of cash and have a lot of optionality around what we do from a capital allocation standpoint. So I just -- I think, we're going to generate a lot of good cash flow this year. I think a lot of people have asked about the capital dividend. Our expectation is that capital restores its dividend at some point, and that provides additional cash over time. And so I just want to -- we want to execute this play with excellence, and our investors will benefit from that.
Keith Sherin: Well, look, Julian, I'd say that the outlook does feel a little better. If you remember at the end of the year when we met and talked about what the outlook was going to be, we had about 112, 113 gas turbines last year in shipment. We said we'd be down about 10. Today, the team is working on looking at opportunities to maybe, be at least flat, and put some more in the production schedule if we could to be prepared for the growth that we're seeing some incoming orders, activity, inquiries and things like that, that we're working on. Obviously, the Middle East has been very strong for us and continues to be strong. We had one order in the quarter out of the orders we had for gas turbines in the U.S. So I think that, that's an activity that has to pick up as we go forward. And clearly, as Jeff said, we're really trying to help our customers in Japan. There's an awful lot of capacity that's out, and they're trying to put as much power in place as they can to prepare for the summer, and also to deal with the fact that they've got to replace a lot of power. So I think the team is cautiously optimistic about it but the outlook is good. We're ramping up the PSI, our outlook for production a little bit in the business. And for 2011, it might be at least flat, maybe better, and 2012 should be better on top of that.
Keith Sherin: Law of supply and demand. I mean, I think, right now we're still dealing with a place, the global capacity was pretty strong and today, I think the demand situation has changed.
Keith Sherin: Sure. Last year, when we announced the transaction in November, we actually put out a press release that said we were going to have about a $300 million after-tax gain. And we thought it would close in the first half, and then when we knew it was going to close in the first quarter, we announced that. So I think it's been part of what we've had in the framework all along. We had $300 million after-tax as I said, and then that business had about $60 million of earnings a quarter that we won't have anymore as we go forward.
Keith Sherin: And I think the direction, the gap that we saw in Energy quarter-over-quarter, that profile, it's driven by factors that will continue through the year. The renewals pricing, the higher investments in programs and global growth, and then the dilution from the acquisitions. That profile is pretty similar as you go through the year for Energy itself.
Keith Sherin: Well, the profile for R&D for Aviation, R&D plus launch costs has not changed for us for the total year. We do expect to have that ramp up as we go through the year. The R&D actually was less in the first quarter year-over-year than last year, based on some timing issues. But through the year, we expect to see a ramp-up of the GEnx, obviously. We shipped 13 GEnxs in the quarter. As you know, the 787 should be certified and delivering in the third and fourth quarter. And the 747 with the GEnx on it is already just about through all of its certification testing. Engine is done and the plane is still finalizing. And so those are going to ramp up, and R&D is going to ramp up, as we ramp up on the TechX and the LeapX. So I think as you go through the year, you're going to see continued reinvestment in Aviation. But the offset is the strength of services. We feel pretty good about it. We were looking for when are you going to see it last year based on utilization improving, our revenue passenger miles, and freight passenger miles up. And you can see that in the order rate up 30%. We feel pretty good about that order rate, and the outlook from the team is that, that should continue to be strong for us.
Keith Sherin: We're obviously feeling pretty good about the progress in GE Capital. You can see the capital ratios, you can see the pretax earnings growth, you can see some stabilization in real estate. So I think all those signs are good. There are some uncertainties we have, as you know. The Fed will transition to be our regulator in the summer here. So I think the team feels good about it. We've made a lot of progress. We think we're going to be above what the levels are of capital that are required for all the different criteria, but that isn't exactly finalized, as you know as well. And then we've got to transition to a new regulator. So our objective is to, as you know, at a minimum, pay a dividend in 2012, and if we could work on that, and earlier than that, obviously, we would love to do that. But right now, the only thing we have in the plan is that we'll restart the dividend from Capital in '12. But obviously, the progress continues to be pretty strong. And I think it was also encouraging when we saw what the banks were able to do this year between the dividends and the buyback based on their capital and stress case plan. So we're going to work on that.
Keith Sherin: First, let me clarify, we did have about $50 million of increased spending year-over-year in new product launches, about 30 of that was related to our Home Health joint venture with Intel, so that's a new business we've gone into. And also, investments in our Solutions business, the consulting business that we're growing, and providing a lot of help to hospitals as they manage the need to lower their costs and become more efficient. So about $30 million of that's there. And then about $20 million is higher NPI for new products. We launched about 45 or 50 new products in the quarter. So we have just really ramped up R&D globally. Omar Ishrak has got control of the entire business, and he's got a terrific model where we have breakthrough technology, and then we flow that down through the product line. And we're trying to make sure we have products at every price point, as we participate in these global emerging market growth opportunities. So I think in some cases, a couple of years ago, we were behind in MR. We've caught back up, and we've got a great position in CT. And today, I think the team really likes the position we have across the entire product line.
Keith Sherin: Absolutely. We basically have to do our appraisals every year, and we have to adjust, and you see us take impairments when we go through those reviews if we need to, based on current views of asset values or specific customer situations. I did see that there was a write-down on the A320 family for ILC, and I think it might interesting to take a look at the differences in how companies depreciate equipment. Most companies depreciate aircraft in a straight line over 25 years to a 15% residual, and we assume a 20-year life to 90% of our average appraised value, which results in an annual depreciation percent that's higher than what a lot of competitors have. So we feel pretty good about our values, and we did look at what they did and we absolutely feel good about where we are at GECAS.
Keith Sherin: No, I don't have any specific numbers on quote activity in the U.S., Steve. I mean, I think what we're basically looking at is, the dynamics have really changed subsequent to the disaster and tragedy in Japan. You see people canceling their plans to continue development of new nuclear plants. Clearly, coal has issues from an environmental perspective and it's challenging from a cost and technology perspective to be competitive. We've put a lot of renewable energy into the system, especially in the U.S. but globally, and with gas prices where they are, that's a challenge to make that as economic as it needs to be for its financing. And so you come back to what's going to be the power of choice, it's going to be gas. And we think we're well-positioned there. We still have reserve margins here in this country, but as you look at retirements and replacement and then new economic growth, we think the outlook is going to be pretty good. I don't have a specific order quoting numbers, and I don't know even if I had them, whether I'd tell you what they were.
Keith Sherin: On the other exposures, as you said, we had -- we put a little bit up for property damage in Japan, $15 million and then some reserves, $15 million in the CLL business. But other than that, we really haven't seen any direct impact. We've got real estate, we've got commercial loans and leases, we've got Aviation there and we did a pretty good review of our portfolio with the teams. On Shinsei, on the Grey Zone, we have seen elevated claims as part of the Takefuji bankruptcy as everybody knows. Those claims really started to decline after the bankruptcy period closed, and they've continued to decline in April. And right now the trend on claims looks pretty good. However, we're going to have to see how they normalize in Q2 and Q3. But it's obviously hard to determine what are some of the events that drove some of those claim declines in this period, given some of the challenges in Japan. But right now, the trend looks pretty good.
Keith Sherin: Well, positive. I think we're investing a lot in wind, obviously. We're shipping a lot of 2.5-megawatt units, which are a good value proposition. We're doing a lot globally. So we're investing a lot in wind, and we think the business has a future. I think right now we're dealing with just the decline in the U.S. market and the change in margins that we had in that market. But overall, we're very committed to it, and I think you must have seen recently our investments in solar. The announcement that we're going to build a very large solar plant here and have the highest efficiency in the marketplace for thin film solar. So renewables is a big part of the business. I think it's going to be a part of our portfolio, we're investing a lot in it, and we're just kind of weathering this decline in the shipment of the very profitable U.S. backlog and then the replacement of that, in the wind business.
Keith Sherin: Well, just first on the reserves, I think the profile, we'll continue where you see write-offs higher than the new credit costs provisions. If you look at the percent of the new credit cost provision, it's somewhere around 1.45%. That goes back to what I would call more normal historical levels, Bob. So I think that probably is a good indicator of what we could expect going forward, as long as this portfolio continues to demonstrate improvements in delinquency and non-earning. So I think that dynamic will continue. If you look at provisions, new provisions for losses, it's somewhere around that level. The other dynamic that you have is the impairments coming down, and that's going to depend upon how we see the market for the real estate equity book. And as I said, we've seen some positive indicators there. And year-over-year, it's obviously down quite a bit. So I think the outlook is pretty good for improvements and profitability, driven by lower credit losses. You see it in the fourth quarter, you see it in the first quarter, and I don't see any reason why that wouldn't continue. For the total year, how do we feel about it? Obviously, if you look at GE Capital's results, they're better. You take out Garanti, and even if you normalize for not having Garanti's earnings going forward, you're going to see a terrific performance out of GE Capital this year. As Jeff said, we feel very confident about our framework.
Keith Sherin: We used to have a big bump in the third quarter, but I think we've really normalized and are pretty level. I can't think of one thing that's really popped out as a seasonality item today in GE Capital.
Keith Sherin: Our engine actually has been the model engine in the whole joint strike fighter program, which is over budget, not our engine. So it's really...
Keith Sherin: We feel pretty good about the progress here, but we have a plan to continue to run-off the red assets and grow the green assets. And you can see the run-off of the red assets is happening faster than we thought. We've had more success with dispositions. I think that's been very positive and maybe given us a little more room for growth on the CLL side even earlier than we thought. And our investments in the green assets, the growth in CLL volume, the growth in the consumer volume have been very strong. So we're not planning on going below the 440 ENI [Ending Net Investment] target for 2012. We plan on getting there in an orderly way, and I don't see any change to it.
Keith Sherin: It depends on the economics, really. If we believe we've got value on the property, we're going to do what we need to get the most attractive value. And I think our headset on that has proven out over and through this cycle. I would not anticipate large sales at significant losses in the Real Estate business. We believe in our properties and our values, we feel like we're going to be able to recover them on the equity side, and that's coming through. We're also reducing our basis, obviously, with depreciation and write-offs. And we feel pretty good about the outlook. So we'll be opportunistic, but I don't see big sales at significant losses.
Keith Sherin: Well, we haven't really given much of a forecast there. I'd say if you look at the rates in the first quarter, the GE rate x GECS was 22%, x the NBCU gain. I wouldn't expect the rate to be higher than that for the year. There are some -- as we go through the year, other opportunities the teams are working on that may bring that down slightly, but we'll be around the 20%, I would say, for the year would be the estimate today. And on the GE Capital rate at 18% in the quarter. I think you're going to be in the mid-teens for GE Capital as you go forward. I mean, we had a pretty high tax on the Garanti gain. And other than that, the entire profile of GE Capital was a normal rate on the pretax earnings and our benefits, our structural benefits were a little under $400 million, which is probably the run rate for the year today.
Keith Sherin: Not in GE Capital, no. The only restructuring was on the page I covered on other items in the corporate side. A little bit of that was in Capital but we covered it on that page.
Keith Sherin: I don't think so. I think you should think that we have been doing stress tests a couple of times a year. We do have regulators, we're regulated by the Office of Thrift Supervision, in the FDIC. And we do, do stress tests 2 times a year, and we do have to basically think through and be comparable to what the banks go through with their formal SCAP tests. So I would say that we've been through it a couple of cycles now, and we feel pretty good about the process we use and the stress that we put our portfolio through, to make sure that we have enough capital and enough liquidity. But the only difference is that obviously, as you say, it's a new regulator. But we've got a lot of input. We're dealing with a lot of third parties, who are obviously, industry experts. We've hired people from the industry to help us with this, who are on our team directly, who are industry and regulatory experts. And I don't think that, that's something different that could be dramatic as we go forward here.
Keith Sherin: I think the one thing you see happening in our Wind business is we're becoming better globally. We had such a terrific position in the U.S. market. But today, with the market where it is in the U.S., we are really competing effectively globally and that's going to make us a better business. And the second thing, obviously, is the offshore wind business, which is going to grow, and we're investing and we should have a significant position there as well. So as we said earlier, we like our position in wind and we like the outlook for the business. It's just we're working our way through this backlog that was pretty lucrative but the margins on the new orders are lower.
