Larry Culp: Carolina, thanks. Before I close, I'll briefly touch on the real progress we're making on our plan to create 3 independent investment-grade industry leaders. As always, it starts with our team. As we shared at our Investor Day, we've added 3 new Board members: Steve Angel; Bella Goren; and Tom Mihaljevic, who bring deep domain expertise in our key industries. And we're delighted to add to our existing leadership bench, Scott Reese, who joined as CEO of our Digital business, which will be part of GE's Global Energy portfolio going forward. And in Healthcare, we welcome Chief People Officer, Betty Larson, and General Counsel, Frank Jimenez. We remain very enthusiastic about the opportunities these spins will unlock for our already strong franchises as they will help drive greater focus, accountability and alignment with our customers and the markets they serve. We're committed to making sure each proposed company is set up with an investment-grade rating, strong capital and governance structures and best-in-class talent that will position them for long-term success. As you heard from our Healthcare leaders last month, planning work for the spin-off is well underway, and we're on track to launch Healthcare early next year. We've received positive feedback from our customers and many investors. And we have dedicated cross-functional teams working through stand-alone operating and capital structures, governance branding and a range of other work streams to ensure operational readiness. We have more than 1,000 people today engaged in the separation planning work, moving forward with purpose in important areas. We're progressing the carve-out audits. And we have finalized the IT infrastructure and legal entity separation plans. A lot of work has been completed, more to come, but we're on our way. Pete and his leadership team are focused not only on successfully executing the intended spin, but also deeply embedding lean and developing long-term plans to accelerate top and bottom line growth as an independent company. At the same time, GE remains focused on serving our customers. The majority of our teams are fully dedicated to running the business and driving lean improvements to further strengthen our foundation ahead of the spins.  As we move forward, we're confident about our path to create 3 outstanding companies well positioned for the future, with global leadership positions, lean cultures and innovation prowess to solve for the critical needs of our customers. I'm grateful for the focus and dedication of the GE team. I continue to be inspired by their extraordinary commitment. I'm excited about our ability to realize the full potential of these businesses as we move forward. To close on Slide 11. It's been a busy start to the year to say the least. This quarter presented its challenges with rising inflation, renewable energy and Russia-Ukraine chief amongst those challenges. And we continue to monitor additional supply chain constraints and the COVID impacts in China. But we're managing through, focusing on what we can control, and there is a lot that we can control. The recovery in services is a bright spot, with all businesses growing service revenue this quarter as well as strong underlying demand in Aviation and Healthcare. I'm confident that our team is leveraging lean and decentralization, focused on safety, quality and delivery, and taking action to drive growth, price and cost out. And we continue preparing our plans to stand up 3 strong independent companies, focused on growing critical sectors, in Aviation, where we're on the cusp of a post-COVID recovery and new engine ramp with our airframe customers, accelerating our mission to create a smarter and more efficient future of flight. In Healthcare, where we're innovating in precision health to drive efficiency and improve patient outcomes. And in Energy, where we see tremendous opportunity to provide affordable, reliable and sustainable power. Overall, I hope you see what I see, that our businesses are positioned for success as we continue to scale lean and drive innovation, delivering better results for our shareholders today and tomorrow. Steve, with that, let's go to questions.
Larry Culp: Well, I think we start with Healthcare, Nigel. We're clearly seeing more inflation there. And the price cost challenges we've discussed before I think continues to be top of mind. We're encouraged by what we've seen with respect to improved pricing in the order book here of late. That is yet to match up with what we're seeing in terms of price in our recognized revenue. But that will come.  So I think as we look sequentially through the rest of the year, that will be less of a headwind for us as we make that progress. I think we're doing a lot of good work with not only our suppliers, but within our own facilities, to make sure that we're able to match output with demand, right? This is not a demand issue. As you saw, orders in the quarter for Healthcare were up 8%. It really is a throughput dynamic. I don't want to lay all that off on our suppliers. There's a lot that we are doing with them and with our own facilities to improve the reliability of supply.  And things are just backed up. We've talked about this before. I think we're making good progress with some of our larger suppliers, if you will, with our -- many of our A parts. But with the B and C part, that continues to be a challenge. But again, whether it be the redesigns, some of the resourcing, some of the better signaling with them, let alone our Kaizen work in our own facilities, I think we'll see through the course of the year sequential improvement in that regard. So we can get that volume out with better pricing over time. Given this demand backdrop, I think you'll see Healthcare improve through the course of the year. I think with respect to Renewables, what we really want to highlight here is that we're fundamentally taking, I think, a more measured and more conservative posture with respect to the outlook in Onshore Wind. There's, I think, considerable uncertainty with respect to the PTC and other incentives. That is creating a bit of a pause with customers. I think the timing of that resolution is unclear. Congress can, and I believe will, take action this year. But at this point, with the passage of time, I think we know that the orders later in the year are likely to be delayed, if not pushed into '23. That will create some pressure for us particularly from an order, and in turn, a cash perspective.  But that, coupled with the pricing actions, which I'm pleased by, right, because we do need to see improved price in Renewables, particularly in wind. While it's a short-term pause with respect to demand, it's the right thing for the business, and I would argue, the industry. We're taking some of those tough decisions. But if you look at even ex U.S., we saw a high single-digit increase in our pricing moves internationally in Onshore Wind. That's part of the improvement plan. And again, I think something that you'll see play out through the course of the year. But in the absence of that volume in onshore North America, that creates a more muted outlook for us in Renewables in '22.
Larry Culp: Well, let me take the first part of that. Maybe Carolina will take the second part of that. Andrew, I think what we really wanted to make sure people understood here was that we've got a number of pressures, again, inflation. We talked about Renewables a moment ago, and incrementally, the Ukraine-Russia situation. I think depending on the pace of some of these sequential improvements we've just touched on, be it our pricing actions, be it our throughput actions, let alone some of this policy uncertainty being resolved, that could, I think, give us a bit of a lift here beyond the low end of the range.  Clearly, throughput is not strictly a Healthcare dynamic for us. We're really encouraged by the strong order books in Aviation, up 30% overall. As you saw, services up over 35%. But we really have a lot of work to do, again, with the supply base and in our own shops to keep pace with that. So we're working that hard every day. I see a lot of progress. But nevertheless, we are building our past due backlog in a number of areas, and we've got to clear that out. But given where we are today, you see how we're framing the year.
Larry Culp: Deane, I would say that with respect to the macro, again, I think inflation pressures have become more acute in certain areas. And we're working hard to offset that in a number of ways, both from a procurement, from a utilization perspective, let alone on the price side. We can get into that in more detail if you'd like. Again, I think in Renewables, we're assuming a resolution, but probably a late resolution in that regard with respect to some of the incentives here and the clearing of this pause customers are taking in the wake of price increases that we and others are trying to put across. Clearly, there's an inflationary -- between metals and logistics-based inflationary pressure that has picked up in Renewables as well. And then there's just the Russia-Ukraine dynamic.  I think we're really keeping a weather eye out on some of these supply strain constraints, working very hard to offset those, both with our suppliers and in our own shops, right? There's a lot that we can do to, frankly, be a better customer with our suppliers in terms of how we signal what we need and when we need it, if you will, a good bit of pull being implemented now, particularly in Aviation. We're doing Kaizens with our suppliers to help them break bottlenecks where we can. So there's progress probably more with the A parts and the C parts. But we're working hard and keeping an eye out on this while continuing to drive the flow in our own facilities to drive more output where we can. Also watching closely what happens here in China. We know we were hit both from a demand and from an output perspective in the first quarter with the lockdowns, particularly in and around Shanghai. How that plays out? It's not something that we have a handle on. I don't think anybody really does. So those are the 2 things we're watching. But it's really inflation, the dynamics in Renewables in Russia, which are the primary pressures on the range.
Larry Culp: Scott, fortunately, we make very good margins across the Healthcare portfolio, right? It's probably our highest gross margin business of the 4. So when you look at a quarter like the one we just had, where orders were up 8%, shipments were up 2%, we're building backlog. And that's a good thing, normal course. Unfortunately, what's also happening, because we haven't necessarily cleared all the orders we got in the back half of last year, we're also building our past due or our delinquent backlog. That doesn't -- that tends not to carry some of the penalties that you'll see in longer cycle businesses. So we simply have to get that product out, recognize that revenue when we do. And I think you'll see strong impact, both in the P&L and in the cash flow statements.  Again, a lot to do, a lot of work to do with our suppliers, a lot of work we can do within our own shops, which we're doing. It's just hard for anybody on the outside to see some of that progress. But fortunately, again, it's not a demand issue, it's really a throughput issue and that's where we're focused. On the inflationary side of things, it -- there is pressure there. And again, that's why Pete and the team have been pushing price where they can. I think we've seen really nice improvement in the order book in that regard. To get that into revenue, of course, we've got to clear this backlog. And in some cases, that is happening now. We're going to need a few more months, I think, in other cases. But that work, again, is underway. And I'm optimistic, when you put all that together, it's a good part of the sequential improvement we should see in Healthcare through the course of '22.
Larry Culp: Josh, you're right. I mean, we've got a lot of momentum right now in services. Revenues were up 26% in the quarter in Aviation. It's not simply a function of shop visits. And there's a lot we're doing even there to make sure that our own capacity and our supply lines are set to keep pace with this ramp. Again, a high-class challenge to have, demand is robust. But in addition, we're feeding parts and other elements of the service mix to third-parties, which particularly now as people deal with an inventory depletion as everybody is working down inventories during COVID to get ready for this post-COVID ramp, we're seeing some of that spike in certain areas as well right now. So there's a lot of good going on. And again, I think we're -- our primary challenge is going to be to keep pace with the rest of the year.
Larry Culp: Sure. Joe, I think a lot of what we've talked about here in terms of the sequential improvements in those areas that are within our control, really are the most important planks in the bridge to '23. But I obviously start with cash, as you know, and when I think about, if you will, the low end of that $5.5 billion, $6.5 billion guide for cash this year, if we just take the $5.5 billion, it doesn't really take us much to get to that $7 billion figure we've talked about for next year.  Again, I think Aviation is moving forward in this regard. And the AD&A headwinds we've talked about for this year, probably $0.5 billion shouldn't repeat next year. We talked a moment ago with Scott relative to Healthcare and the sequential ramp from here. We think demand will continue to be robust. Again, in this post-COVID world, we see investment both on the private and the public side. So as we clear that backlog, probably carry a little bit of that back into next year, we're going to move.  And I think with respect to Power, you continue to see steady improvement. In all, what we really need out of Renewables is a little bit of the same, right? Not a dramatic turnaround going into next year. So a lot of work to do still this year, but we think we're on a path for '23, along the lines of what we've discussed previously.
Larry Culp: Well, Julian, let me maybe take the back part of that while Carolina grabs Page 112 from the deck in Greenville by a way of reference. I think when we talk about throughput, we're talking -- I mean, implied in that is a productivity element. Now admittedly, we want to make sure in the spirit of SQDC, right, safety, quality first, delivery before cost, that we're getting product out. But a lot of the lean work, again, I think you saw this in Greenville, allows us to create capacity to bust bottlenecks, and do so in a way that isn't throwing a lot of arms and legs at it, that would dilute productivity.  So part of the challenge in Aviation and in Healthcare is to make sure that we're true to that. But I think the lean approach, make sure -- well, it's a focus on productivity, first and foremost. I think you did hear in the prepared remarks us talk about the fact that we need to adjust the cost structure in Renewables to the new realities that we're dealing with and some of these uncertainties. So Scott's in that business, I think, 100 days, give or take right now. But he and the team are taking a hard look at where those opportunities are to deal with some of the cost buckets that are clearly in need of review. So that work continues, very much spooled up on that. But again, in the spirit of priorities, we want to make sure we're clearing the supply constraints as best we can and working the purchase cost and the price side of things probably with more energy.
Larry Culp: Steve, thanks. I would just wrap up here by highlighting the fact that our teams continue to deliver for our customers in what was clearly a difficult operating environment. And we're laser-focused on positioning all of our franchises, all of our strong franchises for the long term. And I'd just like to wrap by thanking our employees and our partners for their hard work and our investors for their continued support. We appreciate your interest, your investment in GE, in your time today. Of course, Steve and the IR team stand ready to assist you as you consider GE in your investment processes.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: And maybe to sort of -- specific on the second half there. So basically, if you think about it, the beginning of the year, we talked about the orders, and as Larry mentioned, sort of what Healthcare would have been, so we are expecting that growth to come in the second half where we see the orders now. And we also have a seasonality before the first half and the second half of the year, as you know. So there's a big growth of volume and profit and cash just the seasonality through the second half. And I don't talk to that sort of the strengthening of the organic growth that we're seeing through Healthcare. But actually, also within Renewables, we have a second half where we know that the orders in the second half on onshore wind U.S. and a couple of customers are also better, so that will also improve the second half numbers.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. And if you just compare sort of the EPS range and the cash flow range, what we're commenting on is we're saying that our guide is at the low end. And that goes for sort of both KPIs. I would say from a risk opportunity perspective, there's less risk on the cash flow side than on the EPS side.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. Sure. So what we are seeing -- well, we've talked about the Q1 and the pressure that we see there. So what we are seeing and what we're expecting is that it continues through the second quarter. But then, that it starts to ease. And you sort of see the impact of that, I would say, through the businesses, with Aviation being able to sort of ship all the engines that they want towards the second half. We also see, I would say, especially on Healthcare, I mean, 9% organic growth if we've gotten everything out that our customers wanted. So we are expecting that to come towards the second half as well. And that will then obviously impact both profit and cash. If you look at the Renewables side, it's probably more of a sort of slower trend there, highly impacted by the inflation. We do have, as I mentioned earlier, sort of good orders with reasonable margins in the second half. So we have a positive mix also first half to second half, which isn't necessarily inflation. But sort of as we continue to work through, that would also improve. I would say, Power probably least impacted there. We do have a dynamic that we know of that with our backlog, we have more deliveries in the second half. And that's also why we expect to have the, I'm going to call it, typical seasonality, as we saw it last year as well as Power with lower first half volumes versus second half volumes. What I would say, we expect to go through all the businesses through the year and get sort of stronger momentum, it will be price. So the pricing actions that we're working through, especially in the longer cycle businesses, you sort of start to see improved pricing in the order side. And Larry mentioned that earlier today, that even if you take Onshore Wind International, which is an important area for us to increase prices, we actually had high single-digit pricing, for instance, in the first quarter in orders. So as the orders translate into sales and revenue, we'll start to more impact from pricing as we go through the year. I would say pricing cost as a balance for the year, we expect it to be negative. But we do expect it to be offset by the other actions that we're doing in productivity and restructuring.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Steve, thanks for asking 2 questions there. If I start with the working capital, we expect, even at the low end of the guide, to be -- to have a positive impact from working capital. As you know, in 2021, we had a good $2 billion of positive flow of working capital, and we expect that to be an even higher positive flow in 2022. I would say, if you look at it part by part, we still expect high single-digit growth. We expect receivables to be under pressure, where we would expect inventory to improve, and basically the other places of working capital also to be a positive flow for the year. So we would expect that to continue to improve in 2022 as well. And thank you for coming back on the 2Q question. I think I missed that one from you, Andy. Sorry about that. So if we talk about the second quarter where we are, Larry spoke about what's pressuring the first quarter. So clearly, we continued to see that into the second quarter as well. We have the inflation. We have Russia-Ukraine. And we have the renewable situation. And we have the back-end loaded second half as we usually would have.  I would say though that there's a lot of good things going on as well, especially the aviation return to flight as we expect that to continue to ramp through the year as well as I talked about the power part as well. If we look for the second quarter specifically, working capital will have the typical seasonality, and that means that 2Q is pressured by working capital. So overall, for the second quarter, we are expecting low single-digit growth, some OMX expansion sequentially and a free cash flow that's better sequentially but still negative.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. And when we talked about 6%, so that's the impact on the top line. And 5% of that is from supply chain, and we said 1%, we attribute to sort of the China and the Russia situation.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: And actually, Julian, I vividly remember that slide so I didn't even have to look it out because it's really about how we get from our profit, from sort of 4.6 to where we go in 2022. But just start with the first quarter because you asked about that as well. So in the first quarter, we did see positive price, but it did not offset the cost on inflation, even net of the cost actions. But we do expect that to improve through the year as the pricing impact continues to get larger, but also as our work. And we talked about it in 3 different categories. We talked about sourcing actions, we talked about productivity, and we talked about restructuring. So if you take for the full year, I would say, what we say now, price cost we thought would be basically flat. But what we're seeing now, inflation is strengthening, and therefore, we expect that to be a negative net. But we do expect to be able to offset that with the productivity plans that we have as well as the current restructuring that we've talked about. Another big important part to grow the profit is going to be on the volume side, which we also talked about then. And we are saying high single-digit, but the low part of that, that still means reasonable growth. So that's going to be a good important part of how to get to the profit number for the full year.  You asked if we're not doing anything more or what are we doing on productivity and restructuring? What we tried to talk to earlier today was that each of the businesses are going through their plans, both on productivity and how to sort of right-size their organization. So I would say, as we're speaking, all teams are working to increase those numbers and increase the actions since they're also seeing the effect of inflation.
