Steve Winoker: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning and welcome to GE’s first quarter 2020 earnings call. I’m joined by our Chairman and CEO, Larry Culp; and CFO, Carolina Dybeck Happe. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that the press release and presentation are available on our website. Note that some of the statements we’re making are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our website, those elements can change as the world changes. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Larry.
Steve Winoker: Hey. Thanks, Nigel. We are at the bottom of the hour. So Brandon, we're at the bottom of the hour. So we can just take one more question.
Steve Winoker: Great. Thanks, everybody. I know it's a long call and a busy day. So if you need more, just reach out to us and best of luck.
Lawrence Culp: Jeff, I think if we look at the service backlog, right, broadly just under $325 billion for the company. The vast majority of that, $234 billion is in Aviation, and I suspect that's where you're most focused. We go through those backlog reviews and the CSA reviews on a regular basis. What we've done here over the last - call it the last seven, eight weeks is really tighten and quicken the review process that we do with the businesses both at Aviation and at GECAS. What we're trying to do is make sure we've got the latest, and if you will most accurate information possible with respect to customer risk given everything that's going on. So we do that on a regular basis. We did that at the end of the first quarter in closing, much as we do every quarter. Clearly, we've got a - we've got a fluid situation and I think the modest charges that we took, the modest changes in the first quarter clearly are going to play out as we go through the course of the year. We can't really scope that for you today. If you look at the CSA book in Aviation for example, as we went through the mechanics of the future billings, the future costs related to those billings, based on the information at the time, it was really just $100 million adjustment, non-cash of course, which is why you see a little bit of the earning cash dynamic. Certainly, as we go forward, we're going to be updating those adjustments. And again, we would expect that we would see more of that given what the airlines are doing with their planes. But I think it's important to keep in mind. Again, these are 10- to 15-year agreements, as you know, and those adjustments are taken in the context of that particularly extended time period.
Lawrence Culp: Yes, Jeff, I think that we took guidance off the table a few weeks back and didn't want to take an attempt at framing formal guidance here today in light of all of it is fluid and all of it still evolving here. I think the tack we took was really to try to share as much with you as we possibly could in terms of the April detail business by business and acknowledge that we're going to see a more challenging second quarter here given the full impact of COVID and the like. But beyond that, I think that's really where we are. We know we've got to get to work on the cost and the cash actions. That's why you see us doubling that activity in Aviation, stepping it up elsewhere around the company. So the $2 billion of costs, the $3 billion of cash will clearly help us later on in the year as those actions take root. But today, I think that's really what we're -- that's what we know and that's what we're comfortable sharing.
Lawrence Culp: I think what we're seeing here - yeah, I think this is what we're seeing right now, right. And given what the carriers have said publicly what they're doing. We think these are good likely near end run rates to share with you. Again, we're not trying to offer up a definitive view as to the next several quarters. But this is -- this is what we're seeing right now in the second quarter for sure.
Lawrence Culp: Andrew, we were ramping spares with both the LEAP-1A and the LEAP-1B as the narrow-body market was taking off, typical early in the life of an engine activity we are clearly seeing that soften, not necessarily going to zero as preparations are being made for the return to service of the MAX, right. I don't think that opportunity is lost. But I think like much of what we're seeing in Aviation broadly, it will be pushed out for a few years. And again, I don't think we're taking a definitive view as to what year or what quarter things get back to, if you will, a normalized 2019 level, but we recognize the discussions out there about this being a multi-year recovery, gradual, slow. I think we're embracing that reality and that applies really across the portfolio both on the OE side as well as the aftermarket, spares included.
Lawrence Culp: Sure. Well, I would say, Scott, as you well know that when we're in a mode like this, you're moving as quickly as you possibly can almost anywhere that you can. So if you look at what we've announced at Aviation, the doubling of those activities today, the broadening across the company. If you look at the tally today there is a decidedly short term bias there that Carolina and I are going to be working with the CEOs over the coming weeks to transition to a more permanent action, right. If you look at what we did in Aviation, for example, in terms of the temporary lack of works that was a way to quickly adjust our cost structure in that business on a variable basis to these shockingly fast changes in demand. You might categorize that as temporary. We need to work through the changes on a more permanent basis that are required in light of the length of the recovery that we're looking at. So we have confidence in these -- in these numbers that we're sharing today, the $2 billion of costs, the $3 billion of cash. There is a bit of a tactical bias today just given how fresh this is, but we will be leaning in toward making more of them permanent recognizing though at the end of the day, there will be a bit of a mix, be it head count related discretionary spend on the cost side in addition to some of the working capital and certainly the CapEx reduction that Carolina referenced, the 25% reduction year-on-year. So a lot going on, and by no means is this - these headlines today the end. It's very much a work in progress.
Lawrence Culp: Well, we, it did come at a at a good time there is no question, that's why we put the emphasis in the BioPharma set up on certainty, right. We want to take the market risk off the table relative to thinking through the healthcare options. Carolina, anything you want to add relative to kind of managing liquidity versus leverage right here? I think with...
Lawrence Culp: Well, Josh. Certainly we have - we have revisited the history. The team is well versed in what we have seen in years past. I'm not sure we've seen anything kind of on par with this, but there is no question that there is going to be a bias on the part of some as some of these fleet reductions play out to retire some of the older aircraft, and that will factor into the - to the aftermarket, much like some of the dynamics around green time and how here in the short term folks try to preserve cash, carriers who try to preserve cash in their business. So I'm not sure that there is necessarily an exact model that captures what all the carriers and aggregate are going to do here, a model that offers great precision. I think we do know that the combination of these factors is going to create pressure for us -- for us here in the short term. I think what's most important for our business really is cycles, much more so than revenue passenger miles. And as we see schedules come back, as we work our way through the pandemic that will, that will put us back on, I think, better footing. But here in the short term, I think we're acknowledging that we're going to see shop visits and CSA billings take on some real pressure due to the downturn.
Lawrence Culp: Steve, I think we have admittedly been focused on taking the right actions both the cost, the cash, the balance sheet actions here in the short term in the face of this unprecedented pandemic. We've taken guidance off for the year. We're not putting it back on today, just given the -- given the undo -- uncertainty of it all, right. So I don't -- I don't think we're trying to get out any further than that. I appreciate the question, but I think for purposes of today, we're really just trying to the frame for folks what we're seeing. But that said, however long it takes us to work through this, I think we feel very good about our ability to come out stronger and get back on a positive cash flow growth trajectory.
Lawrence Culp: Yeah, I think what we have said previously is we were going to be down off of last year from an expense and from a cash perspective. I think we're probably going to end up more or less in line, right. Keep in mind that some of the cost actions like furloughs don't carry restructuring charge with that, right, because they aren't permanent. So part of what we're trying to do is squeeze out some of the temporary cost, but all the while, if we can -- we can make more structural moves, we want to make sure we've got room to do that, but I'd say right now assume that it will be relatively flat year-on-year, but as Carolina indicated in her remarks, we want to try to do more if we can.
Lawrence Culp: Well, I think that given what we highlighted relative to the April experience and the near-term projection of that, there's no question that we're going to continue to see the pressure on cash at Aviation that we've seen here of late, right, and that will be our -- undoubtedly, our biggest headwind.
Lawrence Culp: No, no, no, there is plenty of planning for, again, an extended slowdown here. We're embracing this reality to the fullest extent possible. We are not expecting this to bounce back in the near term, so we flagged in the Q, the IATA numbers, we also reference others. You see it in our own departure data here in April, right. We are way down. That has a direct feed into shop visits, CSA billings and the like. So we're adapting to this new environment. Confident that it will recover, but Markus we're simply not trying to assume that the pressure abates anytime soon, witness the cost and the cash actions that we're taking.
Lawrence Culp: I'm not sure we would buy into the premise per se, right. I mean we are cycles business much more so than any other indicator and those cycles are going to have to come back before the passengers do. As you indicated, the age of the fleet will help us over time. There could be some short-term headwinds, but we'll see how that plays out. I think I what we're acknowledging here is that we've been hit from a free cash perspective in our -- kind of our biggest and best cash generator at Aviation, but we're really not getting into much more in terms of the free cash forecast on a multi-year basis. It's just too soon. There's just too many moving pieces for us to be that forward leaning at this point. We wish we could be, it's just -- that's just not where we are.
Lawrence Culp: Yeah. And I -- but I think to that, I mean, it's just important for us all to remember we ended the quarter with $47 billion of liquidity on the back of the BioPharma action and some of the other things that we have done. So we'll continue to be nimble and flexible, mindful of our obligations and our reality.
Lawrence Culp: Julian, I would say - Yeah, with respect to working capital, I think our primary challenge is really inventory at Aviation, right. We came into this year knowing we were going to have to adjust to a different schedule with the MAX chasing the step up at Airbus with the 320 Neo, while dealing with a good bit of past due on the commercial side both OE and aftermarket while having pretty good military demand to contend with that all gets reset here. And one of the real pressure that we saw from a cash flow perspective was in inventory at Aviation in the quarter. So that's where we're going to be most focused, trying to make sure that we reduce the delinquencies, adjust to the production schedules, to lower aftermarket requirements, while continuing to take care of the military business. That's a complex supply chain undertaking, but the team, as you can imagine, is keenly focused on using some of the lean tools, working with our supply base to make sure that we not only take the cost out of the business, but bring those inventory levels down in light of current demand.
Lawrence Culp: I understand the high level dynamic there that you're alluding to. I think right now the simple reality at Aviation, given the pressures in the cross currents is that it is a negative and we need to work to improve it, how much of tailwind could it be kind of at this point in the cycle. I think it's too early to tell. We've got to get on the improvement path first, Julian, to be able to take that potential and deliver it in the financials as a reality.
Lawrence Culp: Well, I think you have to take it business by business, right. If you look at what happened in Power, clearly the push out by customers, because of their own site restrictions and by us on the back of the travel restrictions really pushed a lot of high margin revenue out of the quarter and probably out of the first half. That was on top of some cost pressures of our own making which we need to improve upon. But I think, in Power, I believe that the team is doing a very nice job working off the so-called inheritance taxes, driving real cost improvements. You see that in the head count reductions here in the first quarter. And as we get to a more normalized service environment, I think you'll continue to see that turnaround continue to take flight. I think in Renewables, Julian, it's a different dynamic. Yes, we had phenomenal revenue growth in the quarter, doubled the onshore turbine deliveries here in the U.S., got a little bit of a -- little bit better price, got about a point of price, which is encouraging to see,. But, it is by nature, a very low gross margin business. So the growth is in high-calorie unfortunately. We had a few what we figure one-offs, but they're not one-off until they go away permanently cost and execution issues, all the while the turnarounds in Hydro and Grid are, I think, moving forward, but its early days and they have a number of inheritance taxes that will take a few years to work through. So I think the cost actions that we have talked about today will accelerate those turnaround in Power and Renewables they're dealing with different dynamics in their respective businesses. And that's really why I think I have the confidence to say that you should expect the decremental margin sequentially to improve. The restructuring and the cost actions should present themselves in improved decrementals in the back half, but we've got work to do to make that to make that happen.
Lawrence Culp: Yeah, I think what -- I think what we're trying to share this morning, Nigel, is that probably three things. One, we've been very -- we've been hit hard and fast here, right, in some of our most important highest margin businesses, be it Aviation and Services particularly Gas Power Services, PDX and Healthcare. We think that that gets worse before it gets better, particularly here in the second quarter with a full effect. It's uncertain as to how things play out from here. We're going to acknowledge that uncertainty, hence the pulling of the guide, but we're not going to sit back and hope that it all passes. We're not going to take the view that we've got a sharp re-bounce coming. Hence, the $2 billion of cost actions we've talked about and the $3 billion of cash actions. We're going to do everything we possibly can to control our destiny here without impairing the long-term value and the long-term trajectory of our company. So we're telling you what we know today. We wish we knew more, but that is really the state of play right now and the approach, the head start that we're taking to it.
Lawrence Culp: Well, we certainly -- I think the key thing here to keep in mind, Nigel, is the big iron certainly got hit the lower ticket both the lower price points, be it patient monitors, ventilators and the like, certainly got quite a boost. But it's a small part of the business. So there is a little bit of mix there, but not a lot. It was really more a function, frankly, of the team doing a nice job more broadly, recognizing that absent BioPharma we needed to tend to the core cost structure in all its form in the ACS business right. We've been growing Healthcare, Biopharma leading the way. We got some good margin support from that business the last several years. Well now as we think about $17 billion core, the teams really I think put their sights the last couple of quarters on growing that business, growing it with accretive margins, and it's really the cumulative effect that I think you see a bit here in the first quarter before we got hit. They got hit a little bit later, not as much. You'll see more of that unfortunately here in the second quarter. But I think you've got a team who thinks that like many other med-tech companies, they can grow mid -- or low-to-mid single-digits over time and put more digital into the mix. Better cost that should give us the opportunity to grow with accretive margins along the lines of what Kieran laid out in December. And I have no less conviction about their ability to do that today than we did when we made that presentation. Again, mindful that we've got some gyrations here in the near term to deal with.
Lawrence Culp: Deane, maybe I'll take the first part of that and perhaps Carolina can take the second. I think we are mindful -- ever mindful that there will be a recovery, right. And we want to be well positioned for it. It's going to be very good business for GE for decades. But I think we are really trying to again embrace our reality and take the cost actions in the aftermarket business and more broadly at Aviation mindful that we've got a period of time here of an unknown duration, but it's not going to be measured in months, right, where that business is going to be under considerable pressure. So after a period of time as the aftermarket has grown as it has in the last decade, this is going to give us an opportunity to rethink -- to consolidate all the while mindful of our obligations to customers. The nature of how the footprint has changed, the changes that are probably still coming. So there are a number of variables. It's very much a work in progress as well, but I think we've got line of sight to build on some of the temporary actions to take permanent action to make sure that we have a lean cost structure with adequate capacity to come out of the downturn here well positioned to perform both for customers and for investors.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. I think it's important to acknowledge that the world is different now compared to before COVID and it's very important for us, of course leverage is important, but liquidity is very important and we end the quarter with $47 billion cash right and that's really to cover $18 billion of GE and GE Capital long-term debt maturities now through '21. And actually, after the April actions we are down to $13 billion of maturities for '20 and '21, almost all of that in capital. But I would also say, we expect to have around $20 billion in total credit lines going forward and that's really in line with our risk appetite. We have the new $15 billion three year RCF that I mentioned and $5 billion turnover will be on a $20 billion of credit lines. And I think, we just said that you know, we really intend to maintain a high level of cash, I would say to maximize flexibility, and that's why we're taking these actions also to de-risk our balance sheet and basically prudently manage our liquidity in these very challenging external environmental times.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Well, no, I think it's important to acknowledge that by taking out cost now and part of it being structural that gives us sort of as well as mitigating the decrementals that helps improving the incrementals. The outer years, I mean that will depend on the recovery on the industries as well, so that I would say almost impossible to speak to today.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: On the parent support to Capital on the insurance let's --yeah, let's take a step back then. So in '19, the Capital had an infusion from GE of $4 billion right and the estimate for this year is $2 billion on insurance funding and those $2 billion -- they're significantly lower than before. We estimate that the parents will need to roughly in line with this. Some variables are still open and that depends on GE Capital itself right, to GE Capital earnings, the LR2 capital and the assets liquidity level, but those gets about $2 billion as it looks now and I would also say, going forward, it is pertaining your follow-up, we do continue to anticipate further funding and that would be, again, through a combination of GE Capital itself, either asset sales, liquidity and their future earnings and on top of that possible capital contributions from GE.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: I would just add that -- to the leverage comment also the liquidity that at times like this, you do look at the liquidity and I think it's important to say that we really want to maintain a high level of cash to maximize the flexibility and you have seen the de-risking activities that we have made to sort of push out the debt into further years. So we keep optionality.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yeah, you were right because I actually mentioned that in my, in my notes -- in our backlog, which was flat sequentially and up 22% versus prior year, that did include roughly 200 LEAP -1B unit orders cancellations in the quarter. What -- I would say on the progress, refunds are very small so far. And on top of that, we also have GECAS, right. So we have GECAS cancelation of 69 aircrafts in April. So that will be reflected in the second quarter revenues and backlog.
