Jeffrey R. Immelt: Thanks, Jeff. We have a few adjustments to the 2015 operating framework. We're increasing the low end of the range with new expectations of $1.13 to $1.20. So far this year, organic growth and margin expansion are trending towards the high end of our expectations, and we expect this to continue. We're still planning for our transactions to close by the end of the year. The Verticals will remain on track for $0.15 EPS, and the accounting around Capital exits are consistent with our plan. We think it's likely that the Synchrony split occurs this year. GE Capital asset sales closings are tracking towards $100 billion of ENI, and we expect signings in excess of that number. Free cash flow is on track for $12 billion to $15 billion, and we're hoping to expand the GE Capital dividend based on faster asset sales. And just for perspective, Appliances represents about $2 billion of the dispositioned cash. We've showed a range of $10 billion to $30 billion of cash returned to investors. Our capital allocation plans are on track. And if Synchrony occurs this year, we will be at the high end of this range. So the GE team is executing. Despite managing a substantial portfolio pivot, our operating execution remains excellent. We're gaining momentum towards our long-term goals, and going forward we can give investors strong Industrial EPS growth while returning significant cash through dividends and buyback. And we've created a premier industrial company, well positioned to win in this environment. So, Matt, let's take some questions.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Scott, I'll start and then let Jeff also add some perspective. I think our expectation always was that we could hold margins as we went through this process. And you've seen that so far this year. I think going into the cyclicality in oil and gas, there were a number of, I would say, inefficiencies already in the industry. So I think there were good productivity opportunities from the start. We'll take out $600 million-ish of cost this year. That will be more next year. So we've been able to do a good job on cost. And I think the combination of those things and the mix of businesses we have I think gives us a perspective that we should be able to hold on margins going forward despite a more challenging market.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: It was a result of an agreement when the initial JV was set up. It hit a life span that spanned many years, and in the second quarter, we and Comcast agreed to settle that arrangement, if you will. It was $450 million in the quarter as we talked about, about $0.03 after tax. The accounting around it has it in continuing operations, the accounting doesn't push it into discontinued operations. So it's just a function of how the accounting works.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Because we moved the whole Lake operation into discontinued operations, and including the liability that we had with Shinsei associated with it around the guarantee and the runoff of that book.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: We had a contiguous piece of NBC as a result of this JV operation that was in continuing ops, and we just settled it. And it's always been there.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: So Steve, again, we're constrained on what we can say. I think the proposal is confidential, and it's not final really until the commission evaluates and make a decision. What I would say is that we proposed a remedy that addressed their concerns while preserving really the strategic and economic rationale that I reviewed with you guys in the past. And look, we still like the deal for the company, and more news as the process goes on. But we like the deal, and it's consistent with the things economically, that we've talked about as the rationale for the deal.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Deane, I'm just not going to go there. I think we like this deal. It's our intention to really close the deal, and that's really where our stand is. So let's just leave it at that.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: So let's see, Deane. I'd say the – if I just gave you a kind of half to-date, on China, the orders are up 15% and the revenue's up 12%, that's kind of, let's say, first half 2015 versus first half 2014. And then if you looked at some of the growth regions from a standpoint of orders, I'd say Latin America and Middle East/North Africa, those places are hanging in there. We're certainly seeing pressure in places like Russia and ASEAN countries. But I'd say the strength is the diversity of the portfolio, and it's our expectation for the year that these are kind of ex-FX, probably high single digits, mid to high single-digits on the growth regions for the year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Again, excellent work on the AGPs, I would say, Julian, continues to be robust. I think just the overall mix and usage around gas turbines is high, as there's an incremental shift from coal. So those remain two big drivers I think of power gen services. And I would say DP services, despite the new unit being softer in distributed power, the distributed power service business has done very well in terms of upgrades and service performance. So I think they had another good quarter and are pretty well positioned for the rest of the year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Again, I would go to the mix of businesses. Turbo machinery and downstream continue to be reasonably strong. Surface, as Jeff said, is the most challenged. So I think the mix of businesses helps give us a little bit more visibility than maybe some others.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: No, I think organically earnings are definitely going to be up, and we expect a team with restructuring, and the fact that the U.S. market is doing better, we expect earnings growth in the second half even without FX.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Look, I still think, Nigel, the industry is forming, so I think there's still volatility around oil price. I think we've taken a lot of costs out. I think everybody's learned how to compete at lower prices for oil. So I'm very confident in our ability to execute on the cost side. I would say the repricing is still de minimis, so we're not seeing massive headwind from that. And I just think it's one of those that we're going to have to continue to give you updates on where the market is. But I just think we can manage our way through this.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I think the timeline right now is in early to mid-September, I believe, is where the timeline is, Nigel. And I think that's probably a pretty good timeframe.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Look Andrew, I think that there's a certain amount that I think is going to be in play in that regard. I don't think that is a recent phenomenon. I think that started back several years. And so there remains in the oil and gas business a real opportunity to drive better system efficiency between suppliers and the IOCs and the NOCs. And we look at this cycle as a good opportunity for us to drive efficiency.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Look, in our world, technology matters. And so if you look at the Aviation business, if you look at locomotives, if you look at gas turbines, if you look at Healthcare, we have a great lineup of technologies that are quite robust. And in the end, that's the way you can gain good market position and margins at the same time. And then on the service side, I think our analytics are starting to play through both from a pricing standpoint and also from a productivity standpoint. So that's another example of technology, and what it can drive. So I think...
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Great. Thanks, Matt. Again, I think you guys see the portfolio taking shape, and the hard work we've done. But I really want to call out the great execution by the GE team in the quarter. I think margins, organic growth, cash, GE Capital portfolio re-positioning, the GE team really did a great job of execution in the quarter. So Matt, back to you.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: The only thing I would add is that $1 billion cost-out target for 2016 is absolutely critical to me. There's no question that although we've not repriced any of the existing order book, there's no question that new orders are going to be challenging from a pricing perspective. That's why all the work around restructuring and product service cost is so critical in terms of profitability and operating margins. So the team is executing ahead of plan. We feel really good about their ability to execute on that cost roadmap that we've laid out with them.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So if you think about it in terms of deals that Keith and the team have signed, right now we're roughly – excluding real estate, we're about 5%, a little over 5% ahead of the fair values we used on the April 10 call over the baseline, if you will, for the Hubble. So so far I think we're doing better on price than that baseline. Having said that, because we're accelerating the sales of these portfolios and franchises, that means the earnings that we're going to enjoy over what we thought the whole period was going to be, is shortened. And so right now I would say those two things more or less offset each other. Better on price for what we signed so far, but we're selling them quick and we'll earn less as a result of not owning them as long as we thought.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So here's how I think about it. I mean generally speaking if we didn't close Alstom, the impact in 2015 would be pretty de minimis. It would not have that big an impact. I think we told you that we were expecting Alstom net of everything to be about a $0.01 a share in the year. So on Appliances, obviously the framework included the gain associated with Appliances. And we pick up a couple more quarters of earnings than we had anticipated that will offset part of that. And then we'd relook at what we're doing around restructuring. Right now we're talking about $0.12 of restructuring, and we'd rethink about whether we're going to do $0.12 of restructuring. So that's how we're thinking about the framework for the year.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Yeah, sure, Shannon. So as you know, mix was actually a good guy in the first quarter. It was negative during the second quarter at 70 basis points. For the half, it's negative 10 basis points. As we said in the first quarter, we expected mix to turn around a little bit here in the second quarter, and in fact it did. And you're correct, part of that is the higher GEnx shipments and it's also a function of higher wind shipments and lower distributed power quarter-to-quarter. So that's what happened on the mix line. Value gap got substantially better. Value gap in the second quarter was about $193 million. It's $221 million for the half, so up substantially from $28 million of value gap in the first quarter. And we continue to deliver cost productivity on product and service. And so the second quarter, we had 60 basis points of margin improvement in the gross margin line, and then 70 basis points at op profit. So the net of simplification and other inflation added 10 basis points below gross margins. So that gave us, first half of 70 basis points improvement in the gross margin line and 100 basis points at op profit, so those were really the dynamics. I think mix turned around like we thought it would, versus extremely strong first quarter, and value gap got substantially better.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So I think what we said earlier in the year is that we thought mix would be plus or minus for the year. And I think we still feel like, based on backlog and what we expect order shipments to look like, for that to be roughly correct. I said value gap for the year would be roughly as it was in 2014. 2014 was about $300 million. We're a little ahead of that run rate here through the half. We'll see how that plays out. Price has been pretty good actually, both in Power & Water and Aviation. So that's how I – I don't think the framework is changed materially from what we told you earlier in the year.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Well, I think, we're hopeful that as we move through, and Keith and the team close these $100 billion of transactions, that that 11.4% Tier-1 common rate is going to move to 14% and beyond. And for them to be in a position to dividend as money this year, we need to be above the 14%. We have a few other moving pieces we're working. We have a stress test we got to do, et cetera. But we're hopeful that we can outperform the $500 million, certainly, they've given us so far. And we gave you a range here of $0.5 billion to $7 billion in April 10, and I think we're kind of still in that range.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Yeah, I would just add, Jeff, that we're kind of in the cycle now where the developed markets are stronger than...
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So in the U.S. in the second quarter we were up 10% on orders. I talked about Japan being up, ex-FX up very strong, up 86%. And Europe was actually up 4% ex the effects of exchange. So the developed markets seem to be getting a little bit stronger and the developing markets are certainly much more mixed.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So we think we have a number of opportunities to increase the amount of restructuring to get ourselves positioned for 2016 and beyond, particularly around competitiveness. As I said earlier, if for some reason we didn't close Appliances, we may take a harder look at that. Of the restructuring we spent in the quarter, about $140 million of that was in Oil & Gas, and we see very good paybacks around that. All the projects we're working on today are all inside of the 1.5 year payback kind of benchmark that we've shared with you over time. The nature of the restructuring has changed pretty dramatically, though. There's about – less than a third of what we're doing today is SG&A related, and more like 70% – 75% of it is product and services. We really focus on gross margins in products and service cost competitiveness. So I think we're on track to invest at very good returns and restructuring this year, and they're critical to delivering not only the year but setting us up to deliver on 2016 and beyond.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: It's a change for the year that we planned out in restructuring and other charges. It's about $40 million in the quarter pre-tax, so it's $20 million after tax. It's not a big item.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Some of it's timing. Services across the board were pretty challenged here in the quarter. I would say the biggest driver, as you would probably expect, has been surface. Orders were quite weak around pressure control, well performance solutions. Lufkin was down 40% in the quarter. So that's really where the challenge is. But each one of the businesses had a challenge around service in the quarter.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I'll just do a quick run through. So service is up 17%, as you referred to. Jeff talked about 39 AGPs in orders in the quarter. That's up 20 versus last year, very strong. But distributed power services were up 27%, and regionally orders were very strong. In the Middle East we're up above 60%. And ASEAN, China, the combination of ASEAN, China, and India was up 38%. So very strong in the quarter, and we like where the business is heading for the year as well.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So at the moment, in total about 67% of sales in the third and fourth quarter are in backlog. As you would expect, subsea and drilling were closer to 85% in backlog, TMS much higher, downstream technology about 80% backlog. So the business that's got the biggest and closest to a flow business is surface. Surface got about a third of their second half revenue in backlog. So we think we're in pretty good shape here for the balance of 2015.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Now, I think what we have going on in Healthcare, they've got a real price challenge. Price sequentially is down over a point. They've continued to get base cost productivity. Where we need them to focus is on product and service margins. So it's not necessarily a mix issue. You're absolutely right, life science and bioprocess continues to grow. What we need to get at is product and service costs within the core HCS business, and that's what we're focused on driving.
