Larry Culp: Carolina, thank you. Let's turn to Slide 9. Our teams continued to deliver strong performance. We are especially encouraged by our earnings improvement, which makes us confident in our ability to deliver our outlook for the year. You've seen today that our transformation to our more focused, simpler, stronger, high-tech industrial is accelerating. We're on the verge of closing the GECAS - AerCap merger, a tremendous milestone for GE. Stepping back, our progress has positioned us to play offense. We just wrapped up our annual strategic reviews with nearly 30 of our business units. This compliment our quarterly operating reviews, but have a longer-term focus as we answer two fundamental questions: what game are we playing, and how do we win it. These reviews were exceptionally strong this year across the board with the most strategic and cross-functional thinking we've seen in my three-years. Enabling us to drive long-term growth and value across GE, while delivering on our mission of building a world that works. We're positioned to truly shape the future of flight with new technology for sustainability and efficiency, such as the recent catalyst engine launch, the first clean sheet turboprop design entering the business and general aviation market in 50 years. Touching a billion patients per year, we're delivering more personalized and efficient care through precision health and combining digital and AI within our products, including our new cloud-based Edison True PACS to help radiologists adapt to higher workloads and increase exam complexity with improved diagnostic accuracy. Through our leadership in the energy transition, we're helping the world's the trilemma of sustainability, affordability, and reliability from launching new tech platforms at Renewables, such as the HalioDx in Cypress to our recently announced flexible transformer project with the Department of Energy, to growth in the world's most efficient gas turbines. To be clear, we still have work to do. And as we do it, we're operating increasingly from a position of strength, serving our customers and vital Global markets with a focus on profitable growth, and cash generation. Our free cash flow will continue to grow towards the high single-digits percentage of sales level, and we have an opportunity to allocate more resources on capital deployment to support GE's growth over time. Steve, with that, let's go to questions.
Larry Culp: I would say just to the second question, the simple short answer is no change whatsoever relative to our expectations with respect to high single-digit free cash flow margins, right? When we talk about that, let's just take for simplicity sake 8% on a revenue base akin to where we were in 2019, right? That pencils out on an $85 billion to $90 billion revenue base to say $7 billion of free cash. That's really going to be on earnings, lower restructuring spend, and better working capital management story. Clearly, from a profit perspective, that's going to be an Aviation-led dynamic healthcare right in behind it, and then we still anticipate that we turn Power profitable, and we get a couple of billion dollars of profit from Power. You deduct, call it, $1.4 billion for corporate, but you get close to it, let's call it, $10 billion of op profit, convert that to net of interest and taxes at 90%, you get that same $7 billion figure. So we think we're on our way, but again, the short answer is, no change.
Larry Culp: I think that's right and as you would imagine in an environment like this, we're really working the value add, value engineering the more traditional cost action aggressively. We're working with the supply basis feverishly as we can, both on availability and on costs. That said, as Carolina was alluding to on the price side, we're doing all we can in the shorter-cycle businesses, it's a little easier, say in Heathcare, where we've got more like-for-like, we can see those price actions. We're beginning to see some early traction. Their services is a bit mixed but where we have opportunity, say, on spares and within the escalation frameworks, within some of the longer-term service agreements, we're obviously going to get what we can there. You spoke to projects. I mean, that's a little bit more bespoke, but it -- while it's difficult to measure price like-for-like, we are managing the margins with some of the longer-term procurement efforts that Carolina alluded to. Just more broadly on the backlog, and what's important to remember when you look at what is what? 380 billion of backlog, 70% of that's in Aviation. Virtually all of that is in Services. So certainly a competitive space, but between the catalog, pricing dynamics and some of the escalation protection, we think we're we're well-positioned, but we take nothing for granted there outside of Aviation, the backlog is also in services where similar dynamics apply. But again, limited pressure net-net in '21, building headwinds for us next year, we've got time to work, both the cost and the price counter measures. And as Carolina said, I don't think we've got a higher priority operational here in the short term than those two.
Larry Culp: Again, I would say with respect to the aftermarket, I think you highlighted some of the keys for us. Very pleased with the shop visit activity being up 40% in the third quarter better than we had anticipated. I think we were calling for up 25%. We will see sequential improvement. It's not going to be as pronounced year-to-year here in the fourth quarter. Probably it's going to be up call it 30. In October thus far, we're off to a good start in terms of underlying activity. All of that has been coupled with, I would say robust spare part demand from third-party providers. If that coupling up, if you will volume and value that are going to set us up for a pretty good second half here and going into next year. We're working through supply chain challenges here, bit material, bit labor, as we are everywhere else. I think we're positioned here, at least as best we can see. I'm glad you highlighted the lean improvements, rather than just throwing a lot of bodies and a lot of capital under the bridge, we really are trying to work the process, we also [inaudible 00:47:11] from the team and services understand that very well, which is why we highlighted some of the turnaround improvements that we did in our formal remarks. You go back to, I guess what was technically the second quarter, but middle of June, John Slattery in concert with our partners at Safran announced the CFM RISE program, which really is a multi-generational technology investment program to make sure we're on a path be it with sustainable aviation fuels, be it hybrids, being hydrogen to be in a position to maintain the industry leadership this business has enjoyed for decades. So there's a lot to come. We're going to be spending and we're going to be spending smartly in and around those areas to launch technologies that ultimately transition into product programs as our airframe or an airline customers deem appropriate. So a lot going on short term and long term but again, we really like where Aviation is particularly with departure trends and the outlook here in the near-term.
Larry Culp: Sure. Sure. Andrew, let me let me take a swing at that. I would say that again, we're really pleased with the progress on both the deleveraging and the operational improvements. We still have to close the transaction, worked through the follow-on debt reductions, but to be in a position to have line of sight now on what will be a cumulative approximately $75 billion debt reduction over the last 3 years allows us, I think, to look at the Balance Sheet and begin to think about playing more offense and take advantage of the strategic optionality that we have been looking to build and grow. That goes hand-in-hand with the underlying improvements, some of which I would argue you see in these numbers, others, like what I saw on the shop floor and Lynn a few weeks back, you don't see yet, but which I think gives us confidence that more improvements in terms of top line, bottom line and cash are forthcoming. And all that really does is, I think allow us to both invest in the business more aggressively, organically and inorganically. That's why we were so excited about the BK Medical transaction, admittedly small, but the strategic logic behind it, the value-add operationally, our $3 billion high-performing ultrasound business will generate. And the high single-digit returns we think we will have in time that's what we should be doing more of in concert with what we're going to do organically. All of that really sets us up, I think, Andrew, to be in a position to really realize the full potential of these wonderful businesses in the GE portfolio. There are host of ways that could play out over time. But first things first, we've got some business here with the GECAS and AerCap merger to work through. We've got these operating challenges to navigate through the fourth quarter and going into next year. But I really do think we're increasingly operating from a position of strength. I like where we are, in time we will realize the full value of these businesses.
Larry Culp: Markus, I think the other part of your question was really with respect to the steam generators for nuclear applications. As you will appreciate, our focus continues to be on running that business as well as we can for our customers. Recently, we did acknowledge that we are in discussions with EDF regarding a potential transaction. If there's an opportunity to create value, we'll certainly pursue it. But if you step back for a moment, I think we are of the view that nuclear overall has an important role to play in the energy transition. We know the French government is strongly of that view. They aren't alone. I was in the UK last week where we had similar conversations, particularly in and around advanced nuclear technology, particularly in the case of the small modular reactors, which we know can provide carbon-free, dependable baseload, and flexible capacity as we move forward here. So we've got a lot of capabilities in and around nuclear, really the whole nuclear life-cycle. So we don't talk a lot about it, but it is part of the Power framework for the energy transition and one we'll continue to manage as best we can going forward.
Larry Culp: Joe, let me take that. I think with respect to the U.S. market for onshore wind, we do see a step down here going into '22, probably stepping down from say, 14 to 10 gigawatts. It's not yet set in stone because these conversations are active and underway in Washington given all the legislation under review that run up to COP26 and the like. I think what we are incorporating in our commentary here today, Is a more pessimistic perhaps, but updated view relative to the very near-term. So in the absence of those incentives in the short term, we're going to feel pressure both on new unit orders and in repowering. So some of that impacts cash, some of that impacts margins relative to repowering installations this year. The good news is, this is all part of a long-term extension given the administration's commitment to the energy transition, to the role of both onshore and relatedly offshore wind in that transition. So if you take the decade long view, the impetus or the imperative for us is really to manage these businesses better, to generate better margins, operating margins. But in the short term, we've got some additional pressures, just given the reduction in demand that will follow the uncertainty around the tax incentives. And they hit us hard because North American market the U.S market, is clearly the best onshore wind market for us on a global basis.
Larry Culp: Nicole, I've talked to some of those CEO s. Some of those CEOs are friends of mine. I'm not sure we're yet it a place where we would say that things are stable. We may have line of sight, we may have improvements in one commodity or in one business, but almost without fail. The next day, a commodity, a supplier, a logistics provider that we thought was good for the next 6 weeks or the next 6 months, offers up a revision to that outlook. So I think I've used a phrase I probably shouldn't, but I'll repeat it and it really is [Inaudible 01:03:23] playing whack-a-mole. By business, by commodity, by geography, it just seems like every day there's new news to battle with. I couldn't be more pleased with the way our team is navigating all of this, both in terms of availability and cost. We've got new procurement leadership in a number of businesses. We're really trying to make sure that we are true to our lean imperative of safety, quality, delivery, and cost in that order. We don't want to have a short-term band aid that costs us long term. But it really is a tactical, muscular endeavor right now that we're working our way through. You've heard others, you've heard some of the key suppliers talk about electronic components are likely to be at least a 2, 3 quarter challenge, maybe longer. That's important for us in certain businesses and certainly in some of our higher-margin businesses. But we're working through it. It's probably more challenging than I've ever seen in my career. But we'll work our way through it. Things will level out in time, and I think that given this was an area where we wanted to strengthen our operational capabilities, while it's more challenging in the short-term, will be better for medium and long term.
Larry Culp: Andy, for sure. And it's not our style to try to build back a better headline here. But that's 9 points of real pressure given the supply chain issues that Nicole was just probing us on. And again Carolina mentioned that the Ford ventilator effort a year ago for the HHS was a significantly tough [inaudible 01:05:48]. But if you look at the 19% orders growth, if you look at what's happening both in the public and the private spheres. Plus what we're doing increasingly, both from a commercial and from a product perspective, we talked about the opportunity to take this business from a low-single-digit grower in the mid-single-digit range to grow margins in the 25 to 70 basis points over time. I've got more conviction about our potential to do that than I did a year ago. Just off a UK trip where I had some quality time with a number of our business leaders over there, our PDx business in particular, lots of good things going on. We've got a CEO transition here in the offing that we're excited about Karen Murphy is doing a heck of a job with that business. Pete Arduini coming in is very much committed to those types of expectations. He's certainly coming because he's excited about the potential that he sees across the GE Healthcare portfolio. So we wish it weren't as Mike you have a camouflaged headline here, given the supply chain issues, we'll work through it and just feel like this is a strong business that will get stronger over time.
Larry Culp: Steve, I know we're over, but let me just -- if I may to take a moment to thank our employees and our partners around the world for what are truly extraordinary efforts here given the pandemic and the recent challenges. My thanks go out to everybody. We're operating from a position of strength today. I also want to thank our investors for their continued support. We certainly appreciate your interest, your investment in our Company, and your time today. Steve and the IR team, as always, stand ready to help and assist in any way possible as you consider GE in your investment processes.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: So Julian, maybe let me start then. You talked about the 2022 remarks that we made. Like-for-like, we expect industrial free cash flow to step up. We expect our business earnings to improve. We expect that through top line growth and margin expansion that will turn into profit, which we then believe -- well, which we then we'll say go to cash, right? Then if you look a little bit outside of earnings, we do have a couple of significant cash flow items to think about. We have mentioned the supply chain headwinds that we think will continue into next year. So that will hamper both on the profitability, but also on inventory. And then we have the headwind of AD&A. We talked about that in this year, it's going to be more positive, but it's going to be a big headwind in next year. And this is really only a timing effect because of when customers expect to deliver the aircrafts, right? And overall, my last comment on industrial side would be, if you look at working capital, with that growth in mind, we will need some working capital to fund the top line growth, right? But on the other hand, we also expect to continue to improve working capital management, for example, in receivables, and to some extent also to inventory. Within that, we do see improvement in linearity as possible as well. So that's like-for-like on the Industrial side. If we then add the consolidated capital of basically what's left of capital then consolidated in like-for-like, we expect it to also increase. And the increase on top of that would mainly been driven by the lower interest that we will see from debt reduction. So we are confident in the overall growing trajectory, both investor like-for-like as well as including capital.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Thanks for the question, Nigel. Yes, so it is a factor. So we did do the testing on the LRT, and we had good news I would say as expected. And when you have a positive margin that means no charge to the P&L, and the margin was 11% positive, which is significantly higher than what we have seen. It was mainly driven by the discount rate increase. It increased from 5.7% to 6.15%. And I would say that increase was really driven by asset allocation and really our plan to increase the amounts allocated to growth assets, where we’re going from 9% to 15%. The other variables had, like morbidity, mortality, inflation in premium, they were a small impact. We're really happy with that. And your question then on top of that sort of for the CFT, so the CFT or the cash flow testing, that is what decides if there is a need to add cash to the insurance. I would say like this, it's not one-to-one. The variables are similar to LRT, but they are used under moderately adverse conditions. I would say the modeling will happen beginning of next year as usual. We will look at our investments portfolio realignment and the changes factored into that model. We also look at the future cash flow, but it could have some adverse effect because we're using more granular assumptions. But I would say overall, the good news from the LRT bodes very well for the CFT, but it's not one-to-one.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: If we start with inflation, I just want to reiterate that of course we hit by inflation, but it's a bit different depending business by business. We have the shorter cycle businesses like healthcare, where we are feeling the impact faster than the longer cycle like Power and we have sort of Services in between. On the longer cycle ones, they are more protected because of the, I would say, the extended purchasing and production cycles. We are seeing the main pressures on commodities like steel, but also logistics pressure is increasing, right? Specific to 2021, we have felt inflation, but so far we've been able to offset it, and we expect the impact for the full year to be limited in '21, the net impact. For 2022, we do expect to see significant pressure, and I will say top of list priorities for next year. And we're taking both price and cost countermeasures.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Okay, so if we start with the Aviation and the margin and you talked about margin going into the fourth-quarter. So what we are seeing, and I think an important add on the third quarter is that we say shift clearly towards services. So in the third quarter we had 20% growth of services while equipment was down. These better makes also tilt toward external [inaudible 00:49:37] to see the drop-through. And Larry talked about higher shop visits of 40% up year-over-year. We also saw the strong third-party sales up around 30. For the fourth quarter, we have this [inaudible 00:49:53] as you know, that we don't expect it to be as high for the fourth quarter. So we could expect to continue from the third quarter into the fourth quarter with the sequential improvement and overall that's how we get to our low double-digit margins for 2021. We haven't specifically said exactly what the profit is in the fourth quarter for Aviation, but with all those pieces you piece it together. For 2022, you asked about Aviation free cash flow. I would say a couple of things. You're right on the AD&A. It is a timing issue, so we'll have a big headwind next year on the AD&A side. But what we do see is we expect to return to fly to continue. So we will expect to see basically utilization being driven, which means more hours flown which means higher billings on our [inaudible 00:50:44] You know the cash comes before the profit, so we do expect to have really good uptick on services and the cash flow. So basically on the CSS side. Then, yes, AD&A will be a headwind, but on top of that, we also have the profit that we will see from more shop visits. So overall, the mix of that gets us to a positive place. I think it's mainly the services, and the CSS, but it is a big positive.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Joe, let me let me answer that. So I think it's important to take a step back. And if we look at jumping off point for 2020 for free cash flow for the full-year, the free cash flow, excluding factoring and biopharma, we were on 2.4 billion in 2020. If you take a midpoint of our guide now and you add back the factoring, you get to 5 billion for this year. So just to put in perspective, we're going from last year, 2.4 to midpoint of 5 billion this year. So we're doubling the cash flow for 2021. We're also seeing linearity improvements in 2021, which is part of the reason the fourth quarter not being as unlinear as it has been before. After the range that we have, they're basically two main areas that bring us uncertainty. One is on the supply chain challenges and the other one is the PTC pressure that we then expect to impact progress. Well, that's what's exactly meant for the fourth quarter. Well, we'll have higher sequential profit and we expect to see free cash from the market improving and some of the usual seasonality. But it would still be down year-over-year. The supply chain challenges you'll see some earnings, but also through inventory. It's going to be lot stack and wave that isn't going out. And then for the full-year fourth quarter last year, you remember we had big Renewables progress of a billion so we don't expect that to happen this year. And then I also previously talked about the Aviation settlements and Cares Act as positive one-offs in fourth quarter last year. To take that all together, that's how you get to the fourth quarter, and importantly, how we get to 5 billion of jumping off points or free cash flow this year, which is really important proof point and step to our high-single-digit fee margin journey that Larry talked about a little while ago.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Hi, Markus. Let me start by talking to the restructuring then. First of all, Instron, which is now part of the Power Segment and also run by Scott. We have Valerie and her team working through the restructuring there. I would say they are on track, it's a big restructuring. We do expect margins to turn in 2023 and basically have the restructuring to temper down by them. And then the business is going to be 2 third services going forward at a significantly lower overhead cost, which is what you were alluding to. So we see good traction but we're still in the middle of it. So again, it would take time until 2023, but then we'll have a very different business with the high service element and lower overheads.
