Jeffrey R. Immelt: Thanks, Jeff. Our operating framework remains on track. We expect the operating EPS to be $1.45 to $1.55. We're remixing the Industrial content; and all other dynamics remain on track. Cash performance has improved slightly based on the Appliances' disposition that we expect to complete in the second quarter. Overall, free cash flow and dispositions will equal $29 billion to $32 billion; and we expect to return $26 billion to investors in buyback and dividends. The GE model is producing for investors in this volatile economy. The strength of our portfolio will deliver strong EPS and cash growth. We're executing well with Alstom. Before we end, I wanted to give you a sense for how we've aligned the team's compensation with investors. For 2016, our AEIP goals, in essence our internal plan, is above this framework. And for 2016 to 2018, our LTIP ties to the three-year EPS and capital allocation walk we showed you at the outlook meeting. I feel great about our strategy, execution and the strength of our business model. Matt, now over to you for questions.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I would only add to that, Scott, two things. One is, if you look at the reason for the designation. Our proposal aligns with that in terms of why we don't think we're systemic today; and the other one is just miming what's been said in public. I think people want to see the process work. In other words, I think they want to see that people can come out of SIFI designation just like they can come in, and that's really parroting what people on the FSOC have said.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Again, I still expect, in backlog, that you're going to start seeing this flow through. AGPs will be up year-over-year. And we had some good wins in both the Rail business and the Transportation business for the year. I think when you look at orders growing by 29%, we think some of that is going to start echoing through into the run rate of the service business in the second half of this year, into 2017 and 2018. So I still fully expect, along with the service leaders in the business, to have organic services growth at 5% or greater as we look at 2016 and beyond.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Steve, I would say we've underwritten Alstom with no gross synergies at all. We're clearly going to blow that away, okay? I just think, as Joe went through, HSRGs, Grid, things like that. But I would also say even in – I just got back from a week or so in Asia. Even in steam power, there are going to be opportunities for GE as we look at the future. So I think that's the way I'd think about it. It's locking down the cost, what Jeff and Joe have talked about. We didn't underwrite any revenue synergies at all, and I think that's going to be the icing on the cake as we go forward.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I think the hypotheticals are always stuff to stay away from. I think the reason why we had Joe here today is in many ways this is the answer to your question. I mean, I think you got the right product at the right time, well executed, tough comps in the first half, strong comps in the second. And I think if we run the play in gas turbines, it's going to lead us to an organic revenue for the company that's 5%, let's say, in the second half and a range that's 2% to 4% for the year. So I think that was the reason really why we had – Andrew, why we had Joe here today is that this really is the plus and the minus, if you will, on the year; and I feel good about how we're executing in the Power business.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Shannon, we have a product cost counsel that's led by Jeff and Vic Abate and Philippe Cochet. We're tracking all our products as they go through the system. There's a lot because, for instance, as LEAP comes in, GEnx keeps going down the learning curve. So we have a flow of products that are going on inside the company, and I think we just have the line of sight to how, in totality, we're going to generate improvement year-over-year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I'd say, Nigel, I would echo with what Joe said. The Alstom pieces I think give us a window that's greater than what we had anticipated even before we completed the deal, which I think is quite a positive. And then, Jeff, I think the first question was there's no change on really the mix on gross margin.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I think the way I would look at this, Rob, is this was a system deal that allows us in kind of the LED space to do a better job with controls. So I would view this as kind of a one-off from the standpoint of this was just a very unique technology that had a very good fit with doing these systems. Now kind of what Jeff said in the past, so what Beth and the rest of the team has said, we're going to get this year some very big LED orders from commercial real estate people and things like that. So we're going to be at a run rate that's substantially over $1 billion. But the Daintree control fit has really allowed us to build a system, and this was a classic make-versus-buy call that just allows us to accelerate...
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Yes, Scott. So we're the first through the process, okay. So I wouldn't say there's a ton of definition around how the process should work, per se. We are in discussions with the FSOC. They've got our paper. We will walk them through the tenets of our paper. We're in the process of doing that over the next couple of weeks. And then we expect to get a response from the FSOC around the request, and we hope that happens sooner rather than later.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I think the page that Jeff walked through which showed cost productivity and gross margins as a 40 basis point drag, I think what you've got to – I talked about the effect of remeasurement and marks in foreign exchange when I went through results. A lot of that finds itself in gross margins. If you adjust for that, cost productivity was actually up 40 basis points; and that's how you get the 80 basis points of gross margins, excluding the effects of that foreign exchange. And I didn't say it earlier, but when we look at how those marks and remeasurements peel off over the year against the contracts that they're hedging, about two-thirds of that, of those contracts, settle up in the form of cash in the year. So we would expect two-thirds of what we took as a charge here in the first quarter to come back within the year. So that's why the cost productivity line was a negative 40 basis points. Without foreign exchange, it would have been a plus 40 basis points.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So a couple thoughts here. Let's start with the results in the quarter. They reported $308 million of operating margin in the quarter. That included roughly about $90 million of negative FX. And again, as I said earlier, a big part of that FX we do expect to come back during the year. When you think about the step-down 30%, we're seeing it tougher across all our segments, but it tends to be very concentrated in our Surface business in North America. We got a big step-down there versus our original expectation, and a bit in our Subsea business. The rest of the business, whether it's turbo machinery, downstream, or the old M&C business, we call digital today, those businesses are not that far off the framework we've built when we guided you to 10% to 15%. It's really around Subsea and Surface.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So the way we planned it out, as you saw in the cash flow walk that Jeff took you through, we bought $6.1 billion worth of stock back through the first quarter. Our plan is to buy back roughly 50% in the first half, 50% in the second half, and that's how we're still planning for the dividends to flow from GE Capital, no change versus what we suggested we would do.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: We have a few things. We expect to close Appliances in June, so you'll see the gain associated with Appliances, let's say, roughly $0.20 a share. We expect to do about $0.11 of restructuring in the second quarter as we stand here today. And I think the margin rate in the second quarter, based on LEAP, both launch and initial shipments and H, will get better sequentially every quarter on H cost. I think the margin rate will be a little bit of a challenge in the second quarter, no change on how we think about it for the year. We talked about 50 basis points of improvement in the core business or the ex-Alstom business, I should say, no change in view on that. But the second quarter could be a little bit challenged with what we've got going on with the LEAP, the H and the wind launch on 2.X and 3.X.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I don't think we've gone through that. Here's what we've said, Shannon, is notwithstanding the challenge that those present to us from a margin perspective, where despite that through all the investment we've made around restructuring, SG&A costs, the focus on supply chain that we're going to overcome those costs and grow margins roughly 50 basis points in the year ex-Alstom. As we move through to 2017, we expect to be in a very different place on H costs. We think H will be really accretive in 2017 versus 2016. We expect to get deeper down the curve on the LEAP engine, as volume ramps in 2017 versus 2016. And we expect to be in a better spot certainly around wind, both the 2.X – 2.X is the most important product in 2017 versus 2016. So we haven't detailed out by product exactly what that is. But everything else we're doing around trying to change the cost footprint of this company and around product and service costs within gross margins and running a better supply chain is going to provide us enough headwind to grow margins notwithstanding those incremental costs on those products.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I didn't understand that that was the question. But yes, (1:00:42) launch for the year – with the launches, but that's all wrapped up in our 50 basis point margin improvement.
