Rahul Ghai: Thanks Scott. With the spin just around the corner. First quarter will be the last time our reporting combined GE results, including GE Aerospace and GE Vernova. For this first quarter, we expect high single digit revenue growth driven by GE Aerospace. Adjusted EPS of $0.60 to $0.65, more than doubling year-over-year, driven by profit improvement and the absence of preferred stock dividend and free cash flow growth in line with net income growth. Our 2024 annual guidance reflects each business operating independently for the full year, incorporating standalone and other impacts that each will incur separately. I'll now hand it over to Scott and Larry to share the overall GE Vernova and GE Aerospace guides. And we will provide further details for both businesses in March. Scott, back to you.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, just to, Ken, just to add a couple of dot points to that response. As Larry said, departures are up 6%. We are entering 2024 with some catch up to do on our shop visits. Given the supply chain challenges in 2023, we could not get as many shoppers as completed as we would have liked. So as we enter 2024, given the demand outlook, given the increase in traffic, we are expecting our shoppers, it's to be up kind of low double digits to mid-teens. And adding to what Larry said on scope and pricing that pushes our revenue from shop visits kind of towards the higher end of the teens. And then spares is growth kind of moderates. And the spares growth will be below that of the shop visit growth. But you combine all that you get to that mid-teen services growth that we just mentioned.
Rahul Ghai: Sheila just to add to that, on the free cash flow, part of your question ,we've, 9X has been a headwind on free cash flow, even in 2023, as we started bringing in inventory to start shipping this year, as Larry said, towards the back half of this year, so it will continue to impact our free cash flow negatively, to some extent, but it's not a material driver overall, as you've seen greater than $5 billion of free cash flow for 2024, including absorption of the corporate pension and the interest expense. So that you saw, so still feel pretty good about the free cash flow for 2024. And the 9X is not a material driver of the free cash flow for the year.
Rahul Ghai: Sure, Andrew. So if you look at the first quarter guide, Aerospace is going to start the year strong revenue up mid-teens with the commercial growth rates in the first quarter kind of in line with what we are projecting for full year. And the margins on a business as usual kind of pre all the standalone expenses, we do expect margins to be flat to slightly up for the first quarter on a year-over-year basis for Aerospace. For Renewables, as Scott said there will be profit improvement during the year. But that improvement will be more backend loaded. As we start converting the higher margin Onshore wind orders that Scott referenced in his prepared remarks. We start shipping those orders that we got in ‘23 into the second half of 2024. So there's a bit of lag between order to revenue conversion. And so the renewable improvement will be more backend loaded, the first quarter for renewables will look a lot like the fourth quarter for renewables. So think about roughly in the same zone. And for Power, typical seasonality with low single digit growth, some margin expansion year-over-year in the first quarter. But just one other point I want to make on the first quarter is that given the both Vernova and Aerospace themes are fully staffed up to become standalone public companies, and we are operating with a very, very small corporate staff. And the historic corporate expense will now be fully absorbed in the two businesses, and the corporate expense in first quarter will be effectively zero. So majority of that expense going to Aerospace and the balance to Vernova. But the way to think about first quarter margins for both companies is just as we think to after absorption of incremental cost. And just given in line with the reported margin guidance that we provided for full year. So that's the way to think about the first quarter margins.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, sure, Seth. So, listen, let's start with a really strong ‘23. Right, $01.3 billion of growth, 90 basis points with margin expansion, and better than what we said back in March, right. And we were expecting $5.5 billion of profit flat margins year-over-year. So the 2023 is shaped up a lot better than what we initially expected back in March. As you look forward to ‘24, I know you kind of skipped over that here. But double digit profit growth in 2024 with the OE ramp 9X introduction, kind of pressuring the margin rate. But it is exactly the step that we had thought in our minds and how 2024 would look, when we were sitting back in March, right. And we had said, 24 will be a step along the way to ‘25. Now, as we get to ‘25, the biggest driver to profit growth between ‘24 to ‘25, will be the benefit from top line improvement. And that is in line with what we've previously said pricing that offsets inflation and productivity. But mix will continue to be an issue in LEAP OE volume ramps, LEAP services ramps, and even though LEAP services become profitable in ‘24, it's still a margin headwind, and then 9X volume ramps in ‘25, as well. So if you think about ‘25, recall, we had said $7.5 billion - $7.6 billion to $8 billion of profit on the current GE reporting, which translates to roughly about 20% margins, and layering in about $0.5 billion of standalone public company expenses, EH&S costs all the other things, we're thinking $7.1 billion to $7.6 billion of profit for 2025, which is in line with what we said back in March, just adjusted for the incremental expenses. And we'll come back to that and talk more in March.
Scott Strazik: Thanks Rahul. GE Vernova is building momentum expecting substantial profit and free cash flow growth in 2024. We see solid organic growth with revenue between $34 billion to $35 billion, up low to mid-single digits from 2023 and adjusted EBITDA margin at the higher end of the mid-single digits range, up from low single digit EBITDA margin in ‘23. Supporting this outlook is continued price, productivity and benefits from restructuring efforts. A few highlights. We expect Gas Power to remain strong with continued services growth and low double digit margins. Onshore will continue to improve significantly achieving high single digit margins on roughly flat revenue from better mix, price and cost out. Offshore will continue to execute our current backlog with slight year-over-year improvement. Finally, Grid will expand to mid-single digit margins, primarily from higher volume and price. Our guidance assumes roughly $200 million of standalone and $100 million of other ongoing carveout costs. When converting from this year's expected operating profit margin for Power and renewables combined to adjusted EBITDA margin for GE Vernova including these costs plus D&A, the difference is roughly $0.5 billion or 1.5 points. On free cash flow. We expect $700 million to $1.1 billion from higher EBITDA and better working capital on a standalone basis, which includes absorbing our portion of the GE Pension. Given the multi decade secular talents and stronger financial trajectory ahead, we are excited to launch GE Vernova and partner with our customers to lead the energy transition forward. With that back to Larry.
Scott Strazik: You bet, Joe. At the start, I mean, we're proud of the $600 million of free cash flow that we generated with Power and renewable segments in 2023. Now, as we get to an apples and apples basis, we need to back out from that reportable free cash flow $600 million are standalone and carveout costs of approximately $300 million in addition to pension and some variables we are working through with taxes that will all be clear in the Form 10 filing in the middle of February, jumping off of that starting point, we expect to see real EBITDA growth that will drive free cash flow, whether from low single digit EBITDA growth to the high end of the mid-single digit EBITDA range that we're talking about, in addition to working capital, continuing to be a source of cash that drives us up towards that $700 million to $1.1 billion, a positive free cash flow at turnover. Now, the real drivers of the variability in that range come down primarily to two things. One is Offshore wind execution, and how quickly we install the wind turbines in both the Atlantic and the North Sea, proud of the fact that we've got 14 megawatt wind turbines in both cases connected to the Grid today. And really, the EDF timing of the transaction closes on steam as the two largest variables for us on that $700 million to $1.1 billion guide. But with a lot of confidence that we go into ‘24 expecting to see substantial improvement off of 2023.
Scott Strazik: You bet, Rahul, thank you And, Julian, I think to your point to begin with, we had a big SunZia order with Onshore wind in the fourth quarter across Grid. There were a number of large HVDC orders with tenant and as an example, and you can expect in every year and any quarter specifically that we're going to see those types of transactions. So those we don't expect to see a repeat in ‘24 versus ‘23. But with Onshore wind, as an example, our largest renewables business, we see our customers actively investing and replenishing their project book right now. I mean, they really utilized all the projects they had prior to having clarity on the PTC. And we do think the orders profile in ‘24, much like the revenue and shipments profile will be more back end loaded than first half loaded and Onshore wind, but with very active individual projects, orders are going to be more flattish than up in Onshore. On Grid, the one point I'd make is, although we aren't going to expect as much in large HVDC orders to the extent we had with tenant in 2023. The reality is, even if you back out the HVDC orders in Grid, our second largest renewables business, our orders in Grid grew by over 20% in 2023. Power transformers as an example, a business we don't talk about as much grew orders by 40%. And we expect to continue to see that strength. So there may be less headline orders of the magnitude of SunZia or the tenant HVDC projects. But there's a lot of healthy demand across renewables that we expect to continue into 2024 that contributes towards our free cash generation continue to be greater than 100%. And that's significant free cash flow growth that we just talked about.
Scott Strazik: Andy, you bet. I mean, if we go back to our original guide in ‘24 going back to March, I mean, we're largely in line with the expectations there. But if we take a step back, Gas Power stronger than our expectations in March. Onshore Wind and Grid are both stronger. And to your point, we talked today about Onshore wind being high single digit margins in ‘24 and Grid being mid-single digit margins. Now, Gas has already gotten to low double digit margins, and will continue to accrete, but Offshore is tougher than where we were in March. And that's challenging a little bit of that strength in our three largest businesses with Gas, Grid and Onshore representing about 80% of our revenue today. But also taking into account that tough Offshore backlog, we've got two more years to execute through that. So when you think about our three largest businesses continuing to be stronger than where we were, while we really reduce our Offshore backlog from $6 billion to approximately $4 billion and approximately two years to go. We see a clear pathway in ‘24 to accrete margin. But also then to continue to accrete our margin beyond as we liquidate the rest of the top economics with Offshore in ‘25. And then find the oxygen to really share with you some of our smaller businesses we don't talk about as much. But you heard Rahul mentioned earlier, the fact that our digital business returned to profitability. And we're really excited about some of those areas like Grid software, that we'll share more with you when we get to March 6. So those really are the key dynamics of ‘23 to ‘24. And looking a little bit further out than even that.
Larry Culp: At GE Aerospace, we're also excited about 2024. We expect another year of solid revenue growth, at least low double digits, including mid to high teens growth in commercial, which includes high teens growth in engines and mid-teens growth in services. Mid to high single digit growth for defense and systems, including our propulsion and additive technologies business. On our current reporting bases, the guidance implies $6.6 billion to $7.1 billion of operating profit, improving double digits at the midpoint of the range. On a standalone basis, including roughly $600 million of corporate and other standalone cost. This comes to approximately $6 billion to $6.5 billion of profit and applies flat margins year-over-year given the growth in LEAP , initial 9X shipments for the 777X platform and other growth investments. For free cash flow, we expect to generate over $5 billion, which remains well above 100% conversion, including standalone impacts. Our teams are looking forward to sharing additional insights in detail with you at our March Investor Day. In closing, 2023 was an excellent year. GE Aerospace drove double digit growth and GE Vernova delivered substantially better results. Both are on track for continued growth in 2024. While our sights are on the future, we're proud of what we've accomplished with over $100 billion in debt reduction behind us and $7 billion returned to shareholders in 2023, we remain fully focused day in and day out on using lean to improve how we serve our customers and deliver value for shareholders. Underpinning all of this is the GE team. My sincere thanks to all of you for the important work you did in 2023. I've never been more confident in the path ahead. We've created industry leaders that will carry GE’s commitment to innovation and continuous improvement while grounded in vital missions. At GE Aerospace, inventing the future of flight and at GE Vernova, electrifying and decarbonizing the world. We're ready to go. Steve, over to you.
Larry Culp: Myles, I think from a from a CES or commercial engine and services perspective. We're going to see engines lead the way, engines will be up high teens plus, I think you're going to see services in the mid-teens area. Specific to your question from a LEAP perspective, what we anticipate right now is a 20% to 25% increase in unit growth, I think we'll see installs get ahead of spares so that spares ratio will begin to moderate, more in line with the historic average of a typical lifecycle. So that's really where we are with respect to the narrowbody specifics you have there.
Larry Culp: Sheila, there's a lot there. I think from a, let's take safety first. I'm strongly of the view that the industry not to speak for the industry. But having been close to this business for almost two years. Everybody understands the fallen responsibility we have the world over, I think from a GE Aerospace perspective is you and I've talked the operating framework, the lean transformation that's been underway here is very much rooted in an SQDC approach to safety, first and foremost, before quality before delivery before cost. And we not only talk that way, we work hard to make sure we operate that way day in and day out. Fortunately, at GE Aerospace, we have a long history of being hyper focused on safety. If you go back, for example, to I think 2013, our safety management system was really the first of its kind, we were the first OEM to implement such a scheme well before the FA required the industry to do so. And we have been building on that. But that approach never assumes perfection, right? So we layer in all sorts of checks and audits, process capabilities to make sure that we're doing all that we possibly can to deliver safety, to deliver quality over time. And that applies in the commercial realm and applies on the defense side ,legacy, platforms, new platforms like LEAP, and 9X. And I'd also say that when we talk about our leadership behaviors of humility and transparency and focus, that really helps undergird all of that work, because if we have an opportunity to improve if we miss something, we want folks to come forward, share that with us. So we get after it get to the root cause and lay in corrective action. So that's really the general approach from 9X perspective. We do know that will be a pressure on us in 2024. We're assuming EIS May of 25 will begin to ship engines in the back half of ‘24. It's really the beginning of the lifecycle for that platform. We're thrilled to be underwing on the 777X. It's an exciting platform. But it will be a financial headwind for us for the foreseeable future as we ramp not only the volumes, but obviously improve the overall cost structure of that business with an eye toward building the installed base and the service annuities that will come over time.
Larry Culp: Scott, I don't know if you ask that relative to my GE role or my Aerospace role, I suspect the latter but just with the GE hat on for a moment, there really no change at this point, we really want to make sure we see through the spin, as I think both Rahul and Scott talked at the outset, could be very good about for Vernova’s prospects here to be investment grade, confident in that outlook. And we want to see that through setup both businesses, we will in early March in New York share more at each of the investor Days as to how we're thinking about the capital structures, but the capital allocation strategies for both businesses. I think in aerospace, that you should assume that we're going to have a compelling dividend. That buybacks are going to be an important part of that overall effort beyond just covering dilution. And we'll certainly look to do meaningful value accretive M&A, the mix, the timing, those details to come. I really want the GE Aerospace board to have more time with those important questions. But we're looking forward to moving beyond deleveraging playing more offense at Aerospace. And I think well Scott's got a different hand to play. They're going to look to continue to certainly invest in organically in the opportunities that they have around the energy transition.
