Trevor Schauenberg: Thank you, Shaquana. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's third quarter webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release as well as the presentation slides at 6:30 this morning, which is something new for us. Slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor. As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light. For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Senior Vice Chairman and CFO, Jeff Bornstein. Now, I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.
Trevor Schauenberg: Great. Thanks, Jeff. I know there is other earnings call coming up. So Shaquana, let's open the phone lines.
Trevor Schauenberg: John, I think you started 40 and set at that 36, so you go from 40 in March from there. We typically get a lot more revenue in Q4 than Q3. It's typical for us to get 300 basis points on margin Q4 versus Q3, and Power & Water is very backend loaded as we have always said, so you have got a bunch of stuff that really - little bit better in GE Capital, I think you have got a lot of stuff that says we are kind of ready for a very strong fourth quarter.
Jeff Immelt: Jeff, thanks. We really have no material changes in the 2013 operating objective framework. Our industrial earnings will expand by double-digits in the second half and we are on track for solid growth in the year. We have no change for expectations in GE Capital. We continue to originate business at high returns while repositioning our capital portfolio and earnings growth remain solid in GE Capital. Our corporate cost reflects our Avio adjustment, as Jeff described earlier, and we continue to see good opportunity for restructuring and our positioning offers to continue. Our cash and revenues remain on track. We should see earnings growth accelerated in the fourth quarter with more volume and lower costs and with a large backlog in improving margins we feel good about 2014. We have several of our communications sessions with investors in the fourth quarter. In November Keith and Jeff will update our portfolio and business strategy of GE Capital and give you a sense for our long-term goals and simplification across the company. And in December, I will give you a strategic update for GE and our outlook for 2014. So we look forward to those sessions. So in summary, we are making progress on our investor objectives for the year. Our industrial earnings grew by double digits in third quarter and we expect a stronger fourth quarter. Strength is broad based and we expect Power & Water to be a key contributor going forward in the fourth quarter and into 2014. We grew margins by 120 basis points in the quarter and we expect to hit 70 basis points for the year. In the event we have any gains on the in the fourth quarter, we expect them to be applied to restructuring. GE Capital continues to strengthen and we are on track for up to $6.5 billion of cash to be returned to the parent. We expect organic growth of at least 5% in the fourth quarter for the industrial segments and we have solid momentum in growth markets, services and NPI and we have more favorable comparisons in Power & Water. So we are on track and we are on track to return substantial cash for investors this year. So the team executed well in the quarter and with a strong backlog and expanding margins investors should be confidence in GE's future. So Trevor, with that, let's turn it over to you and take some questions.
Jeff Immelt: May be why don't I start and Jeff, I will turn it you, but we continue to have good opportunities for restructuring throughout the company and I would expect us to do some in the fourth quarter but, again, I think if we have gains, we expect those to be offset with restructuring.
Jeff Immelt: Well, I think power was obviously a big contributor in the third quarter. We are ahead a little bit on derivatives and the fourth quarter ramp for Power & Water, I think we feel very good about. When we think about units for the fourth quarter, the large units gas turbines, et cetera, most of that is in backlog, but it is 95% of it, so I think we feel very good about how we feel power is moving into the fourth quarter. We de-risk the fourth quarter little bit with the out performance here in the third quarter.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. When you look at orders in the quarter, geographically, for we will start with gas turbines. In the resource-rich regions, we were 18 units in the quarter versus 22, so down four there. Middle East, we were down 10 units from 11 to 21. A little bit better in Asia, we were flat five units versus five units year-over-year. Most of the order strength really for our Power & Water has been around our aeroderivatives units. It has been very strong and our wind units have been incredibly strong. In the third quarter, we had 477 orders in the developed markets on wind. That's up 390 units and that explains most of the strength around wind and the balance is really Aero.
Jeff Immelt: I would say, Scott, if you look at Q4, we expect Power & Water orders to be at the high end of the range of what we talked about. So my hunch is that the orders will be clean in the 100 and a lot of that's Middle East. So we will book some of the Algerian orders in Q4. We have got some big orders in Saudi, some nice orders in Russia, couple in Africa, couple in Brazil and on the aeroderivative market, we are seeing pretty good growth in places like Canada, Middle East. So you have just got to be - the GGO and the investments we have made in emerging markets, I think has really helped us collect the orders.
Jeff Immelt: You know, all these things always take a little bit of time but we are still planning staged exits of the value maximizing platforms of GE Capital. We have got a big meeting set November 15, with Keith and Jeff. I think there will be more clarity at that time on the capital side. And we continue and the rest the company continue to look at ways to make the company more streamlined and more effective. So you are going to see those in good time. I think we just want to be thorough in our planning and you will get a lot more detail soon.
Jeff Immelt: Well, Nigel, what I would say, the third quarter was slightly better than even what I had thought just by little bit, but a little bit better. We had better mix. So when you have more aeroderivatives and less wind, that's a mix adder. Then we have got the simplification efforts, which Jeff said with margins or with value gap and with SG&A down 10%, that really - it's a much leaner organization. Then when you look at Q4, you are going to get kind of ball wave of more wind business, aeroderivatives is still pretty strong, heavy duty gas services are still pretty strong. I think what you are going to see in Q4, is revenue growth, our profit growth and margin growth. So what you are going to see in Q4 in Power & Water, I think it's pretty typical of what you are going to see I think going forward in the business into '14.
Jeff Immelt: Okay. So I would say, Nigel, as we took out the layer, we got hundreds of million of dollars of benefits as we did that. So I think that was just a starting point and then inside each business, look, we are committed to getting SG&A as a percentage of revenue down to a world-class, best-in-class level and we are on our way. We made good progress but we are not where we want to be yet. So you have some of those benefits, for sure, show up in the businesses but we have got a ways to go yet.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. We are constantly in flight on value maximizing and the [red book] and GE Capital non-core book that we have talked about, so the gain could be sizable. We expect it will be quite profitable for us and we are working on list of items to position the portfolio for how we want to take it forward, so I think the team has got a pipeline of stuff they are working.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. I think, what I would say right now is that we are running ahead of the game on value gap. We are two, three quarters of the year, we are almost $700 million value gap. We expect that to continue to accelerate into the fourth quarter. On simplification and restructuring, Jeff talked about the fact that we are at the $1 billion through the third quarter. We expect that to continue and accelerate into fourth quarter. I think on the cost side of the equation, we have got enough leverage that we are working very dramatically to deal with the fact that we are going to have more equipment shipments as we move into the fourth quarter and I think those cost opportunities are going to accelerate into 2014.
Jeff Immelt: I would tell Jeff - in that coating activity in North America is actually higher now in gas turbines than we have seen in a while, so I think we are kind of optimistic at least on the unit side for '14.
Jeff Immelt: Well, let me go back to the framework we have set for people. So we described the businesses in one of three ways. We said the businesses we thought would grow margins for the year better than 70 basis points, those that would grow 0 to 70 and those that we expect to be flat. I think if we relook that framework today, we would say oil and gas is clearly going to grow margins less than 70 basis points. We thought they would do better than that. And energy management, I would say, is on a trend today to grow margins between 0 and 70 basis points, not the greater than 70 basis points we thought. A contrast of that, I think transportation is going to be much stronger than what we originally said. We originally thought they would be flat but we think they are going to grow margins pretty substantially for the year. Then we have the a shot here, we will see how appliance strength looks in the fourth quarter but the appliance business actually may push through the 0 to 70 category or better than 70. And aviation, healthcare, as well as Power & Water are going to be right about where we said they would be. So I think those are really the changes, which is better than this 0 to 70 improvement.
Jeff Immelt: Steve, we got to do detailed business plans for 2014, but we have running positive OPI on pricing on orders. I think, we expect across most of the businesses that's going to continue and the early reads I have gotten on direct material deflation for next year and material productivity, but direct material deflation for next year is still very favorable for us. Last year, we were $350 million, something like that on a value gap. This year, we are at $660 million.
Jeff Immelt: Just under $700 million, but on the way to the higher number than that, I think, Steve, we are going to be positive again next year and that will be something I will give you more flavor for in the Outlook Meeting in December.
Jeff Immelt: The idea was kind of unique accounting convention given their supplier relationship with us. I think that's all goodness that's going to come back to us, so this is actually I think good, helpful. On the oil and gas stuff, we like the places that we are in and the deals we have done, so but I think they are different things. Go ahead, Steve, I am sorry.
Jeff Immelt: Look, I think when we do reviews with our board, if you look at the deals we have done starting in 2011, 2012 and 2013, versus deal case, we are still running ahead on those.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. I don't know. It relates to Power & Water. I don't think there is a huge trend change here. I think, thermal pricing on units was just under 7% down I think it's an extraordinarily competitive market globally. I don't think anything has really changed there. Those dynamics haven't changed. On wind, it really is a bifurcated world. In the U.S., we have got really good price over the first six months of the year. We feel good about where we are going with our U.S. wind. Internationally, it's more competitive around pricing and wind in the quarter on OPI was down a 130 basis points. PGS services was better. It was up 1.4% on thermal. Then oil and gas, we got two specific dynamics going on. We had a really profitable order that we took in the third quarter of 2012 in the U.S. around an LNG facility that we didn't repeat and we had the big Russian, the Yamal order here in this quarter that was not nearly as profitable as that as well. And that really drove oil and gas OPI down in the quarter. We expect oil and gas OPI in the fourth quarter to get back to a positive and we expect it to be positive for the year on a year-to-date basis.
Jeff Immelt: I think, Deane, it's about the same hedge we had at the end of the second quarter and then, for us on the revenue side, basically you have got the whole company, ex-Power & Water, which has operated pretty well all year and what you are going to see in fourth quarter is just a more normal run rate for Power & Water. So that's really, if you think about the range we had on the page and how I talk about the business going forward, really the only difference is Power & Water. And so you are going to see a more normal quarter for Power & Water from a revenue standpoint and that should carry forward into next year.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. I don't think I can give you any answer on that. I don't think - we don't provide guidance. I don't think I can give you that number. Here's what I would said about third quarter to fourth quarter is the way I would think about it, and power is a piece of this construct, is we will end the third quarter here on an adjusted basis at $0.40 a share. We typically get a big volume ramp from third quarter to fourth quarter. Last year that was $0.08. This year we have got a bigger ramp volume wise going from third quarter to fourth quarter. We are going to do that with a much better cost structure than what we did last year third quarter to fourth quarter. More value gap. We are ahead of the curve on SG&A and cost savings. That's going to give us additional incrementals, additional volume leverage as we move from third to fourth quarter. So Power & Water is a piece of that framework. They are a big piece of it because they have a very large volume ramp from third to fourth quarter and I think we feel very good about the construct that we have around that and all of that should help us achieve the 70 basis points for the year.
Jeff Immelt: It's pretty global business. I would say there is more opportunities in the Middle East, and Asia and places like that. I would say there was some more in the third quarter than what we expected, but I still expect them to have a good solid growth in Q4 as well, but I would say, we probably at the end of the day, had a few more aeroderivatives in Q3 than we originally expected.
Jeff Immelt: Shannon, the way that I talked about it today and the way we are planning is the 70 is without gains, so basically the intent is to use the gains we had to do additional restructuring.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. Chris, I will give you a view. I actually think the backlog is pretty firm. I don't think there is commercial issues really, I think what Jeff talked about like in oil and gas is stuff that we could have executed better on, so we are not seeing really any kind of variability in the marketplace in terms of customers pushing back on deliveries.
Jeff Immelt: Great. Why don't we wrap up today. Thank you everyone for attending. The replay of today's webcast will be available this afternoon on our website. We will be distributing our quarterly supplementals data for GE Capital later this morning. I have some announcement regarding the upcoming investor events. On Friday November 15th, we will host a GE Capital Investor Meeting in Norwalk, Connecticut. This meeting will begin at 10 am. We hope to see you there. Second, our Annual Outlook Investor Meeting with our Chairman will be held in New York City, again on Wednesday, December 18th. We will send a little more information closer to that date. Then finally, our fourth quarter 2013 earnings webcast will be available on Friday, January 17th. As always, we are available today to take your questions. Thank you everyone.
Jeff Bornstein: I don't have a lot to add to that. I think that's right. I think the more we get deeper into the simplification effort, we just see increasing numbers of opportunities to take cost out of the company and make the company faster and more customer centric. So I think we will do restructuring in the fourth quarter and as Jeff said more likely than not we will reflect the gains in the we expect as well.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes. So I would say around the simplification effort, I think everyday we identify more opportunities to do what we do smarter. More shared services, a smaller manufacturing footprint, rationalizing capacity, executing our functions in a more consolidated way. So I would say, the list is growing with time and we are in the early innings of the simplification effort in this company. So I am quite emboldened with what we can accomplish over the next few years.
Jeff Bornstein: Nigel, the point I have made earlier I think on both, I mean we still have to see how the Swiss IPO goes, but we could have gains in both of those.
Jeff Bornstein: Again, I would say we did have some execution issues in the third quarter, getting the backlog out, getting it out into cost structure was supposed to go out. We expect that we are going to improve on that in the fourth quarter, we got a volume lift in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, we expect to with all the cost actions and the value gap we have created in the business over the first three quarters, we expect to get some leverage on that in the fourth quarter. I think, we feel pretty good about the fact that we will grow margins rates in the fourth quarter in oil and gas. They will not grow to the levels we thought they would for the year and that's really mostly above the M&C business. We came into the year thinking the business is going to grow something like 16% or low single-digits and that's a real missed challenge for us, but we try to get it done with better execution in the shop, the better execution on the cost structure.
Jeff Bornstein: I think, in the U.S. we have been pretty strong. I think, we are up 8% PGS in the U.S. in the third quarter. There is still some strength in U.S. As we said, Europe was top down 18% on services related to heavy duty gas turbine, but sequentially that's a bit of an improvement from where we were in the first and second quarter. I think really what's driving us here in the third and fourth quarter in North America, our PGS growth is our advanced - have upgrades, we did 15 in the third quarter versus four a year ago. We expect to do more than that in the fourth quarter. And that's very good business for us at very high margin. So I think we see a way forward here around services.
Jeff Bornstein: Joe, I can start and then maybe Jeff kicks in, but I think we see pretty broad based expansion in Q4. Power & Water expands but it's not the biggest driver and we have got every business up a bit and a couple, maybe three or four businesses, up 100 basis points plus. I don't know if Jeff if you want to.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes, so what I would say is, on the unit side, gas turbines, wind turbines, more than 95% of what we will do in the fourth quarter is in backlog today. Our services business runs 50% to 60% backlog and that's kind of where we sit today. I think we have, within that we have very good line of sight to what we are going to do on AGPs in the quarter. So I think we are largely in pretty good shape. We will probably do about 70 distributor power units in the quarter and one of the reasons we will shape on those, as they tend to be a little bit shorter cycle. So I think we have pretty good visibility.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes. What I would say, Steven, Avio is, I think what part of those fair value adjustments tell you is the business was actually more profitable than what we thought we were buying when we finally got in there to see a lot of the detail, because of antitrust constraints, we couldn't see a lot of detail around parts of our Aviation business. The adjustments were larger than we expected initially, but they are larger for all the right reasons, meeting the margins on the parts, particularly GE90, they have got a ton of productivity over the last number of years, simply for GE90 program, so that will work well with us or for us going forward.
Jeff Bornstein: Steve, Power & Water is going to have positive revenue, positive gross profit and positive margins in Q4.
Jeff Bornstein: Steve, the last thing I would add is, if you go back to last seven years, five in the last seven years we have grown margins from third to fourth quarter better than 250 basis points. In four of the last seven years we have grown to more than 310 basis points from third quarter to fourth quarter, so.
Jeff Bornstein: Look, we don't give guidance any more. Okay? So, let's start with that. Again, I think you have got some stuff in Avio and stuff in corporate, but when you look at Industrial and Capital, I actually view those exactly the same way we have looked at them when I was at EPG.
