Steve Winoker: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning and welcome to GE's third quarter 2019 earnings call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Larry Culp; and CFO, Jamie Miller. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that the press release presentation and 10-Q are available on our website. Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our website, those elements can change as the world changes. Please note that we'll be hosting a Healthcare Investor Day on Monday December 2 in conjunction with the RSNA conference in Chicago. Additionally, we provided the upcoming earnings dates in the appendix. With that, I'll hand the call over to Larry.
Steve Winoker: Great. Before we open the line, we have a lot of people in the queue. So limit yourself one question. So we can get to as many as possible. Brandon, please open the line.
Steve Winoker: Great. Thanks everybody for joining the call this morning and we will be available for your questions following. Take care.
Larry Culp: Sure. Andrew, I don't think we tried to talk about renewables more or less than any of our four big Industrial segments. Obviously renewables is an important business. You saw earlier in the week the IEA come out with a forecast that would suggest the renewables space could be a $1 trillion business over the next couple of decades. Significant opportunity from a top line perspective, but as you point out we need to deliver better profitability amidst the growth we're enjoying today let alone growth that's down the road. When I look at the quarter in renewables we saw margins down a little over 2% down 500 basis points year-over-year. You break that down I think what we saw really was a fair bit of encouraging news in terms of the way the team was delivering the step up in volume particularly onshore here in the U.S. and some of the progress that we're making on our cost productivity programs. That said that was fundamentally offset by a number of the legacy issues that we referenced in the prepared remarks and the consolidation of the Alstom JVs. So from there we're really wrestling with the pricing headwinds which I think are again improving but not with today's shipments unfortunately. We saw 100 basis points of pressure due to tariffs and we continue frankly to have opportunities to execute on a number of projects better. So that's why those margins are down. But in terms of those things that we can control so that this can be a positive margin business in line with others in the renewables space particularly in wind I think we over the next several years should be able to demonstrate not only better margins but in turn better cash performance.
Larry Culp: Yeah. And Steve, I think just step back right you all know early in the life of a new engine program we're going to see spares represent roughly 10% of sales. We'll see that at the tail end of the program. I'd say everyone is focused on a safe return to service which puts a little bit more focus there. So that's why you see the step up here in the back half relative to the sales of spares to GECAS and others. Obviously, the benefit we take in Aviation is eliminated at the corporate level so it effectively washes. But that's really what you're seeing. As we think about 2020, I think we're going to try to follow Boeing's lead here when we talk about the full year cash headwinds this year due to MAX that obviously assumes that we don't see a return to service this year. That's just I think a conservative financial planning assumption we took on the last quarterly update. But as you can well appreciate, we're working very closely with Boeing, very closely with our carrier customers to prepare for that safe return to service not only with respect to the planes and the engines that have been delivered, but those that are in inventory or on the production line today.
Larry Culp: Sure, sure. Well, let me take those in reverse order, Deane. As you know when we talk about renewables, the bulk of our revenue today comes from our onshore wind business. I think we like the renewables space broadly, and we're really trying to fortify the position we have both in offshore wind, you see that with the step up in R&D the introduction of the Haliade-X, but also other aspects, including hydro where frankly the businesses isn't operating to its full potential today. So it's more of a project-oriented business. It's a small $1 billion [-ish] [ph] P&L within renewables today, where we clearly are paying off those inheritance taxes, which we've referenced through the course of the year. We think hydro can perform in line, if not better than competitors there. But there's work to do. We've got new leadership in place and when we were with the team several weeks ago, reviewing the strategic outlook for the business in Paris, I think they see hydro as an important business relative to our overall renewables offering particularly in certain parts of the world, where hydropower is and/or -- is and will be a part of the energy transition. With respect to the Power portfolio, Deane as you know, we really have three businesses there. We have our steam business, our nuclear business and Power Conversion. Clearly, when you look at the quarter both from an equipment and a services perspective, we saw pressure. I think Jenny went through that in her prepared remarks. Clearly a tough comp in equipment both in steam and nuclear and we are seeing some service pressure both -- in both of those businesses. Some of that is timing-related, some of that it's just where those businesses that hit again in the energy transition. I think we're encouraged by what we see in Power Conversion. I give Russell Stokes here a ton of credit. Russell has jumped in. He's running that business himself in addition to looking after the rest of the portfolio, brought in a new CFO from the outside, Glen Ferguson. There's a lot that's underway as they look to manage that business closer to the customer while taking a good bit of cost out. So there's a lot of work to do here, Deane, in nuclear given the challenges there particularly in places like Japan. We talked about steam power conversion, but I think the team is making good progress. You don't see it so much in these equipment and service numbers, but I think as we go into 2020, you're going to see improved margin and cash performance from these businesses ex the legacy Alstom-related issues.
Larry Culp: You better believe it, Scott. And I think the team understands that we're going to have a different profile in Healthcare when we are on the other side of the biopharma transaction. But that said I think there's a lot of conviction on Kieran and the team's part, myself as well with what we'll have on a go-forward basis, right? Here we have a $17 billion revenue business, smack in the middle of most of that matters in healthcare delivery today. As you point out mid-teens margins; good, I think routines there with respect to driving productivity to offset price; good cash conversion. But there is no way in which this business is optimized right? There's a lot we can do from a lean perspective here. That's why referenced the Florence facility event a few weeks ago. I think that is going to help us improve quality, improve delivery. We should see not only expense, but frankly cash come out of that business and drive better conversion. I think if we can be smarter about where we invest, we don't have to see all that savings be spent away. Clearly, over time you're going to see us remix this business more toward the digital that's why referenced the AI progress with the FDA around the critical care offering. Services is an area where I think we see opportunity as well. So going forward, I think the teams will be very focused on making sure that this is as good a business as any GE business. And given what I know about the space Scott, I seen no reason why this can't be a much stronger more vibrant part of our company. And I hope you'll see that in Chicago, when we have the Investor Day that Steve referenced in conjunction with RSNA.
Larry Culp: Jeff I would say on restructuring -- what you're really seeing is sort of three things: One, the timing dynamic that you referenced, I think we are in a number of places foregoing severance in light of some attrition which gives us an opportunity to reduce the spend, maintain the return. And than just a host of other restructuring projects where whether we plan conservatively or delivering more effectively, we're getting a better return for our dollar. So I'm encouraged by that. With respect to timing, what that refers to specifically are the ongoing conversations and discussions that we're having in Europe with the various constituencies involved in Power. And more broadly, I think we set ourselves up to work through that during the course of the year. I think at this point, you may see some of that expense this year. It clearly will be a cash pull in 2020 and beyond. I'm not sure we're in a position to quantify that specifically today for you as those conversations are ongoing, but that's really what's happening. We're going to continue to restructure. We'll see that. I think the quantum fade over time. But we want to make sure as we go through the 2020 budget process here in November that every good opportunity, every good project gets a full hearing because we really want to play the long game here and set ourselves up for better margins and better cash.
Larry Culp: Yes. No, we certainly saw some softness there in the third quarter, Andy. Interestingly, it was more on private side than the public side of the marketplace. I think, we are in turn planning conservatively here for the fourth quarter, just given those trends and some of the uncertainty in China right now around the relatively more short-cycle nature of Healthcare broadly, certainly in our business. We have new leadership on the ground in China that is going. And Yihao Zhang is going through a number of changes in both the organization and some of our go-to-market activities. That'll take a little bit of time, I think, to put us on better competitive footing in country as well. So as we get into 2020, I'm hopeful that regardless of the macro there, we'll see better performance from the imaging business there.
Larry Culp: I would just say, with respect to the strategic question around Power Portfolio, it's important to remember that when you hear us talk about driving a lean transformation of these businesses, better upfront discipline around which projects we take on, how we price them, how we framed risk, let alone how we execute and how we support them in the aftermarket. But that is not necessarily a strategic call once and for all time, right? I think our view is, we wanted to make sure we had an integrated steam business, both in equipment and services. That integration is underway, let alone the improvements that we've referenced. Our nuclear business is a business where we see the opportunity to expand margins, admittedly in a relatively flattish space. And Power Conversion is a turnaround I'm excited about, given the traction I see and our monthly reviews with Russell in the business. I think over time, those operational improvements will frankly expand the strategic optionality we have in and around each of those businesses, let alone the Power Portfolio as a whole. If and when we do something we'll have that discussion internally before we have it publicly. But in the near term, this team's focused on making sure, we deliver better performance, we have more options, long term. And again, I'm encouraged by the progress that I see.
Larry Culp: John, I think that obviously, we didn't come into this year expecting what has played out in that regard. Again our primary focus is to support Boeing and our carrier customers with respect to what they return to service. But with respect to the cash flows in this business, we had over $4 billion last year despite some of the MAX dynamics, as Jamie just outlined. I think we are encouraged by the work the team has done this year. And going forward, given our market leadership position, the installed base, the new engines we have coming online not only commercially, but frankly the growing military business that we have, the opportunities to drive lean at Aviation, particularly with respect to improving inventory turnover and on-time delivery, I just think there's a lot of potential here given the secular tailwinds in Aviation, our position in the space to build off this cash flow base that we delivered last year. And hopefully, we'll deliver this year for many years to come.
Larry Culp: Josh your -- if we just take those in reverse order, I would say that you're right. With the long-cycle nature of our business right, I think the installed base, the backlog, half the business in the -- half the revenue in the aftermarket, we don't have a tremendous amount of near and short-cycle exposure. But clearly, whether -- pick the business right, pick the newspaper. There's clearly a lot of concern out there as to where the economy is globally and what are we going to be dealing with in 2020. That said, as we look at our position in Aviation, absent the issues we talked about, I think we like a lot of what we see. Clearly both at Power and at renewables, I think what's most relevant is where we are and how we play through the energy transition much more so than any economic pressure. And while there are some dynamics in and around Healthcare that I mentioned earlier say in China, I think by and large, again given the nature of Healthcare, while we have some short-cycle exposure to a degree, it's far less than most businesses. And as we go forward, I think we look at that 7% organic growth in the quarter, the 6% over the last four is evidence that even amidst the economic and political uncertainty that's out, this is a portfolio with secular dynamics around it that on balance should help us weather any storm that may come.
Larry Culp: And remember Josh that we -- I think we said even on the first quarter call, that one of the pleasant surprises is that the order book that we were anticipating, materializing in Power, particularly Gas Power this year looked like it was coming in earlier. So, I think what you see a little bit relative to the year-on-year comp is just that a strong first half, good year-to-date numbers and I think -- we think a year that on balance will come in as anticipated.
Jamie Miller: Yeah. So Steve when we talk about the spare engines in the quarter specific as it relates to spares to GECAS the corporate elimination was just under $100 million this quarter and we are seeing spare engine shipments higher in the quarter about half of that now back on Aviation about half of that relates to LEAP. And what we've seen in the second half and we've seen it third quarter we'll continue to see it in the fourth quarter is an acceleration of the LEAP-1B shipments in anticipation of the MAX return to service. And overall, if you look at the levels we're seeing in 2019 for spare engine shipments they are up over 2018, but we expect them to be about flat as we go into 2020.
Jamie Miller: So the $4.4 billion of working capital this year, let me just talk about a little bit of the background on it, and then as I go I'll talk about what we see really reversing in the fourth quarter. First, we had inventory build year-to-date of $2 billion. That's across renewables, Aviation and Healthcare. That largely shifts and reverses as we head into the fourth quarter with heavy fourth quarter shipment profile. We also in receivables had a $2.4 billion headwind year-to-date in working capital consumption for receivables. Big chunk of that is the 737 MAX. We also have factoring programs coming down for the year too both through the continued runoff of our long-term accounts receivable, some decisions we've made to exit or discontinue higher-cost programs. And some of that is just volume seasonality mix sort of as we've gone through three quarters, which will reverse in the fourth quarter as well. When you look at progress, we are seeing some mixing in progress between renewables and Power. Backlog is up on new orders, but progress upfront is a lower percentage. So, some of that moves around a little bit in the progress line.
Jamie Miller: Yeah. And Jeff, I'll jump in on the supply chain finance, some of the factoring shifts as well. And maybe I'll talk about it in the context of our guide. We moved our guide from negative 1 to 1 to 0 to 2, and I think the important thing to know kind of foundationally is that the first half trends we've seen are holding. So Power, continued stabilization. We see the benefit from interest. Larry talked about restructuring. But then when you start to think about the $1 billion this quarter, we are seeing a lower impact of the supply chain finance transition than we expected. So more than half of that $1 billion was really due to the absence of that, which is a real positive for us. When you look into 2020, that is something that largely does not repeat or we don't expect it to repeat in terms of the planning cycle. Secondly, we're seeing better performance across a couple of our businesses; so strength in aviation services, coupled with some incrementally better Healthcare performance. And really when you look at the construct, that plus a little bit of the restructuring side, which Larry talked about, that really makes up sort of the bulk of how we think about the 2019 shifting, but you can glean some of the pieces going into 2020.
Jamie Miller: So, Julian, I'll talk a little bit about Power Services and maybe I'll touch on some of the top line as well as some of the margin elements of it, and I'll break it into the three pieces. So Gas Power services, in the contractual book we actually have been seeing factored fired hours up. So the fleet is running. We're seeing good utilization. But we were impacted in the quarter, both by outage counts being down as well as by different mix of outages. And so the major inspection outages were down as well, which really impacts how we think about what flows through. In this book, we're really focused on cost to serve, meaning outage execution, how do we think about working capital management related to that. And that all brings it down to how do we continue to work closely with our customers, but accrete margin over time. The second piece, the transactional book, we are seeing revenue down. But that is remixing to higher margin. And we see that coming through, as we've refocused the team on price, higher-margin work. In transactional, what is gaining revenue a bit here is some fulfillment issues and operations and we've mentioned some of the operational issues we've had earlier in the year. They continue and that's something that Scott and his team and Larry have really been deep diving and focused on how that execution path really shifts up. Upgrades, we see good demand. The quarter was impacted by deal timing. We do expect some of that to flip in the fourth quarter. But if you pull back on services in total, expect a more positive profile in the fourth quarter. But we still see full year as slightly down which is a little bit different than what we were seeing maybe a couple of quarters ago.
Jamie Miller: Yes. So Nicole, I'll just walk through maybe the macro themes on this one. And probably the most important to really look at is the second half non-repeat of the Power charges. So we took well over $1 billion of charges in the second half last year. You saw this in the third quarter performance. We expect it to continue in the fourth quarter, but largely a non-repeat of that, which is a big lift. The second is continued strength in aviation services and the aftermarket there. Military helps but both of those two things really help us. We are seeing the LEAP/Passport impact in the transition but still largely very healthy at Aviation. At Healthcare, we've got biopharma growth and continued cost control at HCS. So that's favorable as well. And then, as you mentioned, we do see renewables negatively impacting our own MAX. And when you start to think about that it's the renewable volume ramp that Larry mentioned and talked about coupled with the Grid and Hydro project execution. But net-net it's really the Power non-repeat and largely Aviation.
Jamie Miller: Yes. So let me talk a little bit about MAX first and then I'll talk about allowances and discounts on the payable that's built up there. So first on the MAX, we still expect this year to be impacted to the tune of about negative $1.4 billion. When we think about how that comes through in future periods it is really difficult to predict. A lot of this is going to depend on exactly how the reentry into service works. And specifically, logistics, production, scheduling there's just multiple variables here around the ultimate delivery schedule of Boeing planes to customers. So that's maybe -- as you think about 2020 there's multiple scenarios that could play out there. When I really pivot to looking at Aviation free cash flow specifically, for 2019 negative one, four [ph] for the 737, we have seen that in our planning cycle largely offset by two things: One is accrued allowances and discounts, which is basically a situation where when we sell engines we've got contracts with both air framers and airlines and when the discounts are offered on these engines, the payment for the engine can be from the airframer but the payment for the discount can be paid separately to the airline. And they have a lot of timing variability depending on how programs are launching and different production schedules. We have seen accrued allowances and discounts build this year and we had expected at the half for that to largely reverse this year. Now based on where we are right now, we're expecting a little more than half of that 737 MAX deficit to be made up by this build in payables that then will push into 2020 and shift back down to your point. The other part where we're seeing strength in Aviation free cash flow is as I mentioned before, just the Aviation aftermarket and services side of things. Just nice cash flow continuing to come through there better than we expected. So hopefully that gives you the sense for 2019. And again, 2020, MAX a little bit TBD and we do expect that accrued discounts and allowances to also shift downward, which we'll see some pressure there but some goodness from MAX, hopefully.
Jamie Miller: Yes. And Josh on the Power Services and Power overall orders, when I was talking before about some better profile in the fourth quarter, I was talking specifically about services revenues in Power. If I really look at the Gas Power orders, we year-to-date have booked 12.8 gigawatts versus 7.2 gigawatts in the third quarter year-to-date 2018, so really pretty healthy for the year this year already. The Ohio order yes was in 3Q.
