Jeff Immelt: Great. Tevor thanks. Good morning, everybody. Look, the GE team had a very strong quarter. We saw real strength in the emerging markets and the developed region stabilized, orders grew by 7%, excluding foreign exchange and Wind, and organic growth was 4% in the quarter and 8% for the year. Earnings were strong with operating EPS up 13%. Industrial earnings were up 12% with all segments growing for the second straight quarter. Capital had another good quarter and for the year Industrial earnings were up 10% and Capital up 12%. We delivered on our margin commitments which grew by 120 basis points in the quarter and 30 basis points for the year. Industrial CFOA was also very strong in the quarter and for the year CFOA grew by 48% to $17.8 billion. We return substantial cash to investors in 2012 through dividends and buyback, and in the fourth quarter we announced the 12% increase in our dividend and expansion of our buyback program. Finally, December we announced the strategic acquisition of our Aviation business called Avio. So this was a very successful quarter for GE strengthened as the quarter continue and builds momentum for the future. Orders grew by 2% in the quarter. This is up 7% excluding again the impact of foreign exchange and Wind. We had a solid order growth in five of six businesses, order pricing grew by 0.5% in the quarter, equipment book-to-bill ratio was 1.2 and we entered the year with a record high backlog of $210 billion. Many of our businesses had great quarters, for instance, Healthcare homeowners grew by 7%, MR was up 12%, CT up 23% and ultrasound up 11%, and importantly, growth market order expanded by 12%. Our growth initiatives continue to deliver. Our growth regions expanded by 9% in the quarter and 11% for the year. Six of nine regions grew by double digits including Russia, Australia, Latin America, China, Africa and Asian. For the year, China grew by 19%. Services had another good quarter in revenue backlog and margins. Power Gen services had a very strong quarter. Service backlog grew to a record of $157 billion. We continue to launch new product and service offerings. We’re wining with our Aviation product lineup, which is giving us high share of Commercial Engine. Oil and Gas had record orders and backlog. Our subsea orders almost double versus last year and Distributed Power grew by 19% for the year. In November, we announced nine new service offerings for the Industrial Internet with 20 in the pipeline. So we continue to deliver in volatile markets. GE had a great margin performance in the quarter, margins grew by 120 basis points in the quarter and 30 basis points for the year, every business grew margins in the quarter and our performance really was driven by value gap expansion of $330 million, Service margins which grew by 190 basis points and simplification. For the year SG&A as a percentage of revenue was down 100 basis points. We achieve these results in spite of the fact that foreign exchange created a headwind for the year. We entered 2013 with substantial momentum. We expect to have 70 basis points of improvement in 2013. This is based on very positive value gap, structural cost and service margins which are really in the run rate and mix in 2013 should not be a drag, so really a good job by the GE team. GE had a very strong performance on cash as well for the year. We had $17.8 billion up 48%. Industrial CFOA in the quarter was $6.2 billion up 12%. We had good performance on working capital even while we continue to invest in growth. We end the year with a cash balance of $15.5 billion dollars and consolidated cash of $77 billion. Our strong Industrial CFOA performance plus capital dividend is supporting our plan for balance capital allocation. So we returned $12.4 billion to investors through dividend and buyback, and we expect this to continue in the future. We announced the acquisition of Avio in December $4.3 billion. As you know we have significant backlog of engines and shop visits. We’ve invested in capability, materials and capacity to improve our new engine margins. Recently you’ve seen several partnership announcements from GE Aviation in our supply chain. And Avio we are acquiring an existing position of engine development. They bring complementary technologies to GE. We think there is an opportunity to expand this technology beyond Aviation, and their substantial synergies about $200 million or more and relatively low execution risk. So 8.3 times EBITDA we believe this will generate a good return for our investors and we expect to close in the second half of ‘13 after regulatory approvals. So now I’m going to turn back over to Keith to talk about company operations.
Jeff Immelt: Great. Keith thanks. Just to wrap up on 2012 investor commitments, one last time on 20’12, we really hit all the major goals that we set out with you a year ago. We targeted strong Industrial growth and we hit 12% in the fourth quarter and 10% for the year. We said we would grow margins and we hit 120 basis points in the fourth quarter, 30 basis points for 2012, and we are on track for 70 basis points in ’13. We said we want to get cash out of GE Capital and we received $6.4 billion dividend to the parent. We said we would make GE Capital smaller and our ENI ended the year at $419 billion down 6%, even while we grew income by 12%. And we said capital allocation would be disciplined and balanced, and we returned more than $12 billion in dividends and buyback, and announced the $4.3 billion Avio acquisition. So, 2012 was a year where we really hit all of our financial commitments to investors. Looking forward in 2013, there is no change to our 2013 operating framework that we talked about in December. If anything we start the year with a higher backlog and more cash. Our commitments are similar to ’12. We plan to achieve double-digit Industrial earnings growth. We plan to receive a substantial dividend from GE Capital. We plan to grow margins while driving solid organic growth and our fourth quarter orders support this growth. And we plan to return substantial cash to investors through dividend and buyback. So our fourth quarter performance gives us confidence for 2013. I think GE team has done a great job of execution. And Trevor, now back to you for some questions.
Jeff Immelt: There is a knock on, Steve, as well as China grows. You see more activity in Africa, Brazil, and places like that as well. So it’s -- it has a knock-on effect that’s also positive.
Jeff Immelt: Steve, again as I look at margins, I think value gap is pretty well dialed in structural costs, what Keith talked about SG&A as a percentage of revenue, that should continue to get better. Those two aren’t necessarily lumpy. Service margins aren’t really lumpy. We continue to get good progress there. My view is Wind will be lumpy, right, as you think about how it plays through the balance of 2013. And the one that we don't really control so much is how mix goes through. So I’d say a lot of the levers should continue with pretty good progress and the one that we will manage as year goes on is just the impact of -- there will be a $0.03 headwind in wind, and we don’t see that necessarily changing and that’s something to play through. We feel confident in the 70 basis points for the year.
Jeff Immelt: All I would add is exactly what Keith said, some of this is our own discipline about where we’re going to write business and we've been exceptionally disciplined. And I think the fact that volume was pretty good in the quarter, kind of lets just get the sense that we’re in the market and our disciplines are appropriate.
Jeff Immelt: Well, those were two that we’re working through. I think we’re significantly through the consumer as far as the segmentation, there may be a little more in the first quarter. And on the write-off this was just -- there is regulatory guidance and we are complying with it. I am not aware of any other besides those two right now.
Jeff Immelt: Well, I don’t anticipate that. I can tell you right now what we’re basically, I think a simple rule of thumb to look at the consumers you’re probably going to be looking at 12 month of reserves or provisions for losses in that book. While we have seen delinquencies come down and you're right, we have a tremendous asset quality there. It’s the best we have seen as you said. We have increased the segmentation of the portfolio to be more granular on different loss types and that’s added through provisions. You can see in the fourth quarter provisions dropped, some of that’s volume and about $50 million to $60 million after-tax of that is additional segmentation of the reserve to get to the 12 month kind of proxy here for loss levels.
Jeff Immelt: While we’re thrilled with the MetLife close obviously we’ve put it in the consumer bank. The objective here is to grow our deposits online and they give us a franchise and a capability to be able to do that. Our expectation is that we’re not only going to do that in the consumer back but we’re going to migrate that over to the commercial bank. And we’re going to do more online deposits. As you said, our objective is to get the CP down in the 30 this year and continue to reduce CP, and we have been very successful with doing that. And we will continue -- I think you look at the trade-off of cost of deposits versus CP plus the bank lines, whenever backup cash we carry, I think this can be a good trade-off over time for us as we continue to diversify our funding.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, I think you’re not going to see that from a -- I mean CP is at 20 basis points steam, so you’re not going to see a big number on that in 2013 for GE Capital. I think you will get a benefit from having less negative carry on the cash. Now if you look at last year we took the cash of 70 plus billion dollars, we’ll have a carry of around somewhere between 50 and 60 this year, that will probably be the biggest increase in sort of the financing margins. Last year we had net maturities of $48 billion reduction in GE Capital. So it was a fantastic year for Capital on a balance sheet basis to kind of lower the amount of debt and improve their future debt maturity profile. As you know, we’re going to have $30 million to $35 million of long-term debt issuance a year now from a significantly higher level. So I think the Capital team has done a job. The biggest benefit you’ll see will probably be on little less negative carry on the cash.
Jeff Immelt: Well, look, there are ton of different developmental programs inside the industry that people work on together. We do engines for Sikorsky. We buy it from Goodrich and Hamilton Sundstrand. So there is always, I’d say a certain amount of developmental work that goes on inside the industry. I think what was most appealing about Avio for us was really the amount content they had of GE engines. I think giving more control over our own supply chain, building capability, more reliability, leveraging, sourcing and manufacturing skills, things like that, that’s really where we see Avio paying off for investors.
Jeff Immelt: But I think it’s a great question, I don’t think, I don’t think either Keith or I ever thought we have $210 billion of backlog in GE. But I would say in the kind of volatile environment we leave in today, having that kind of visibility is actually quite a strong aspect and maybe Aviation feels off little bit. But Oil and Gas, our orders in Oil and Gas are $0.5 billion or $1 billion in the crack. So it’s easy to see how that order rate might continue with the rate it’s on today and add to the backlog.
Jeff Immelt: Really, not yet, it just a, there is a, it really opens up a two-year window. So, I think, in aggregate over the next two years it’s going to increase the number of Wind shipments we are going to have, but exactly which quarters and stuff like that is hard to predict.
Jeff Immelt: Look, there is a little bit of volatility going out there and we always try to give you guys a range of outcomes. One of our biggest industrial businesses went from having orders down 24% in October to having orders up 27% in December, and the total being up 7% for the quarter. So that's a big swing. That’s a big swing. I would say Shannon, on balance we closed the quarter very strong. I would say all the businesses had good order books as we closed the quarter probably above even what our expectations were. I think that’s good news. What that means or is it lumpy or things like, I think it’s too soon to call victory but clearly the momentum built during the quarter.
Jeff Immelt: Well, the services business had a great quarter, so we really -- a lot of what we talked about in terms of services, I’d say fourth quarter was fantastic and there’s -- the mix for the business ought to be great for -- better for 2013. So we’ll just see how the shipments work and all that kind of stuff. But…
Jeff Immelt: Shannon, I just don’t even want to speculate on how that plays out. I think we talked about balance and discipline, capital allocation, I think that's really the way I feel. We like having a good deal. We like the fact that we returned more than $12 billion cash to shareholders last year. We like having kind of a focused approach to acquisitions and if our world changes we’ll come back and talk more about it but right now you shouldn’t assume any change.
Jeff Immelt: I think there is really no change in how I feel about value gap next year. It’s good solid 330 this year, it will be better than that next year.
Jeff Immelt: If you look we had 4% revenue this year with aviation flat, just point is really one of the key differences what we expect in 2013 in aviation.
Jeff Immelt: Basically, right now if you look we had 108 orders for the year. We’re forecasting somewhere 100 gas turbines for 2013. And we’ll see how the market plays out. So they’re going to be down versus 2012. I think the factors to think about the thermal business itself on the equipment side is about 9% of out profit for the energy business. So, really the dynamic for us is going to be how do services perform. We got a big growth forecast in for services. How does distributed energy perform? We’ve got a nice orders performance in the quarter and we’ve got a good outlook for 2013. And how do they do on controlling the cost? Those are going to be really the dynamics but the energy team is going to be working the way through.
Jeff Immelt: Well, that’s a good question. I think for us what we have to make sure is that we’re meeting what we need to have to be -- from a regulatory perspective and from a rating agency perspective and from a management perspective safe and secure. We expect to be well capitalized in any scenario under Basel 1 or Basel 3. We’re going to meet the liquidity requirements that regulators have. And our objective is to be able to release capital as we continue to shrink the book as you say continue to generate profitability. And for us, we think we’re in pretty good shape on that. You saw our success in 2012. We’ve got number-one strong earnings. Number two, we had strong liquidity with over $60 billion of cash, less than $35 billion of long term debt we’re going to issue this year, and we already completed nine of that. We have strong capital ratio as you saw we ended the year with tier 1 coming at 10.2 Basel I. We reduced our overall debt by over $45 billion last year. We’ve got strong portfolio quality. Delinquencies are down, non-earnings are down, and we continue to make strategic progress on running off the red assets and reinvesting in the green assets. So I think when we look at what’s going on from a regulatory perspective we have not been designated as the systemically important institution yet. We are in discussions, and the main issue that happens when you're designated is that you’re going to be supervised by the Federal Reserve. We’re already supervised by the Federal Reserve. So we'll see how that plays out but we believe that we have a pretty good framework against the regulatory guide posts and we’re continuing to operate in a way that runs the company from a safe and secure perspective while also being able to be mindful of returning cash back to the parent and get that back to the investors.  So I think we’re doing a pretty good of this. I think Mike Neal and his team had a great year against those objectives and we’ll have to see how that continues to play out.
Jeff Immelt: Again, I was just -- I would make two comments. I’d just say -- I don’t really want to make any other pronouncements other than kind of disciplined and balanced capital allocation. I just really -- we’ll go over the other bridge as we get there but let’s start with that. And the second thing, I’d reaffirm your first point, I think is one that's good for all investors to remember is, this company is going to have a tonne of cash over the next three years, right. Between -- whatever happens with NBC Universal between kind of as we look where we think GE Capital versus the guide post Keith talked about there is going to be a lot of cash. So lets leave it at that -- let's leave it with those two comments for right now John.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah. Nigel, we’re not one of the major banks that goes through that systemic process every year. We do go through own process. I would say the best outlook would be to think of it as a mirror of 2012. And we will go through a lot of exact same steps with forecast and stress test and capital plans and all that. But last year, we had final decisions on that in the second quarter. And I would anticipate it would be the same in 2013 right now.
Jeff Immelt: I would echo what Keith said, I think this is an immensely popular airplane, fuel efficient, passengers like it, airlines like it. So we are here to support Boeing wherever it goes on this 787, on the Dreamliner. On Energy, I think Brian, we already factor in the fact that there is going to be an impact on demand side management, on demand for electricity. And you factor that into I think an overall health of the Gas portfolio vis-à-vis what happens with nuclear, what happens with the EPA. And then, demand growth in places like Saudi Arabia, Algeria, places like that that still remains I think intact. So we try to factor that all in, but we also do factor in Energy Management, but we also benefit from that in our Energy Management business.
Jeff Immelt: We’ve got a lot of good restructuring projects that are year, year and a half or two year paybacks. So we’re lined up and we think we can keep the structural cost, keep going down as a percentage of revenue. Our target is to really accelerate that.
Jeff Immelt: So, Trevor, thanks to everybody. I just, I think the team feels really good about how we did on delivering our commitments in 2012. We’ve identified very clearly our 2013 commitments, which we believe are very competitive against our peers and we’re going to be off executing against that going forward.
Keith Sherin: Sure. I’ll give you both actually, because I think it’s helpful to look at the pieces. You said that in the fourth quarter value gap was big, it was 80 basis points. So the growth came from value gap. We had very strong pricing. We saw material deflation and you can see that the changes in order pricing are flowing through into revenue. We had, Equipment service mix was a drag, as you know it's been a drag all year along. It was 50 basis points, the same as we had for the total year as we had higher revenues on Equipment growth than on Services. And also you know the Wind story, higher Wind revenues that the lower margins has been a drag all year along. We offset that. There were two things. One, we did have the dispositions that was about 60 basis points in the quarter and we had strong productivity, which was 30 basis points in the quarter as we offset the impact of the negative mix, so overall 120 basis points. And for year it’s really a similar story, our value gap was 20 basis points, so that 30 basis points growth. We had a real drag on mix and other, that was in total 60 basis points, but we offset there were strong productivity, a lot of that is Simplification, our SG&A as a percent of revenue went down a 4-point. We have done a good job with cost and we've got great programs in place that will help us as we go forward in the ‘13 as you know. And the gains in total for the total year were about 7 basis points on the impact for the margin. So, pretty good performance, strength really value gap and productivity driving margin improvement both in the quarter and for the total year.
Keith Sherin: Scott, we did a couple other joint ventures that you probably saw last year that enhanced our position and controls and fuel nozzles, and additive manufacturing and things like that. We think Avio made a ton of sense just given the amount of GE content and things like that. I would say, we don't have a bunch more on the drawing board. But what I would say is, we’ve got an incredible backlog in Skyline of aircraft engines coming at us for the next 5 to 10 years, and we believe that actually being able to drive real productivity in the supply chain and innovation in the supply chain is -- will likely be one of the real margin enhancers as we look at the aviation business in the next three, four, five, 10 years. So it is part of a bigger productivity play. I don't think there is necessarily things like Avio on the drawing board per se, but we continue to look at productive manufacturing of a well identified backlog as being a major source of margin benefit for our investors going forward.
Keith Sherin: Some V’s I’ll give you for the quarter, power and water had a big quarter. They were up over 30%. Healthcare had a big quarter, up 15%. For the year they were up over 20%. Aviation continues to be very important to us for the year up 18%. There were some orders that we had pushed out of the third quarter, still pushed out of the fourth quarter, so we expect some more orders in aviation in China in the first quarter. So those three are really the strength and we continue to see investments by the government in those industries, and we’re benefiting from the move to gas in China a bit, the great emphasis on healthcare and certainly on transportation with the aviation position we have.
Keith Sherin: We’re not really giving quarterly margin guidance but as Jeff said for the year based on those factors we feel pretty confident we have internal plan that’s above the 70. We don’t have any gains that are in the plan to get to that 70 and we’ve got some good momentum as we come out of the fourth quarter on the margin improvement.
Keith Sherin: (Multiple Speakers) about the corporate. We gave that split, , it’s a little bit of decoder ring. I don’t have the details with me, Jeff.
Keith Sherin: Yes. The number I gave was the total business. Thermal and PGS were up one in the quarter. If you look at -- I don’t have a separate breakout for services for the fourth quarter. I have thermal in total.
Keith Sherin: But if you look, we’ve -- all year long in thermal, it was positive in the first and second quarter, it was a little negative in the third quarter, it was positive in the total year, it was up half a point for thermal equipment and service.
Keith Sherin: Yes. I think the way the team has talked to us about it and in the market, you continue to see pretty good revenue passenger-miles lumpy in 2012 but recovered a little bit at the end of the year, and for us to have flat ADORs, it’s given that there was an awful lot of working capital management in the supply chain and some mix for us with the old CF-6s on freight was a positive sign. Right now, the team is forecasting a little bit of improvement off of that fourth quarter rate in the first quarter, and we’re going to have to see as we go through the quarter, it is too early in the quarter right now to know and a couple weeks in, but they are forecasting, it will be improving over the [fourth] (ph) quarter levels.
Keith Sherin: Well, we’re going to have to see. Right now, we haven’t had any schedule changes from them. Actually, as you know, if there are few less engine shipments that’s not a bad thing in terms of margins -- based on the margins on the initial GEnx shipments. We had a great year on GEnx, Jeff. We came down the learning curve. Obviously, some of the pricing that you’re seeing in aviation is coming through on GEnx. There was an improvement on margins per units in those shipments. So we don’t anticipate it to be a big deal, but again we’ve got to see Boeing kind of work their way through the problem. Just a little number on our engines. On the 1B we’ve had 35,000 flight hours with 99.97% dispatch reliability. And on the 2B, on the 747, we have 310,000 flight hours with 99.94% dispatch reliability. I mean, the engine is performing very well in the fleet, and customers love it. So we have got to work through Boeing. And we’re trying to help them with whatever they’re working through, and we will, but so far for us, we’re very pleased and our customers are very pleased with the GEnx.
Keith Sherin: It does vary. I think on some things like asset back lending, we’ve seen some more competition. But in other places, we’ve had less competitors. Overall, for CLL in order to do $14.5 billion in the Americas that are 2.4 in the quarter, that’s pretty good volume and at a pretty good rate. So the team has been very disciplined on pricing and margin hurdles, and so far we have been able to get the volume we wanted at the return hurdles that we’ve set. And we expect to see that continuing in 2013. I think we saw a little bit of a bubble with the fourth quarter from some of the fiscal cliff activity as people did a lot of refinancing and tried to get gains on sales of their properties out in the quarter. But other than that we've been pretty disciplined on pricing and we expect it to continue to be reasonably good.
Keith Sherin: To recast the orders are basically flat. There are up $56 million ex-Wind and FX, 5%, sorry, up -- they are up 5% ex-Wind and FX. So the recast we put a little bit more incorporate out of the energy infrastructure recast, but I think it’s insignificant.
Keith Sherin: Well, you’re going to, you are obviously right, you are going to see and we’ve talked about it the last six months that with the Aviation backlogs of three to four to five years of Equipment, you are going to see lumpiness in those orders. We feel great about the position and obviously, as the Airbus and Boeing, airframers increased their production run rates we are going to continue to see volume growth as you see in ’11 to ’12 and ’12 to ’13 we expect more commercial volume growth. But I would expect the orders to be lumpy. The one offset to that as you’re starting to see the Leap Max orders come in and so that will be an offset as you know there has been pretty good success in the marketplace from the 737 Max.
Keith Sherin: As you know that the PTC extension is a little different this time, Steve. It’s a -- the units will have to be in production by the end of the year and that’s yet to be defined.
Keith Sherin: You look at 2012, I mean wind revenue was up close to 50% and the margins are down a couple points and they were already below-average for the company. So this had a huge 20 basis point impact on the total year, on the total company. And I think as you go into ‘13 you’re going to have a couple billion dollars less of wind revenue. So we do expect that to be a positive. I don’t know if you get to a full 20 basis points, we’ll have to see how the PTC impacts that but will be a net positive versus what we saw in 2012, Shannon.
Keith Sherin: And I think if you look at order pricing overall you look at our total order price index, for the company it’s been positive all year along 2012 and in total it was a positive 0.5 point, 50 basis points in the fourth quarter for the total year of deposits of 60 basis points. I don’t think -- I think pricing is not going to change and our view continues to see strong…
Keith Sherin: Actually, these are lumpy. The orders here are probably lumpier than others, particularly with the CSA. So I would say we have a huge backlog. And then our estimate of 5% organic revenue growth in services really assumes that aviation spares has a better 2013. So I think the combination of the fact that you get $157 billion backlog. Sometimes what’s goes in the orders of 10 or 15 years of commitment, right. So those goal based on sharp business and stuff like that, that we can model that makes us feel good about it. And some pieces really, we’re expecting aviation spares to bounce back and those two things, I think really lead you to 5% service organic growth.
Keith Sherin: Well, look, I don’t want to change to necessarily to 2% to 6%, Chris. What I would say is that the way we finish the year, the building on the backlog, I’d say the strength of orders makes us feel good about next year and makes us feel good about the momentum we have going into next year. And then the only thing I’d add to that vis-à-vis organic growth and how it splits. Again, we don’t do some point estimates. It’s just wind is lumpy and wind is going to continue to be lumpy in the future. But if you take that out, the rest of the company, I’d say you feel pretty good about where we’re positioned going into next year. You had pretty good data -- really you had five of six businesses with what I would call robust order growth in the quarter from an industrial standpoint.
Keith Sherin: Well, if you look in the third quarter our parent order in total was down 1.9, and in the fourth quarter it’s down two-tenths. I said thermal including services went from a negative 2.7 in the third quarter to a positive one in fourth quarter. Wind was down 36 in the third quarter, that’s up four-tenths in the fourth quarter on fewer orders obviously. So those are some of the bigger pieces. Oil and gas third quarter 1.6, positive pricing fourth quarter 1.3 on high orders. Aviation continued positive pricing 2.3% positive in both third quarter and four quarter and healthcare continues to have the negative pricing 1.7 in the third, 1.8 in the fourth quarter. So overall we went from a tenth of a point positive price in the third quarter to 0.5%, 50 basis points positive in the fourth quarter. And it's a big area of focus, obviously as the whole team is working on improving margins and I think they’ve got some pretty good traction here. I think the supply demand characteristics are what they are by business but overall for the portfolio to have 0.5 point of positive price a good place for us to be is the fourth quarter.
Keith Sherin: I think thermal pricing is lumpy, I would take it for the whole year, a half a percent up with equipment and services, that’s kind of the way we look. We’re expecting it to be flat to slightly positive for the year, Steve [Wolf] said it was going to be a little lumpy. And I think that's about where we are, obviously with the market where it is, I mean the supply demand characteristics are tougher in thermal. And on the other hand, you look at oil and gas, on the supply chain tightening, they are better in aviation. So I think it varies by business but overall we hit what Steve said a little better for the total year on thermal and 0.5 point up.
Keith Sherin: We saw a little bit of strength in U.S., I’d say in healthcare and appliances. And we saw a tonne of strength elsewhere, I’d say natural and we saw more that in oil and gas and aviation, energy, really across the board so. Again I think it’s fits the broader, it fits the broader, I’d say dialog and that we kind of think the growth markets will continue to grow in ‘13. And I want to think about the U.S., you’ve got a slow and steady housing recovery that I think is very positive. And then there is still lot of physical uncertainty and how those blend through into U.S. GDP in 2013, we’ll see.
Keith Sherin: Well, we’ll see. I think diversified funding base is good in that regard. Right now, we already in that business as you know a lot of it is financed by deposits, alternative funding and securitization. So now we’ve got a kind of a different kind of deposits, more internet bank deposits. And at the end of the day, having more diversified funding, I think does give more flexibility for future activity. We don’t have anything of that going on right now but I think just from having a more diversified funding based, you would have more optionality.
Keith Sherin: I’ll take a shot at the aviation first. Then you can talk about energy. Maybe -- if you think about 787 exposure, we obviously have inventory, our plan for 2013 we shipped 113 GEnx engines in ‘12. Our plan would be to ship 200 engines. So we’ll see where Boeing goes with that. As I said, we haven't had any changes to the demand production schedule from Boeing on that yet and a bunch of those engines are on 747 as well. So, for us, I think, if there is a push out of some engines in the first quarter, we may have a little more inventory and having less engines and RevRac maybe slight positive for margins. I mean, I don’t really know the difference between what we are going to do this year versus what we did in the first quarter last year until we get finalize the Boeing. But I don’t see a material impact on this, on us at all and as I said, the engines are performing extremely well. So, we feel good. The customers love this plane. They’ve had a ton of positive feedback and Boeing has to work through this issue and they will work through, we are confident of that.
Keith Sherin: Yeah. Really the biggest dynamic for us Daniel is in the Wind business. The Wind business has significant progress collections in prior periods and in total the Wind business was a drag on working capital in 2012 of about $1.5 billion. So, the rest of the businesses with their earnings growth and management working capital we are able to overcome that. And then as you know, we had about $400 million of pension funding that we did that we didn’t have any in 2011. So that $400 million was also part of the [GE]. But the biggest, biggest driver for us on working capital is a drag in the year was wind. And the businesses overcame that.
Keith Sherin: It’s pretty broadly across the company, Daniel. We have every one of our teams working on lowering their structure. So having more consolidated high level P&Ls, we have everybody participating and putting their back offices into centers of excellence and more shared services across the company. And we have a common IT, initiative across the company to reduce our general ledger and enterprise resource planning systems that is pretty much across the portfolio. So everybody is participating, everybody has cost targets and it’s pretty broadly.
