Lawrence Culp: Pete, thank you. I share your excitement. I think we're going to have some fun.  I'd like to close on Slide 12. GE continued to build momentum in the third quarter. Aerospace delivered a very strong quarter. Renewables is taking action to reset for profitable growth. Power remains on track for stable earnings and cash and Healthcare, as Pete just outlined, improved performance. Lean and decentralization are the key enablers of this momentum, driving safety, quality, delivery and cost improvements, which serve as the foundation of all we do at GE. And these improvements are sustainable. Take my 2021 Kaizen week team at Lean. One year later, the team has enhanced our closed-loop machining process on the T700 mid frame. Now while there's always more to do, this process is delivering close to 100% first-time yields compared to about 50% previously. Real lien sticks and we're scaling it across lines, sites and businesses. And with that Lean foundation, GE continues to lead with innovation. At Aerospace, we completed testing on our second XA100 adaptive cycle engine partnering with the U.S. Air Force. It's an innovative engine that pairs power with efficiency. Healthcare made further progress in the home care space, expanding its live core relationship and announcing a new collaboration with AMC Health to enable remote patient monitoring. Empower secured an order from Kindle Energy to provide a class power generation equipment. This will help support Louisiana's ongoing energy transition, initially fueled by natural gas, with the ability to use up to 50% hydrogen by volume.  It's clear our businesses are creating a smarter and more efficient future of flight, driving decarbonization through the energy transition and enabling precision healthcare. And we're set to unleash their full potential through our plans to launch three independent investment-grade industry leaders, starting with GE Healthcare in just two short months.  Steve, with that, let's go to questions.
Lawrence Culp: Nigel, let me take that in order. I think what we have laid out today, what we've been working on all year really puts us in a position for Onshore Wind to be profitable in 2024. That's not the end state, but it's an important way point for us given recent performance, obviously.  The charge that we're taking here, the $500 million is geared toward resolving the fleet availability issues that we've touched on. I think that gives us ample room to tend to what we need to deal with and move forward from there. That not only helps us with fleet availability, but the other design and manufacturing improvements we referenced, in addition to the restructuring, are what really set us up to be more profitable and to be flat out profitable in 2024. So next year will be another year where we'll probably have parentheses around the op profit numbers, but then we get to where we need to be in '24, and we'll move on from there.  We really aren't expecting in the short term, Carolina touched on this, meaningful help from the IRA. In fact, we're going to -- we've seen some business move from '22 to '23 in as a result of customers taking a pause, waiting for the incentives that they'll enjoy in all likelihood next year in a way that they couldn't access this year.  But we've never had more clarity, we've never had I think, better visibility about U.S. government support for onshore wind than we do now for the rest of the decade. But none of the operating actions that we've highlighted here are relying on that legislation.  Remember, we didn't think that was going to happen when we talked to you in late July. That was a pleasant third quarter surprise. So everything we've been doing operationally is geared toward a lower level of volume, profitability in that context. But the Inflation Reduction Act just, I think, improves the prospects for this business for a decade meaningfully.
Lawrence Culp: Anthony, thanks for the question. Yes, look, to your point, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, actually Q3, we see a positive global growth market, backlog price improving. But we are watching this evolving environment, particularly in the U.S.  The public markets outside of the U.S. and EMEA and Asia, particularly China, there's actually a reasonable amount of stimulus money or post-COVID investment going in to increase growth. But we see the patient demand from some of the different reports that's out on the street, both from med tech as well as other providers to be showing incremental growth. Obviously, there's been some increases in cost of labor, but that seems to be subsiding.  And so I'm now pretty regularly speaking with customers and we still see a reasonable amount of pent-up demand within the system. I think we all realize that year-over-year '21 to '20, it's actually a tough comp. It was a pretty big recovery in procedures as well as equipment growth. And so we're still seeing if you look at a two-year stack, we're still seeing double-digit growth versus '20 in '19.  So keeping a sharp eye on it for sure. Look, relative to we'll obviously talk a lot more about our strategy on December 8, and then we'll plan to talk about our guidance in our normal time periods at the end of the Q4 announcement. Thanks, again, for your question.
Lawrence Culp: And Andy, I think our current intent now that we have just come out of our strat plan cycle, and are heading into budgets here over the next several weeks is to effectively do what we've, I think, done in the last several years and provide that forward-looking outlook cash and everything else at fourth quarter earnings in January.
Lawrence Culp: Brendan, I don't think so whatsoever. I think that in many respects, one could argue that it has been the pursuit of scale that has led us in part to our current underperformance. We have led the last several years, as you know well, here in North America in the U.S. It's a market where we've got a home field advantage. It tends to be one of the better geographies in the entire onshore wind space.  And I think all you're really seeing is do with respect to the restructuring, the selectivity efforts and the change in our product road maps is to really make sure that we are in a position to lead through this order's trough, particularly in North America, but come out of it not only with better products, better value propositions, better cost structures but ultimately, better performance as we move forward here, both for our customers and investors.  I don't think that anything that we're doing here does anything to undermine our competitiveness. I would argue it will enhance our competitiveness, particularly at a time when I think many customers are looking forward here when the IRA kicks in, and we're going to go quickly from a trough period to a time of scarcity where it won't be about one upsmanship or specmanship, it will really be about reliability.  We're going to lead in that fashion. We can be better than we are today. And I know that's what Scott and the rest of the Onshore Wind team are committed to. It may mean that we don't play in as many markets as we have historically. I think that will be a good thing because we have no intention of being all things to all people in any of our businesses. That's particularly important in onshore wind. I think it's part of what you've seen, Scott and the team do effectively in running what we refer to as the power playbook as they've transformed that business. And that's certainly going to be an important part of the program in Onshore Wind and, frankly, more broadly across Renewables, but it's particularly acute given the relative size of the operating loss today in onshore.
Lawrence Culp: Nicole, we're, again, very much on track not only with the health care spend with Pete and team here early in the new year, but Vernova in early '24, just as we laid out last November. I think you're spot on. We aspire to have all three businesses be investment grade as we move forward with the plan. And that framework, that commitment very much intact, which is why I'm excited about both what we're doing operationally in terms of controlling the controllable, and we've touched on that a couple of times relative to our product strategy, the fleet availability effort with the charge today and obviously, the restructuring.  That coupled with the legislative support that we're seeing here in the U.S. and clearly the enhanced concerns around the energy trilemma, particularly energy security in Europe, I think, bode very well for Renewables and all of GE Vernova. We do a lot of things.  And I think increasingly, as we talk to customers, particularly in this environment, our strategy, our breadth to help them navigate sustainability objectives, security, let alone affordability concerns couldn't be more timely. So I think we feel good about those things within our control, which the print were otherwise, but I think it's very much an investment in the trajectory of this business, which, again, will be an investment-grade business. So very much on track.
Lawrence Culp: Joe, thanks for the question. As I mentioned in the comments, I mean, we made a conscious decision with the mid-single-digit growth that we see here in the second half and really going into next year, to index on taking on sourcing and stocking the right level of critical parts.  And as you've heard in other areas within healthcare and other parts of the business, certain areas such as chips and other areas, sometimes you just can't count on a consistent flow. And in our case, where there might be a couple of thousand components that come into an MRI. The shortage of 1 or 2 pieces could let that big chunk of equipment actually not get transferred. And so that's part of what we've laid out. We actually have a very strong backlog and commitment for customer orders well out into '23.  And so I think what we're seeing now is we're going to continue to see that moving through. Obviously, we had -- as we mentioned, we actually had quarter-over-quarter improvement. I believe sequentially, we were -- free cash flow grew about $450 million and year-over-year in the upper 20s. But I think you're going to see more of that accelerate into Q4 into the next year. But the majority of it is really liquidating it here with the commitments that we have and as the supply chain improves, which we are seeing quarter-over-quarter.
Lawrence Culp: And I think, clearly, Julian, we're feeling the other side of that in the absence of a healthy order book with the PTC labs all the more, given some of the postponement that we've seen here of late relative to business we anticipated this year.  But I think Caroline has got it right. We'll be in a more normal environment in terms of the order book and the attendant flows. I also think some of the product rationalization that we've hit on will help us from a working capital perspective as well, right, with the -- just the variance in the extreme customization that we've fallen to in a couple of areas. There's no way that hasn't had us carrying more inventory then we aspire to carry in this business.  So a lot that we can do. But again, I think the template that you've seen over the last several years at Power is a pretty good road map here for what we are working on and what you'll see more clearly in the financials in that business in the next several years.
Lawrence Culp: Deane, you're exactly right. We've just been through a couple of weeks with Renova, in fact, just given the breadth of the portfolio, timely, obviously, in the wake of not only what's happened in in Ukraine and turn Europe but also the IRA. We recently did the same with the Aerospace team. I think I referenced that in the prepared remarks. We actually ran through the healthcare strat plan earlier in our calendar that is normal simply to make sure we have that as a front-end load to all the subsequent work that Pete and the team have done in part the Form-10 that just came public.  I would say overall, from a process perspective, really quite pleased in all three instances as to how far we've come over the last several years, frankly, just sharpening up our strategic intentions around those critical questions. You've heard me ask a lot over the years, what game are we playing and how do we win.  I think that as we look at the macro, Deane, we don't have a unique house view here as to how things are going to play out. I think like others, we're concerned just around the host of issues that are out there. But that said, at Aerospace, we have tremendous demand. Again, the customers I speak to on a regular basis are quite bullish about their outlook. They need us to continue to support them, and we intend to do that.  I'm sure you'll hear later this week from our airframer customers and the ramps that are underway in new plane production, we want to do the same with them. So we're not unmindful of the macro at Aerospace, but we've got a lot of activity to work through and perhaps a little bit of a secular exemption to some of the near-term economic uncertainty.  Pete, I think, spoke well to healthcare. But here, again, post COVID in addition to the backlog work down that we will pursue, I think, healthcare modernization -- Pete mentioned China, I think we're going to see the same thing here in the U.S., Europe, also a priority. I think that bodes well, particularly for how we play in precision health.  And then, again, given the support here in the U.S. around the inflation Reduction Act primarily for wind and grid, but to a degree, gas. But also this more pragmatic approach to the trilemma I think, is going to really help both Renewables and Power as we move forward, and that's not a '23 dynamic.  So again, I don't want to suggest that any of our businesses are insulated or immune from the broader economic context -- but I do think we've got specific secular drivers in addition to so much that is within our control to work through it. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to control the controllable, stay true to the Lean agenda and put forward the best fourth quarter and the best 2023, we possibly can. 
Lawrence Culp: Steve, thank you. Just to close here, the team, the GE team delivered again in the third quarter, led by Aerospace, a very strong quarter. The spins are on track, starting with Healthcare in early January. As Pete mentioned, before then, we hope to see many of you at our GE Healthcare Investor Day on the 8th of December. And we do appreciate your time today, your interest in GE, your investment in our company. And we stand by Steve, Carolyn and the rest of the IR team to help as you consider GE and GE Healthcare in your investment processes.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Okay. So sure, I understood the question. So you're talking about how we get to the cash in 2023. Okay. So we've talked about the different businesses and where we are. Just to comment on the restructuring. So the restructuring that we take this year, you are right that cash will impact 2023 and probably also 2024. But that said, with where we are now, we have strong momentum going into 2023, and we've talked about us expecting a significant improvement of both profit and cash for 2023 and that still holds.  You look at it business by business, aerospace clearly on a big rebound from COVID and an unprecedented ramp, which will continue in the next year. We have healthcare that Pete just mentioned, still strong orders and executing on the backlog, so that will continue to go into 2023 as well.  On Renewables, as we take the charge is one thing, but we will also expect to start to see the impact from both the improved availability on our products as well as the cost out that we mentioned earlier today. So you'll start to see that improvement.  And then for Power. I would say we expect services to continue to grow, still continue to improve. Grid being profitable. And you put all of that together, and I would add to that also the working capital opportunity with reducing inventory and ARs. Put all of that together and you're going to see a strong improvement in 2023.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. So Jeff, on AD&A, you're right. When you referenced the $1 billion of headwind year-over-year, that's comparing '21 to '22. So in '21, we were $0.5 million positive. And if we were expecting to be about $0.5 billion negative in 2022. The way it has panned out is that in the third quarter, we had about $300 million of positive flow, which gets us sort of year-to-date still negative. But if we put the full year 2022, now our latest expectation is that we will be flat in year flow.  If you then look into 2023, we do expect the airframes to continue to deliver aircraft from inventory. So that will be than a headwind for us with the outflows. But we also expect the engine deliveries from us to provide some, I would say, some offset to that number. And exactly where that lands, we'll talk to you more about when we guide for next year.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Thanks, Steve. So yes, if I compare to where we were in Laguna, well, first of all, I'd like to say that I'm really proud of how the teams came together and performed to deliver this $1.2 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. And I would say, overall, the dynamics did play out as we've talked about them. The receivables were higher than we would have wanted, pushing collections to the following quarter. And we also had elevated material purchases to derisk the fourth quarter delivery and you see that on the inventory.  What was better than anticipated, a couple of things. We saw stronger aerospace performance, higher earnings. And then you know it's going to be about services, so better services and especially on the spare parts side.  Then we also saw stronger utilization both on aero engines and gas turbines, and that drove higher billings and higher collections, and you can see that on contract assets. We're also working to have more rigor on receivable daily management, and we actually managed to collect more than we thought. So we reduced so by 2-days year-over-year, which was better than we thought across the businesses.  And then finally, on AD&A, the aircraft delivery is pushed relative to the forecast, which really -- well, that's a positive impact for us on our numbers. So overall, that's what got us to $1.2 billion of free cash flow, and reiterating the guide of $4.5 billion of free cash flow for the full year.  Your second question was on the healthcare proceeds. So yes, we've talked about that we would keep a part of healthcare, but it's too early to say what we're going to do with that. We are -- we have a capital allocation framework and the capital iteration structure. So in due time, we'll come back to that and share more.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Andrew, thanks for asking. So to start with, I would say this transaction is really a good example of how we continue to work to reduce risk. So we're bringing back $2.5 billion of assets that were previously held by a third party. And we said we will invest that. I would say everything that reduces risk and makes it a stronger book is a positive and keeps our optionality broader for the future.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: So Julian, well, you mentioned a couple of the most important ones to start with. So as we're working through -- the restructuring is one piece of it. But also the sort of the workhorse and the industrialization will help improve the products and also how we install the product. So you put all of that together, you will see improved profitability. And of course, you won't see the recurring -- you won't say the charges that we take this year going forward.  So we do see some cash pressure in, I would say, 2022. But for 2023, if you think about it, you have Grid positive and you have a significant improvement on the Onshore Wind side. You have I would say, the continued decentralization and restructuring actions there. So you put all of that together, you will see a significant improvement in 2023 and that moving on then into 2024. And in 2024, basically, the restructuring is completed. You'll see the full benefits and we expect to see a big IRA demand volume coming through.  Some of them probably end 2023, but the majority of that coming in 2024. And now with those -- with the new orders to get progress payments as well. So that's how you step sort of through '22, '23 to '24 on profit and also on cash.
