Jeffrey R. Immelt: Thanks, Jeff. We really have no change for the operating framework in the year. There are always a few puts and takes, but we remain on track. We will hit our $1.45 to $1.55 EPS goal despite FX headwinds of $0.02 to $0.04 in the year, and we expect to deliver $29 billion to $32 billion of free cash flow plus dispositions, in line with our plans. I thought we'd give you some context for the company beyond 2016, particularly given the volatility of our markets. First, Alstom is on track, and I expect us to hit all of our goals. Transportation and Oil & Gas are in tough cycles. They represent 15% of our earnings, and it's hard to see them improving in 2017. But at the same time, Power and Aviation remain strong. They're 60% of our earnings, and we see consistent performance year over year. They have very strong service franchises, productivity programs, and our market positions are growing. Healthcare, Energy Connections, and Renewables have generally favorable markets and real opportunities for growth and margin expansion. In particular, Healthcare feels sustainable, with diverse growth and market momentum. These businesses represent 25% of our earnings. And we'll continue to execute on GE Capital and Corporate. So really, 85% of our company is in great shape, winning in markets with high visibility, and so we remain on track for the 2018 bridge to $2.00 a share of EPS. The strength of our diversified model is key in a volatile environment. Matt, now over to you for questions.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: So, Shannon, I'll hit the first one. Again, I think the momentum for Predix is growing. There's no doubt that partnerships like the one with Microsoft, the notion of putting Predix as really the analytical platform inside of Azure I think is a big signal to the industry. Huawei in China is another great relationship that will help us extend on a global basis big wins like the one with Schindler, I think gets us in a completely new industry space for Predix. So I just think what you're seeing is momentum taking off, and we're pleased with the partnership numbers. And I think that will continue to accelerate through the year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Andrew, again, I think sometimes, particularly with AGPs, there's some timing involved. I think in the second half of the year in services, we expect orders to be mid-single-digits positive. So again, our business model there, 5% organic growth in the first half, backlog growth, and our visibility in the second half I think is all quite positive around services.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I would only add to what Jeff said. Again, I think a lot of this is a Power story. And with their shipment backlog in the second half, their operating profit growth is quite robust in the second half of the year. And I think, Jeff, the way you think about the walk I think is still more or less intact from the standpoint of how we think about the company for 2016.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Jeff, so I would maybe talk about the capital allocation piece. And, Jeff, maybe you talk about the leverage piece. So I'd say capital allocation hasn't really changed that much since EPG. I think we're just looking for the highest return. I think, Andrew, we've got a lot of good ideas inside the company, but we'll be disciplined about those ideas. And it's really for us just making the right – the smart investments for investors vis-à-vis buyback versus acquisitions. But we always have good ideas inside the company. And, Jeff, on the...
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Yes, so, I'll take a crack and, Jeff, you could add to it. But again, I think if you look at the gas turbine Balance of Plant activity, Steve, we're already seeing tremendous pull-through vis-à-vis the Balance of Plant. Services, I think the customer reception in services is quite positive. And so we're seeing good activity around energy efficiency upgrades, bringing AGPs to the steam side as well as the gas side, things like that. I think similarly Grid revenue growth, which is something that we hadn't put a lot of benefits towards, I think we see Grid as being potential upside as time goes on as well. So I would say Balance of Plant, more steam activity than we had anticipated, better Grid acceptance than we had forecasted, and services, which was really the way we underwrote the deal in the first place, is quite positive for Alstom.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: And I would say beyond that for 2016, we profiled that at the end of the first quarter call. We really have no change in how we see the year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: So, Deane, what I would do is I would say versus just talking geographically, I would talk industry-wide and go back to, say, Oil & Gas and Transportation, which are both really around the resource sector, oil on the Oil & Gas side and coal on the Transportation side. Those are tough cycles, and those are tough cycles mainly in North America. The Power and Aviation businesses, we don't see – we see continued Aviation strength. The Power market is okay, but there's plenty of growth out there for us to go after and go get. Healthcare is better, not just in the U.S., but globally. Energy Connections, the Oil & Gas stuff is tough, but the rest of the stuff is quite strong. And we think Renewables is in a very good cycle right now, both in the U.S. and globally. So that's the mix of the world. Now if you bore in on some place like China, the Healthcare business was awesome in China. Our Energy orders grew by more than 30% in the second quarter in China. Aviation was negative, but that really wasn't because of revenue passenger miles. That was because we had big orders last year. So we see, I would say, around the edges, China getting better, Europe stable. And then you can – puts and takes in the rest of the world. So there's plenty of growth out there for us to go get in the second half and into 2017. In terms of Brexit, I just think Brexit is just another point of volatility. It wasn't the outcome we hoped for, but we were plenty ready for that as just another point of volatility.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Great, Matt. Thanks. I would just say first half more or less what we expected, positioned for a strong second half of 2016 with what we have in backlog. I think looking forward, we are again confirming the bridge to $2.00 a share by 2018. And it's really driven by real strength in Power and Aviation, strong turnarounds in Energy Conversion, Healthcare, Renewables, good Alstom execution. And the strength of the GE portfolio I think offsets weaknesses in the Oil & Gas and Transportation business, and that really is the strength of the company is the diversified portfolio and the ability to meet our commitments, even with this volatility.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I don't have much to add other than when you think about Power, about 65% of our gas turbines are in the second half. AGPs will grow 60% year over year in the second half. That's a big source of it. Oil & Gas, the comps do get better or less difficult in the second half of the year. And we've got about 70%-plus of the revenue for Oil & Gas, based on our forecast of revenue the second half in backlog. And as you mentioned, the balance of portfolio, we expect roughly mid-single-digit growth.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: So a couple thoughts. On value gap for the year, I don't think we've changed our outlook. We've said we expect value gap for the year to be roughly flat or neutral for the year, with strong – roughly $1 billion direct material benefits, offset by price and a little bit of inflation on our other variable costs, so no change of outlook on value gap. Value gap in the second quarter discretely was a positive, not huge but it was a positive in the second quarter. As you work down that margin walk, the 110 basis points in other, 40 basis points of that is foreign exchange. It's the marks generally on our hedges that are moving through that line. Then you get about 40 basis points of inflation on other base costs, including compensation, et cetera; and then a small impact associated with minority interest in JVs, which is about a 20 basis point negative in the quarter.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I would just add, I talked about AGPs being up 60% year over year in the second half and a total year outlook of 135 to 150 versus 119 last year. That is a big driver. We see double-digit services order growth in the second half of the year here and very solid mid-single-digit growth in our Aviation service business. And those are the two big drivers on the service side.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Listen, we're going to have a very large fourth quarter because we've got an enormous Renewables and Power fourth quarter, no question about it. We expect to grow sequentially in the third quarter. I'm not giving you third quarter op profit guidance. But I think the variables that we've talked about, Power volume in the second half of the year, Oil & Gas on a year-over-year basis less negative than they were in the first half of the year. We expect Energy Connections to accelerate, and we expect the Alstom synergies as well as the ROME (50:50) restructuring synergies to really kick-in in the second half of the year. We're looking for a real acceleration there. So that's where we see the op profit growth in the second half of the year, one. Two, that's why we're so confident that we can deliver 50 basis points of margin expansion for the total year, having been flat in the first half.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: I would just say, just remember that the $18 billion target we have for GE Capital difference in the year assumed that we would de-designate. So there's no change in that framework. It happened sooner rather than later, which is really outstanding, and that has allowed us to accelerate the buyback. I talked about the $5 billion loan we did in the year through GE Capital (53:09), where they have excess debt, excess cash. We took that and we did a $5 billion ASR here in June, and so our buyback through the first half of the year is about $13.7 billion, so we're running ahead of the plan here. Our average buyback is below $30 a share, so I think we feel pretty good about that. On the leverage, the leverage is going to be paced by the opportunities to put that capital to work if we, in fact, do it, and the returns that we can generate for shareholders. And I would say everything else being equal, I think we've consistently said we're more focused on M&A and where those opportunities lie than we are on anything else, and that will be paced on the ideas that we have.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Listen, I think this is all about what we talked to you about in terms of restructuring the cost in the business. And through the first half of the year, we realized about $300 million, a little less than $300 million of benefits through the entirety of the income statement around all those efforts, head count, cost, deflation, restructuring agreements with suppliers, et cetera. We're still pushing hard for the $800 million in the second half of the year. So you get a real acceleration between what we started and executed in 2015, what we've executed in the first half of 2016, that everything else being equal, we expect to deliver an additional $500 million of cost-out in the second half of the year. So if volume stays intact and our outlook on revenue in the second half is roughly close, we ought to be in reasonably good shape. There's some risk, obviously, that if volume is a little bit lighter that some of the benefits, even though the actions have been taken, because you lose the volume leverage may not materialize. But I think we feel, and Lorenzo [Simonelli] and the team feel really good about the execution they're doing around the restructuring in the projects inside the business.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: Yes, I would just add. Listen, the team is executing. Through the half we've got in excess of $400 million of synergies executed so far against the goal of $1.1 billion for the year. That feels good. As Jeff said, the Power I mentioned earlier when I went through the results. The backlog we acquired in the Power business is up 22% as of the first half. So those synergies on the growth side are absolutely materializing here, and we feel great about that. So I think the execution is pretty good. We did have a cash use for the first half of the year. We expected a cash use for the first half of the year. We hope to be neutral for the year as part of the cash recovery in the second half of the year. But I would say on par, I think we feel really good about both the cost and the growth synergies we're realizing so far.
Jeffrey S. Bornstein: There are multiple questions in there. Let me start with this. Let me start with CFOA. So through the half, Industrial CFOA was about $400 million. So when we look to the second half, we've guided $12 billion to $14 billion for the year. We've not changed anything about that guidance. So how do you go from $400 million of Industrial CFOA in the first half to $12 billion to $14 billion for the year? We look at earnings, cash earnings. So adding back depreciation and amortization as you look forward to the second half, we see that as about $8 billion. We think we're going to reduce working capital $3 billion to $4 billion. A big part of that is the inventory reductions that we talked about, partly driven by Power but also driven by Renewable and our other businesses. And we need to be better on receivables. Our delinquency rates in the first half were higher than we estimated. We think we can get that back on par. So if we just get back to the inventory performance we went out of 2015 with, if we get back to delinquency and receivable performance that we ended 2015 with, that in total generates about $3 billion to $4 billion of working capital cash flow. And then I just talked about Alstom. So we used a little more than $800 million of cash in the first half of the year on Alstom. We still expect to be roughly neutral in the second half of the year, so that's an $800 million turnaround. And then I think earlier when I went through the results, I talked about we had some unfavorable timing on tax. That's not an issue for the year. That's just a first half/second half issue. So that's how we got to work our way back to $12 billion to $14 billion of CFOA for the year, which supports what Jeff talked about of $29 billion to $32 billion of free cash flow plus dispositions for the total company.
