Jeffrey Bornstein: Yeah, Listen I think we’re very happy with the level of growth in the quarter. Reflects a lot of the order activity we had in 2013. As we said the short cycle businesses were definitely impacted by weather in the first quarter. We expect Industrial Solutions, Appliances and Lighting to get better as we move in the second quarter in the year. We’re still on framework. We expect organic growth for the year to be between 4% and 7% and I think we’re pleased that we are off to a strong start here. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Mix was a bit of a head win for us in the quarter, more than 100 basis points in the quarter. That’s the strength and wind, the strength you heard Rod talk about with 37% sales growth in Subsea while MNC volume was down 7%. Mix for us in the quarter was about 100 or 120 basis points of headwind. And that was offset with strong value gap, a little bit of favorability in R&D, but principally by simplification. We had 160 basis points of favorability and structural cost and getting at delivering on both the structural cost initiative and delivering on the restructuring investments we’ve made. And that was partially offset by base cost inflation that generally reflects increases in salaries. I think we feel very good about the construct in the quarter. It’s more or less how we thought about the year and what we described to you at yearend. We know that we are going to grow equipment and revenue faster than services this year. And so mix will be an item for the year. We have to deliver on simplification, overcome that and grow margins. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yeah. Sure, Steve. Reported revenue, up 8%. Acquisitions added 2 points. Dispositions had a 1.4 point impact, but then foreign exchange was half a point and that’s how you go from 8 to 8.
Jeffrey Bornstein: The $3 billion was in the context of the capital allocation plan that we put together for 2014. And we saw the first quarter where markets was very opportunistic. We issued the $3 billion. We were immensely oversubscribed and we’re very pleased with the rates that we took the $3 billion at, well inside on after tax basis our dividend yield. That’s how we size it within the context of our capital allocation game plan for the year. We’re constantly reevaluating the capital allocation game plan with the team and the board, and we’ll continue to do that.
Jeffrey Bornstein: No. It's the relevant comfortable number within the context of the capital allocation plan we pulled together for the year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yeah. So, CLL we did sell about 18,000 boxcars per diems, meaning daily rental boxcars in the quarter that was worth a little north of $100 million. We did sell some private equity investments that we do reasonably routinely and just a little bit of Volcker driven the first quarter. That was a much smaller gain. And then energy finance, it's pretty routine for us. We had about, I don’t know, $150 million of gains associated with properties that we sold in energy finance in the first quarter.
Jeffrey Bornstein: So just on that front, I’d just add that they actually -- you can't see it in the results yet. It's getting eaten up in operations, but we are making progress in restructuring. We had close to a $25 million of benefits in restructuring in the first quarter, and we expect that to accelerate throughout the year. There is some progress here. Our manufacturing delinquencies are down 50% versus yearend and so, we are making progress. I understand -- completely understand you can't see it in the results yet, but our expectations are this business is going to improve dramatically from an operating earnings perspective over the balance of the year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: No. I think that’s what we guided at yearend, that we expected the value gap for the year to be $100 million to $200 million. In the quarter you’re not too far off the mark here in terms of value gap. I think what you’ve got to bear in mind is within our value gap this quarter power and water was negative, but not extraordinarily negative. And we expect price, particularly in thermal to be much tougher as we work through the backlog for the balance of the year. So you’re correct. The framework was up to $200 million and you’re not far off the mark on the impact in the quarter. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yeah. So, no change on the framework that I gave you at yearend on wind deliveries. I said that we’d do about 3,000 units and that’s still what we expect to do. In terms of first half, second half, it’s a little bit heavier weighted to the second half of the year. We’ll do I don’t know about 1,800 of those 3,000 in the third and fourth quarter. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes. The tax rate -- I think what I said was we still expect the industrials tax rate to be about 20% and we still expect the GE Capital tax rate to be single digits in the year. I don’t think our view of taxes has changed at all for the total year. The Algerian units and the mega deal are in our orders book. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: I want to clear up one thing before we move on to the next question. On energy financing I think Jeff Sprague asked me on gains and energy finance. I think I said 150. It was 120. That’s about 60 higher year over year. That was partly offset by about $100 million of increased higher requirements this year versus last year so I just wanted to make sure that was clear.
Jeffrey Bornstein: The GECAS business order magnitude is roughly the size over to the context of GE capital and company but it’s probably going to be long-term, plus or minus. They’ll continue to originate, they’ll continue to grow. I talked about their volume in the first quarter being very strong year over year at very attractive returns so they’ll continue to be very active and write new business. At the same time they’ll continue to prune the portfolio they have and that allows them, it creates the capacity for them to continue to be in the market and right volume. Assets year over year I think were flat for GECAS so… 
Jeffrey Immelt: Scott I would just add, I think wind always adds a little bit of noise plus or minus around each quarter. It was more on the plus side this quarter. And like I said at the outlook meeting in December, we have an internal plan that adds up to more than the range and that’s how we run the businesses and that’s -- I think we still believe in the framework for the year. But we have an internal plan that adds up to more than that. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah. I think Scott this is – we’ve gotten a couple of commitments and we’re in the process of rolling that out as we speak. We think this is going to be a great product at really a good time. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Yeah, I wouldn’t read too much into it, Dean other than this is the way we answer the question typically from the standpoint of, we do the vast majority of our acquisitions in that range. People ask if you saw something that was strategic added to the growth rate, bolt-on, well priced secretive. Would you go above that? And clearly when we did Avio that was $4.2 billion and we had one to three type of range. It’s typically the way we answer the question in investor meetings and at the outlook meetings and things like that. Again I think we have discipline on capital allocation. We’re committed to dividend growth, the buyback that we talked about, but if we saw unique value in the marketplace like we did with Avio, we would do transactions like that. 
Jeffrey Immelt: I don’t think so, Steve. I don’t think Jeff said he was carrying the 50 basis points all year, but thank you for that. We’ll have slightly higher restructuring charges in the second quarter. I said we’re still on track for the 1 to 1.5 and we’re going to spend 60% of that spend on the first half of the year. So the second quarter will be a little bit bigger than the first quarter. We will ship more GEnx engines in the second quarter than we shipped in the first quarter. But other than that, not a lot of -- I did mention that we’re working on one disposition. Not sure whether that’s going to be second or third quarter quite yet, but it’s not that a big a deal. Other than that I don’t have a lot of other items to call out for.
Jeffrey Immelt: John, here’s the way I look at it. First from a technical standpoint, there are pieces of the energy management business that are great fits for the rest of the company, like power conversion. As Rod said, that’s a great complement to oil and gas, and some of the things we’re doing. So technically these are industries we understand and can compete in. Our relevant competitors have margin rates that are 10% plus. Some of that’s scale, and some of that’s our own complexity.  What Jeff Bornstein said today is that we’re committed to restructure, and that’s going to provide some big margin lift in that business. And then I just think we can execute better, Mark Begor is a guy that’s well known inside the company of being a great recruiter and an extremely experienced operator, turn around guy and he is in place, and we’re hiring people from the industry. My intent is to run this business and make it better and make it accretive to investors and drive earnings in it. Could there be a couple of segments in there that had long term fits for GE? Could be. We’ll sort that out and be very tough minded about it, but this segment can do better than what you’re seeing right now. And that’s our commitment to you, is to make it better both from a cost standpoint, and from a market standpoint. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Look, everybody -- I think John everybody else, unlike our other businesses where our margins are ahead of our peers, this is one where we trail our peers and we can do better. 
Jeffrey Immelt: John, can I -- I’d add to that. The reinforcement of the way we build our oil and gas business by really invest very specific segments that have faster growth rates than the industry itself. Things like Subsea, turbo machinery and the LNG train, some of our downstream technologies. We really are in the places where there’s going to be a lot of capital continue to be spent. 
Jeffrey Immelt: But I think, Steve, if you look at heavy duty gas turbine orders, I think we said in December what, 125 or something like that. I think we are tracking at least to that. This is a slightly improving market is what I would say, broadly speaking. 
Jeffrey Immelt: The answer I think to the first question is, No and the answer to the second question I think is just slow improvement in the US, starting with Peakers. We haven’t seen big demand for base load units yet but a ton more interest in the US than we’ve seen in the last few years. That’s the way I would describe it Nigel.
