Jeff Immelt: Thanks Keith. And now to the operating framework, we want to confirm our operating framework for the year. We expect industrial earnings to grow double-digits. Energy is going to have a very strong second half, and margins will be positive in the third quarter and for the year. Capital earnings will grow double-digits, commercial real estate has improved dramatically and Europe is manageable.  Our corporate is on track and we will offset any gains with restructuring. Cash expectations are being revised upward because of the capital dividend and pension change. We now expect 17 to $19 billion of CFOA for the year. Organic industrial revenue growth should continue to expand 5 to 10% and we will continue to shrink GE Capital. So, we have a very solid outlook for 2012 and good momentum as we (inaudible) for 2013. Finally, I think there is a lot of positive news reports for investors, we have a solid industrial outlook, we have a big backlog and margin performance, is on track, for the expansion we communicated at EPG, we are getting cash from GE Capital and we will continue to position to be a smaller more valuable franchise. We have a lot of cash, we plan to use the $4.5 billion capital special dividend to buyback additional stock, and those efforts will accelerate in the third quarter. Meanwhile, we will continue to grow the GE dividend line with earnings.  So, in a volatile environment, GE is positioned for double-digit earnings growth and valuable capital allocation. And this is a powerful combination for investors.  So, Trevor let me turn it back over to you and let’s take some questions.
Jeff Immelt: Well, I think if you look at the quarter, we were 19% margins down from 20 last year. Really the good news in aviation, the good news bad news, our margins as we are getting tremendous equipment growth and then we have a negative on equipment service mix. I’d expect that you are going to continue to see that, we have a tremendous backlog on a commercial equipment but you have seen a couple other points on aviation. The R&D as a percent of revenue was leveled off. They are controlling their cost and the improvements that they have made on everything they are doing with launch of the GEnx continue to help us as we look at the pressure that the GEnx engine delivers. So, for me, I think if you look the orders for aviation were down, spare orders were down in the quarter. We went down from in quarter, last year first quarter was 23 a day, second quarter was 20.6, last year it was 27 in the third quarter. We do not anticipate that we are going to get back to that level, but I do anticipate that and the business is forecasting that we will be up in the mid single-digit over the second quarter levels that we saw. So, I think aviation is one that we are confident about the outlook for the year, being positive in terms of our profit.  In the third quarter there is one item, last year we had a gain if you remember it's about $70 million I won’t repeat. In the third quarter I’m not anticipating a really big margin number for these guys but we do anticipate an improvement (inaudible) second quarter. And we do anticipate that they will positive on our profit for the year. 
Jeff Immelt: I think if you go back to EPG we said 30 to 50 basis point this year and 100 basis point in total over ‘12 and ‘13, right. And I think that’s kind of the still the way we look at it. SO, if you take a look we go positive in Q3. Energy drives the big chunk of that I think we are kind of hitting our sweet spot a little bit in the energy and we see that to be very strong. We also see good expansion in our transportation business. We have some easy comps in home and business solutions that will make margins enhancement there actually relatively easy. Keith talked about the aviation margin outlook. In healthcare we have some execution issues that shouldn’t repeat going in the third quarter. So, I see healthcare going positive in Q3 as well. So, we will have basically four or five segments positive in Q3 with energy actually very strong in that context. And if you think about the big levers we have got, we have got value gap, I think value gap is positive and we remain positive going in the ’13. You have got service margins, service margins continue to be positive both this year and next. We got simplification, you have seen what our goals are. And then we have got product cost, and I have got a ton of projects going around the company, we get our product cost down. So, I think on the macro side, kind of we prepared ourselves for pretty tough year this year, and certainly a volatile year. We haven’t been disappointed. We have seen that volatility play through particularly in Europe. And we are going to be equally prepared when you think about ’13. So, I’d see margin expansion this year between 30 and 50 basis points. And then next year I think that will make up for the total of 100. So, between let’s say 50 to 70 basis points next year. And then you are going to have between let’s say 13 and 11. You are going to have at least 100 basis points of expansion over that time period. And I actually see that turning the corner and I think third quarter is going to be pretty good. 
Jeff Immelt: I think our orders, we basically have said that our organic revenue target is up 5 to 10%. Our orders growth basically supports that. I’d expect our orders to continue to grow for the year, I think FX adjusted in high single-digits in that range as the year goes on. We build an incredible backlog over the last period of times. So, we have got a big equipment and service backlog and so, we have drawn kind of positive book-to-bill ratios for long time. So, I think some of that has to be factored in as well, in terms of when you look at new orders.
Jeff Immelt: You know, Shannon, I think there is always mix, kind of falling through this and I am not sure that it’s going to be up five forever. But I do think we have seen it firming in commitments, we have seen that starting to flow through and I think we expect a decent pricing environment going forward.
Jeff Immelt: But I think the net interest margin is very positive. Like most of the metrics being around margins are improving but I think we can get you....
Jeff Immelt: You know, Deane, if you think back over the last few years, we beat every commitment on the side of GE Capital. And one of the things I said at EPT is that I think we are all aligned behind as to continue to make GE Capital smaller and more focused. And we are going to continue to do that and I think BP is a good transaction for us.
Jeff Immelt: Well, we have been in that environment for quite some time in Europe. I think the team has had to take a lot of operating actions, right. We have been very prudent from a risk perspective on increasing our underwriting standards. We have lowered our open lines on credits that were less creditworthy, in Europe. I mean it’s a full core press from the risk team about reducing our exposures in places where we don’t want to have them. We had to add reserves and take some provisions in Italy. I think that’s a tough place. You know previous quarter we had some in Hungary, but that stabilized. That was really a legislative change on mortgages. You know we are watching the Spain consumer business, that’s obviously a tough place. But things like the UK continue to perform, non-earnings are down, delinquencies are down. Delinquencies were up a little bit seasonally but they are less then what normally we would have. And the main drivers as we shrink that book, the non-earning assets and the delinquencies are a higher percent, it’s not that they are going up in terms of dollars. So I think that the risk team has done a really good job in cooperation with the operating team. But right we are at run rate levels if we have specific things that happen we will reserve for them. The biggest change you are seeing across this portfolio is obviously the improvement of real estate values globally. Both the debt and the equity book in the quarter, from a valuation perspective on the work that we did on the assets that were covered, had increases in the valuations. That’s the first time in years you know versus the pressure we have had in the equity and the debt book for almost four years here, Steve.
Jeff Immelt: You know, Steve, we are in a little bit of a different sequence because we are more long cycle oriented stuff. So I think the revenue is up 20% plus in the quarter. Orders slightly below that but still pretty strong and healthcare is very strong. There is a conversion between coal and gas in the power sector. There is, aviation remains pretty strong. So we are not on the short cycle side we are more long cycle driven in China. And we still see a decent environment for us.
Jeff Immelt: You know, Julian, pricing is about -- that’s just kind of the nature of the business. Because it’s a little bit on -- you know you are a little bit on the confusing learning curve. So that’s been kind of nature. The CM rates are still pretty strong and I think that in some ways it’s a little bit of apples and oranges. So I think we see a U.S. healthcare market that’s kind of flat, maybe up a couple of points. As Keith said, Europe is very tough. But the emerging markets in healthcare are pretty dynamic. And I think at EPG we said healthcare is the one plus to two plus, so up single to double. We still think healthcare is going to have a good solid second half of the year.
Jeff Immelt: Let me just go back to what Keith said on pensions just to make sure you guys understand it. So originally I think our funding for this year was going to be a billion....
Jeff Immelt: Extremely small, may be less than a 100 million. So that’s a big benefit in cash over the next few years that investors should understand.
Jeff Immelt: You know we said that in the next year we anticipated $0.03 down versus this year in wind. So we are kind of getting ready for that. You know the industry is reforming kind of outside the United States right now. So we have got some big orders in places like Brazil and Canada and Australia, Turkey, places like that. You know we have navigated the cycle as well as anybody. I think we probably make as much money as the rest of the industry combined or something like that. And we have a pretty good window on the future. So we haven’t....
Jeff Immelt: We haven’t over-invested. We have got a very flexible supply chain. So I think we are just going to kind of ride the wave. But we do think that its $0.03 headwind next year and we are already taking action to kind of be able to offset that.
Jeff Immelt: You know, Chris, I think the Flex launch is going well. We have had some great wins in Japan in the second quarter that were fantastic. And I still think our gas turbine share is going to be somewhere between 40% and 45%. So we want to retain kind of historical averages for that and we will continue to invest in new NPI in the gas turbine product line as well. So again, I think this is really important for us and Flex has gone well. And I think you will continue to see strong NPI efforts from GE.
Jeff Immelt: Well, let's step through it. Let's (inaudible). Value gap positive, so you are going to have pricing ahead of deflation. We see pretty good headwind on that. I think we are going to have a good services mix next year. I think we like the way services could line up for next year. Structural cost down. You know again you are talking about, you know guys I would reiterate, we have said we are going to take $2 billion of cost out of ’12, 13, and ’14. And we are on our way to doing that. And that’s going to take G&A as a percentage of revenue, it’s going to go down a couple of 100 basis points around this place. So you are going to get some structural cost out. So you are going to have good value gap, you are going to have positive mix, you are going to have pretty good service and you are going to have structural cost down. You know I think that is a pretty good line up.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah. Wind margins will probably go down a little bit. But it’s really de-verticalized business, and so I think it’s not going to be kind of what you think. But just because of the volume we have this year, my hunch is that the margin rate, just intra-wind, will probably go down slightly.
Jeff Immelt: You know I think there is segments within energy management [Nigel] that we like, that we might do some of the smaller acquisitions in. I think the key thing is again to give investors kind of pure play on the power generation side, a pure play on the oil and gas side and a pure play on the energy management side. And I think that’s what many people have been asking for and that’s what you are going to get in the structure.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, I think, Steve, like the flow orders that would tend to happen and shut downs and stuff like that are slower because the guys are running the plant. So I think...
Jeff Immelt: You know again, with cheap gas prices everything we thought about this is true. Guys are running the plants hard. And they are pushing out service and stuff like that and I think that will come back at some point.
Keith Sherin: I don’t have the exact turbine number but I’d say right now our business is about flat with what we normally would see in terms of booked orders and we are about normal like commitments that our things as a team is working as you look to a flat year in gas turbines for next year. 
Keith Sherin: John and I have been working on this for 6 or 9 months. With all of the acquisitions and everything we had $50 billion company within a company. And I think from our standpoint really is an operating company. I think the idea to get a little bit faster and more focused on those three businesses seem to be a logical position. And I think John saw the same way. We discussed him taking other roles inside the company, and I think his sense it's a good time to think about other things that you can do. John and I work for 25 years, I think this is just one of those natural evolutions in GE that we do as time goes on to better match up with the markets. 
Keith Sherin: What I’d say is you got positioning around, we already have a big business in propulsion, we already got a pretty big business in power conversion and kind of around the mine. It’s our footprint from a standpoint of product, service, global footprint, energy, water. So, we have a nice package of products for it. I kind of look at it at the same way I looked at oil & gas 10 years ago. I don’t see doing big acquisition. I think we can grow sequentially. So, I’d look at it as a good additional segment where we are about $2 billion in revenue a year. We can grow probably 10% in an orderly way. Relatively high margins and do it overtime. It's a nice way to leverage our footprint. But I don’t think you are going to see anything big or sudden from us as it pertains to mining. 
Keith Sherin: The close in the second quarter and if you look at the margin, performance and energy and the margin performance across the portfolio, down 20 basis points versus the first quarter down more than that down 50. I feel really good about the progress we are making and return to value gap positive as Jeff said, R&D as a percent of revenue is going into a positive, total cost productivity is positive and the only issue we are wrestling with is service equivalent mix here in the second quarter, that’s a good news. 
Keith Sherin: The statute of limitations is, I’m not giving any legal advice but the limit that we are seeing that people are reacting to is six years. And so you are right in terms of the timing by the end of this year that gets down to very small numbers of mortgages that are out there, past that period. And that, it seems to be what drove the spike in claims that happened in the quarter. Our reserve did increase dramatically. It went from $140 million at the end of first quarter to $491 million at the end of second quarter, Terry.
Keith Sherin: Well, we have that claims balance was 562 at the end of first quarter, went to 2.7. I think the thing that you can't see in that, that there our reserve balances anticipate future claims. Incurred but not reported, it’s called. So at the end of the first quarter, the balance of reserve relative to 562 had some future claims, estimates in there. At the second quarter we have increased that estimate of future claims, it’s not quite -- it’s less than 100% of the known claims balance but it’s a significant number.
Keith Sherin: Well, we think we have reserved appropriately. You know I think the problem is that you just have to watch these long tail liabilities. We anticipate a significant additional amount of claims in WMC, we will have to see how we do against that. And in Grey Zone, we need to see those claims decline as we go through the second half of the year. Right now we believe we are appropriately reserved.
Keith Sherin: Sure. If you look at the variance on earnings -- let me get the right numbers for you. Lower marks and impairments, so we had 7 million of credit costs and on a variance item versus last year that’s s couple of hundred million dollars of benefit. $256 million on marks and impairments. And we also had, the last year we had real estate losses that were not tax effected, so that was something that increased probably the one time benefits in there, a little over $100 million in the quarter for real estate. And the base income is better from the core of business on earnings on both the debt and the equity portfolio. I mean at the end of the day when you look at what really has happened is when you go do global valuations, we did not have declines and valuations on either the debt or the equity book and that just changes the profile of earnings and real estate. And then you earned a little bit by selling some properties and having some gains.
Keith Sherin: No, the sale of BP is not in here but last year we had losses that were not tax affected, and as a result this year by having none of that you have an improvement year-over-year in taxes.
Keith Sherin: I think you know you are plus or minus $50 million-$70 million on a run rate from taxes. Other than that I think if we don’t have any valuation changes than you continue to see the market where we are. We feel pretty good about the outlook for the business.
Keith Sherin: I mean you can see it swinging right. You know as you said last year, Q1, Q2, Q3, down six, down ten, down seven on thermal. Q4 down 12, Q1 was down one, Q2 was up five. Our estimate for the year right now is this should be somewhere around flat but it’s definitely changed the dynamics of supply and demand here on pricing front. 
Keith Sherin: Well, it is in the detail for the run rate. Now you are somewhere in the mid-single digits. So the disconnect in the quarter was the capital benefits of tax were in GE Capital and the restructuring was mostly in corporate. But right now it will be in the capital run rate at somewhere in the mid-single digits.
Keith Sherin: I don’t have it planned that way. We are looking at restructuring associated with the cost out and we are evaluating what we can do to continue to accelerate the actions to simplify the company and improve our margins. So there are activities we are working on but we don’t have it planned that way Shannon.
Keith Sherin: Well, the earnings more than offset it in the capital ratios. If you look in the supplemental charts that we have sent out, there is a breakdown of the impact on the tier one ratios from earnings growth, foreign exchange and dividends.
Keith Sherin: I think the example we are using here is business properties. We had an opportunity, we have a negotiated transaction to sell $5 billion of real estate assets. The fact that there is a tax benefit associated with the structuring enables us to remove $5 billion of assets that were earning around $50 million. So it’s a onetime transaction and it’s an example. (inaudible). For us shrinking $5 billion of real estate is a good move strategically for the GE capital business.
Keith Sherin: Yeah. The red ending investments of about $75 billion, it’s around 17% year-over-year. And the BP transaction is a good example of the team continuing to do a good job of running these assets. Now if you look at the supplemental you can see the dividend was 60 basis points on the tier one. And the earnings added 30 basis points and that’s pretty much why we went from 10.1 to 10.4 from Q1 to Q2. And even with that though, if you look year-over-year, we are at 10.1, a whole point up even with the dividend, on tier one common. And in addition when you look at total capital, the preferred stock that we issued enabled us to build our non-common tier one capital and still enabled us to pay a dividend of $3 billion to the parent, keep the capital ratios above what we think we need to have.
Keith Sherin: The total was about -- yeah, most of the acquisitions now as you get through the second quarter are all in the run rates.
Keith Sherin: You know the reserves aren’t being taken down, the write-offs are in excess of the reserves. We had about $100 million of impact of the balances of reserves from FX. But if you look at the numbers by business, the delinquencies are down in every single set of our operations except for the mortgage which is up seasonally. Non-earnings are down in every single one of our businesses. Our write-offs are down in every single one of our businesses, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year for all three of those metrics. So we continue to have a portfolio that shows improvements in its performance. And I think you are getting to run rate levels of new provisions on new business. And the only thing that will change that will be the mix between retail which obviously is higher reserve levels and the commercial which has lower reserve levels.
Keith Sherin: Just to give you some numbers. The revenue was [14], up 24 as Jeff said. If you look at energy, it’s up 34, aviation was up 26 in the quarter, healthcare was up 24%. The orders are a little slower, they are up 6, but there are also some of the backlog is what we have there. So this is a pretty good performance. We expect a very strong performance across the year for China.
Keith Sherin: I don’t think there is any risk of that. I think what we saw in the business in the quarter from an orders perspective were that the customers are running their gas turbine as a result of low natural gas pricing. If you look at the revenue in energy and services, it was pretty solid in the quarter. So our team has positive outlook as a result of the current operating environment. And for us it’s a question of when does it come through.
Keith Sherin: You know the orders, if you look at the book to bill in the quarter, they were 1.11, at the half it’s 1.08. They’ve built a little bit of backlog. They need to execute. That’s what we are looking for in the second half here, Julian.
Keith Sherin: It’s really two things. We had about $200 million of pensions funding, we haven’t had that before. We expect that to be about $400 for the year. But as you know in the K we put out, it was going to be $1 billion for the year. So 600 better for the year than we said. And then we just built inventory. We have built a billion plus of inventory in the energy business and as you said it’s mostly related to the wind. In the second half here we are going to deliver close to 1800 to 2000 wind units. Almost of the full amount of volume we had for all last year. So we got a good outlook here in the second half in energy and wind is going to be a big part of that.
Keith Sherin: Sure, it’s a steady improvement. You have seen us talk about the valuation changes in real estate, quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. And this is another sign that the market is getting better. I mean we are able to move $5 billion of real estate assets at a gain to the company in total. And the team is going to continue to work on that. So I think, yes, valuations have continued to improve. Liquidity is coming in the marketplace. If you got a good property with a decent lease, you can extract a good price in this low interest rate environment. Stabilization of valuations in Europe, the valuation in Europe was better than we anticipated as we closed the first quarter. And we expect that to continue.
Keith Sherin: Sure. I think, Jeff said that value gap is going to be positive. That’s the difference between the pricing we are getting in the raw material inflation that we experience, or deflation. That is positive 100 in the second quarter. We expect that to continue. R&D as a percent of revenue, we have talked about that a lot, we have peaked as a percent of revenue. We are still at a very high level in terms of revenue but it’s peaked in terms of the impact on margin. Our total cost productivity which is our ability to continue to deliver new volume and take advantage of leverage, it was positive four tenths of a point in the second quarter. We expect that to continue. And the one dynamic that we are working our way through is the equipment and service margin mix. But as Jeff said, we expect margins to go positive in the third quarter. And they will be positive in the fourth quarter and to get to the 30 basis points we need an average of about 80 basis points in the second half. And that’s what our teams are working on right now.
Keith Sherin: Well, we have taken a lot of actions here. I think the most important action that we took was we closed the plant to new employees, Jeff. Now you may not be aware of that but as a result of that action the change in the future liability has dramatically -- the curve has dramatically changed. And it’s a huge amount of pressure we have taken of that pension plan in terms of the earnings rate that has to be realized over time. I think the benefit payments are less than what you talked about. I don’t have the exact number but it’s not the size what you said. And our team is working on a risk reduction strategy. You know we are not going to full risk-reduction in terms of going 100% to risk off in bonds. But we are reducing our risk seeking exposures as we become additionally more funded from a [risk] gap perspective. So the team has got a good asset allocation plan. They have got a good track record on the turns. We have cut the future tail of this liability by closing the plant to new employees. And we were going to fund a billion this year, we are going to fund 2 billion next year. We know, our anticipation is we will be fully funded in a couple of years. This change in ERISA funding doesn’t really change our outlook much on what we think we are going to do in terms of how we get to fully funded in that pension plan. And we are not seeking additional risk to do it.
Keith Sherin: I don’t think that’s $3 billion. That includes all the healthcare costs, that includes the retiree and employee healthcare costs. It’s about a billion dollars on pension, Jeff.
Keith Sherin: I don’t have any signals from the team of anything unusual. We continue to reduce our exposure to older assets as you know and we have taken some impairments quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter on some of the older assets that are less fuel efficient. You know our fleet is in pretty good shape in terms of the percent of older assets. And I don’t anticipate anything abnormal here in the third quarter, Jeff.
Keith Sherin: Well, just on a wind basis alone if you move to right business at the margin, you are going to have a margin increase.
Keith Sherin: Yeah $3 billion corporate for the year, yes. We are about $1.5 at the half and there is some ups and downs on the one timers. But that’s the estimate for the year. Yeah.
Keith Sherin: I just want to -- the pension out of the (inaudible) is about $3 billion. I am sorry, Jeff is right. Sorry about that.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: I wonder if you talk little more about your margin confidence both for the second half and for ‘13, I guess in the second half aviation is pretty locked in loaded. But maybe come back to the execution challenge on the ramp up in wind volumes and how you feel like supply chain as looking in that context to start. And then Jeff on 2013, talking about 100 basis points of expansion there, maybe you can talk a little bit about what you see is the drivers there and how contingent that is on the global macro growth rates you implied.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So, I mean confidence in the margins despite the softer macro out there, company determined factors and the mix here I guess, and obviously that’s quite positive. In terms of the macro impact on your thinking on orders over the balance of the year. Is that softened up a little bit presumably or is there more company determined self directed share gains and so forth there. I think at one point you have been thinking double-digits, where 8% through the first half. How are you thinking about that.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: And then just lastly to clean up on WMC, I guess two parts. One, the statute of limitations comment Keith you are thinking end of this year is statute of limitations on what the ‘06 advantages and so that’s why this doesn’t look like it has a long tail. And did I hear the reserve really didn’t change a whole lot even though the claims went up dramatically. And maybe I missed something there, but can you explain that. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So just on disc-ops, you know EPS from disc-ops or loss from disc-ops was down for the year. Presumably that number goes a little higher as we move into the back part of the year.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: Okay. But sequentially moving forward it doesn’t sound like there is anything that unusual in this 220 number.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: I am no orders. So I think you said up 5 last year, there some significant order pricing declines on orders.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: But for the second half we now have a lower capital tax rate then we assumed before. Are you going to offset that 5% difference with some more restructuring or is it just going to flow through.
