John Flannery: Thanks Jamie. I am going to wrap with the 2017 framework. For earnings, our estimate for industrial and vertical EPS is $1.05 to $1.10. This excludes any potential insurance adjustments or charges for asset held for sale that Jamie just mentioned. The key drivers versus or $1.60 framework of the following things. One, Power down significantly on lower services earnings and lower aero units. Second is higher restructuring and other charges over $0.45 for the year including the power conversion goodwill charge? And third lower earnings from Baker Hughes and plant and lastly lower buyback than we originally planed. As Jamie mentioned, cash will be approximately $7 billion for the year. Power alone will be lower than expected by $3 billion on lower earnings and higher inventory. Oil and Gas and Renewables were also come in lower than our plan.  We expect substantially higher cash generation in 2018 driven by lower structural headwinds, things like tax and restructuring charges. A rigorous cost out plan and a substantial improvement in working capital. That said, obviously $7 billion of cash is significantly lower than the guidance and this performance is simply not acceptable. There needs to be real change and you should know that this team is committed to that. I am confident that we understand the issues and know the path forward. I look forward to going through our company outlook with you on November 13.  And with that Matt I'll turn it back over to you. 
John Flannery: Steve, this is John here. Just a few things I'd say on dividend. First and foremost we still have some moving pieces in motion and we'll bring this altogether for you in November as we said earlier. I just go back from there to few thoughts. One is philosophy, managing for total shareholder return so there does need to be a balance of investing in growth organic and inorganic growth and the dividend payout. So it's a philosophy expect a balance. We will present this framework in November as we complete the 2017 and 2018 processes, serious processes we need to through as a team. The last thing I'd say is just as a frame of reference. The 2017 number of $7 billion cash position, cash flow is a not zip code we are going to remain in. We expect improvement in that cash flow substantially in 2018. There are some structural issues like tax and restructuring charges that will not recur, $2 billion of cost out would be cash, and it would be improvement in working capital. But bottom line I'd say total shareholder return will come back to you in November with the final assessment. I understand your question and we don't plan to stay at $7 billion cash flow generation number. 
John Flannery: So, listen, I'd say -- I'd characterize this and think of 2018 as a reset year. As you know from the outset of the call, we have a lot of businesses performing well. We have significant issues in power, those will persist into 2018 and there are a lot of structural actions we need to take as a company. Cost out actions, capital allocation actions. Those will play out I'd say during 2018 and I'd look that as a reset year and a foundation for growth in cash and earnings and margins going forward into 2019 and beyond. 
John Flannery: Andy, just one other thing I'd add to that. We spend a lot of time in power. I have been there several times already. We had a lot of time with the teams. When I look at that business in that situation first overall I really put it into three basic thoughts. One is the macro situation. Two is our franchise and three is how we execute and how we run the business. The macro situation is challenged, it's a very dynamic industry, there is lot of disruption especially in North America, over capacity, utilization, and you guys all know the issues. So there is a lot going on in the industry but I think even on a number of scenarios that look at, there is going to be some growth 2%,3%, 1% there is a range of forecast of the electricity generation coming from gas power over the next 10 years. So you've got emerging market et cetera. So it's a challenged macro environment for sure. But there is a base there. Second is our position. This gets to the notion. We have strong franchises. We've got leading technology. We've got 50% share in H class, large and installed base 30% of the world's electricity of the machine. So macro is tough, franchise is really quite solid, the execution has been the issue here. As Jeff said, we just fundamentally did not see the change in the market and we kept an open throughout opposition if you will and did not take enough cost out quickly and we've been left with inventory that goes overly optimistic. So as I step back and look at from where we are today, Russell, the team, they really digging into the business. I see a lot of opportunity move forward in terms of cost out, margin rate et cetera. So it's an inherently good franchise in a tough market and we can run this better. 
John Flannery: Last thing Jeff I'd say just if you try to synthesize the power situation I would say overly optimistic on the market. Aggressive inventory build in TM and AGPs and not taking the cost out. Those three things have sort of combined to lead to an earning shortfall and the cash pressure. 
John Flannery: So just a couple of things on that, Scott. One is as I said at the outset; we are looking at every single aspect of the company. Inside the company and outside and that includes the Board. So everything has been on the table. I'd add that the Board has given me a mandate to look at everything with on constraints. They have been fully supporting of making change. We announced recently that Ed Garden is joining the Board. I really look forward to that. I think that's going to enhance the dialogue at the Board level. I think a really robust dialogue to be between and the Board is the healthy dynamic that something I look forward to. And then the last thing obviously is referenced frequently Board is big at 18 people; there is no doubt about that. And that's one of the topics being discussed. So I put it in the bucket of all things being examined right now. 
John Flannery: So let me just for a background I grew up 20 years in the financial services business largely investing money. So this is sort of my background to look at where do we invest, what are the structural opportunities, what are the risk, what are risk adjusted returns we can expect. So as an orientation that's how I come and looking at our portfolio and how we allocate capital. We do a lot of the capital allocation inside the company if you will. NPI spending, P&E all those things we are looking at that very intensely. A lot of the capital the company is allocated that level. So we've got a very robust plan and we are implementing and looking at that inside businesses, between businesses, should we put more money in business unit one or two et cetera. So there is a deep analysis going in implementing inside the company. When I look outside the company and what our options are outside the company. They are just a number of businesses here we are really evaluating in that context. Can they compete? What's our competitive position? What's going on in the end markets? What are the returns on capital? How much capital do this each businesses consume? How much management bandwidth do these businesses consume? And as you start to array our entire portfolio which is large and complex and we want to simplify that. There are number of assets, some performing well, and some not performing well that we just don't want to stay with over time. They are good companies that might have a better home somewhere else. So it's a dynamic process, it's a return base process. And at the end of the day the exercise here is to really concentrate the economic firepower of the company on the areas that promises most substantial reward. There are a lot of areas we want to grow in additive and digital and things. So we want to make sure we are channeling the money to the highest return option. And that will be a dynamic and ongoing process always for me. 
John Flannery: I'd say on size and two things on timing just stick to the 1 to 2 years outlook. We've got a process going on right now, depending on the type of transaction and structure, the speed of that will move, if there are carve outs and things we have work we had to. So I wouldn’t change the outlook for that. With respect to broader than that, I'd go back to what I have said earlier which is dynamic process that I will do everyday while I am in this job, which is looking at all the portfolio and where we can create value and where we are competitive.. So I don't have a specific thing to share with you today. We will review, I have seen more depth in November but it's going to be an ongoing philosophy and mentality and rigor that make sure we are always investing in the right places. 
John Flannery: Great. Thanks Matt. I'd finish where I started just saying we are deeply disappointed in today's results. They are unacceptable. That is crystal clear to the team here. We fundamentally have a collection of good franchises. We have to run them better. We know what the issues are. We know we need to do the fix them and I'd characterize this as largely a self help story here. And I'd just from here forward we reset the company for a better future. And on the behalf of myself and I know definitely all of the GE employees, we look forward to delivering for investors. This is a company we have deep pride in and you can count on us to deliver in the future. Thanks. 
Jamie Miller: Steve, I'd just add to that. When you really think about 2017 to 2018 comparison, John mentioned first sort of the structural headwinds in 2017 I don't repeat. There is one time tax cost in Power of about $1 billion. We've got higher cash cost for restructuring at 2017. And we also had the PTC dynamics and the progress burn on renewable that we won't see again in 2018 so the structural piece of this is about $2 billion in 2017. When you think about 2018, we are going to get the benefit of more cost out, John talked about that right upfront and those actions have been taken throughout this year and will accelerate as we go into next year. We are also going to see some real working capital improvement. You know cash flow was hit this year by working capital burn. As we go into the next year that's really going to flip as we burned down that excess inventory build in both Power and Renewables. On a free cash flow front, we will have lower CapEx and software spend next year. And so there is headwinds here and I think you are going to -- you've seen that in the discussion earlier and I am sure we'll talk a little bit more about power, power, transportation and few others but the tailwind both the structural and the operational should really more than offset that as we get into 2018.
Jamie Miller: Yes. Jeff, I'd say you touched on the big item which is the tax piece, the higher cash cost this year for restructuring, more cost out really helping us as we get into 2018. And as you can imagine, John talked about the $2 billion plus, a big percentage of that is power. And then the working capital improvement. I guess I'd just say that so to we are going to take you through more detail views and all of 2018 on November 13. We've taken pretty pragmatic view towards this. And I think what you see in terms of us looking at the total year 2017 as well as how we are thinking about 2018 will be tampered as it relate to power. We do expect the condition that we are seeing to continue as we move into that but some of the structural stuff that underlies the cash flow should be a tailwind to offset that. 
Jamie Miller: Yes. On contract assets, look I am deeply familiar with that model and I've only be here in Boston for a couple of weeks but I have gone through and sat through a number of the big reviews with the businesses. And I know the GE balance sheet very well. Look, there is nothing I've seen that gives me any indication on the accounting issue here. I think Jeff explained it pretty well in term of long-term contract equipment build we are seeing. 
Jamie Miller: So, look we will take you through this on November 13. I mean obviously there is a big fourth quarter focus area. The one thing I'd add to what Jeff said is the cum catch is still in the range of what we've been estimating before. And as we go through it we lay out both how we think you should think about margins on long-term equipment, margin on services and just how best to sort of gauge the 2018 to 2017 run rate views.
Jeff Bornstein: That's great, Jamie. I'll just add in the end here is we came out of the quarter with $8 billion of cash, $12.8 billion with Baker Hughes. We expect to go out of the year with about $8 billion of GE cash plus Baker Hughes. So and that's after we pay the dividend here in October and after we deal with the GE company maturity here in the fourth quarter of about $4 billion.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes. I'll start. So as you would imagine we essentially have a team at Power and they are going very deep not just on structurally what's going on services and how we think about on a go forward basis. But also the structure, the cost structure of power itself. This is something we John and I have been on for last four five months. We don't have a cost structure that reflects the market that they are competing in. And we need to get out and they are deeply, deeply engaged and laying that out for 2018. That is critically important to getting the business stabilized and moving forward. I think one of the things they are trying to do is over the last three or four years I would say the amount of convertible short term volume that the business with whether it's AGPs or aero units et cetera has grown over time. And one of the things we are trying to do is get the business stabilized on what is their pragmatic look at volume not just in the fourth quarter but for 2018 that sets the business up for the long term. And I think that that's what the team is pulling together. They and John will share with you in November when they stand up. But I think we are focused on all the things you would expect us to be focused on power and team is really digging in. 
Jeff Bornstein: So I am going to start and then I am going to let Jamie trying to give her views on 2018. So I think it's a good question. We do have a big backlog that's an asset we believe not a liability. But if I were going to focus on three things from 2017 to 2018 in power, one is inventory. So we total for the company this year and $7 billion receive CFOA construct that Jamie talked about. A big piece, almost $2 billion of that is an under performance in inventory versus the working capital assumption we had for the year at $12 billion which is about $3 billion flow. And virtually all of that inventory is power. So where we are over optimistic planning both services and units inventory. That inventory is going to liquidate over time and we will get a big benefit we believe in 2018. Second is in 2017 we had about $1 billion of tax associated with restructuring between Hungary and Switzerland as part of the Alstom something. That cash outflow will not repeat next year. And then I think importantly the third leg if you will is a meaningful cost out which also equals cash. A meaningful cost out of the structurally and what's going on in power. We stay well underway on, we are not waiting to exercise these actions; we are taking these actions as we speak. And that also will be a contributor or better profile in 2018. Jamie you want to -- 
Jeff Bornstein: Yes. I'll start and then Jamie will say -- so we have Jeff, we've been digging through that I'd say over the last six months. I think we are very comfortable with where we are. And I think you got to think about in power case in a number of buckets. The first is long term service agreement. And I want to be clear here in the third quarter with this performance, our productivity at CSA cum catch was actually down $45 million year-over-year. So it's a small contributor where we are year-over-year in the quarter but it's not the reason that we will way off where we thought we would be in the third quarter. The second is we've really grown long-term equipment agreement. Now this is 811 accounting, these are long-term contracts and generally anywhere from 12 to 24 months, where we build projects out and as we go along the way we incur cost, we rev rec on milestones and then there is also cash billing milestones. And they don't always line up on top one another. That has grown over the last two years, really is a function of two things. One is we added Alstom to the portfolio which had a more higher content of long term project. And as we build out the H units we've done a lot more full scope, much larger scope projects even if it were just content to the turbine island all the way through HRSG and the steam tail that we got with all Alstom, so the amount of this activity in the portfolio has grown. And as a result of that our 811 balance is particularly in power have grown. And so that cost if you will generally liquidates over 12 to 18 months. So we are higher this year by about $800 million than we originally forecast, almost all of that in power. But that will liquidate and turn to cash as we hit billing milestone over the next 12 to 18 months. Jamie you want to --
Jeff Bornstein: Andrew, there is no timing mismatch between GE and GE Capital. They are as opposed to going to external markets around some of the debt that we added this year. We gave our plan to increase net debt -- debt in the company $12 billion this year. Some of that we've gone externally, some of that we've taken from GE Capital by assuming existing external debt to GE Capital had on a fair value basis from coupon perspective. But there is no mismatch of receivables or timing between GE and GE Capital whatsoever. And we don't have any reason to believe that the $155 billion of assets that GE Capital has is not going to serve us, their outstanding debt. Based on maturities here, the cash flow and the earnings in the business, that the GE Capital with the excess liquidity and GE Capital was going to essentially run off year end 2019 and lot of that outstanding debt is essentially the fees in our liquidity pool. So I don't see issues with the either of those things. 
Jeff Bornstein: Yes. So I'll give you shot. We are not going to have a final number until we complete the year. So that just to lay that down. Jamie is going to share with you in November an estimate what we think the 605 to 606 impacts going to be 2017. I would say generally the last thing we told investors was we expect the 2018 to be about $0.05 impact on transition. We don't have final numbers here but I think that's going to be a larger impact. I don't know exactly how much but it could be between $0.05 and $0.08 or $0.05 and $0.10. And will that get closer to final when we move towards year end. The other thing I want to caution everybody on, once we convert the 606 on January 1st, those are the only books we are going to have. We are not going to keep two sets of books between 605 and 606. So the ability for Jamie and the team in 2018 to go back and tell you exactly what that transition impact is going to be for the year or any given quarter is only going to be a very rough estimate. We are not going to keep two sets of book. 
