Jeff Immelt: Great. Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Look, we had a good third quarter in a challenging environment. Europe is tough; Asian resource risk countries are okay and U.S. had packets of growth but still some uncertainty. Revenue growth was good in the environment with organic growth up 8% in the quarter and 10% year-to-date. We finished the quarter were $203 billion of backlog. Earnings were solid growing at 13%. Both industrial and capital had double-digit earnings growth in the quarter. Every industrial business had positive earnings growth for the first time since the third quarter of ‘05.And our simplification efforts are yielding results with corporate costs ahead of plan. Margins grew by 70 basis points consistent with our expectations. CFOA is up 63% year-to-date and we’ve repurchased $3 billion of stock. Importantly in this environment we remain on track for our 2012 framework. For orders, orders were 21.5 billion, just in context for orders, factoring in some of the big items. They were up 4% ex-wind and excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Orders pricing was positive for the quarter and year-to-date. The down cycle and wind is as expected and gas turbine orders were fairly strong. We saw about $1 billion of orders push out from third quarter to fourth quarter and our backlog position is strong as we enter the fourth quarter and facing into 2013. Our key growth engines remain on track. In fact every industrial business had positive organic growth in the quarter. Growth markets expanded by 9% including in China, up 23%, Africa up 22% and Latin America up 21%, we expect six of nine growth regions to have double-digit order growth at ‘12. We had the highest services backlog in our history with expanding margins. And we’ve launched successful products including the Flex 60, new subsea technology and new appliances. And our new aircraft engines are winning high market share. With our investments in place we should be able to sustain a solid growth rate into the future. Our margins are a good story growing 70 basis points to 14.4%. We had expansion in every business, including Energy if you exclude the impact of our Wind business. The fundamentals remain strong as we finish the year. Our value gap will be positive in both 2012 and 2013. We remain on track for $2 billion-plus and structural cost-out to simplification efforts. We were able to do significant restructuring in the quarter. We’re on track for 100 basis points of improvement in 2012 and 2013 in line with our plans. Cash is a decent story with year-to-date total of $10.7 billion, up 63%. The dividend from capital is a positive story for investors. Our industrial CFOA has been pressured by an unusual equipment build, which should have positive growth in the fourth quarter. We’re executing our capital allocation plans. Year-to-date, we’ve paid out $5.4 billion in dividends and bought back $3 billion of GE stock. Our balance sheet is very strong and we end the quarter with $85 billion of consolidated cash. Now over to Keith to review operations.
Jeff Immelt: Great, Keith. Thanks. Look, on the operating framework we really have no material changes for the 2012 operating framework. We are on track for double-digit earnings growth in total and for Industrial and Financial Services earnings. Our outlook for the Industrial segments remained in line with our September meeting. You can see in the corporate cost line that our simplification efforts are working and sustainable and we are lower estimate for the year to $2.8 billion based on third quarter performance. CFOA is on track and industrial organic revenue growth has been about 10% year-to-date. We expect it to be about 10% for the year. We believe that capital revenue will decline about 10% based on the E&I reduction ahead of plan so total revenue for the entire company will be up about 3% in 2012. So to summarize, let’s recap the big factors for investors and how we performed against those objectives. Industrial earnings growth results remain positive. This is fueled by good organic growth and momentum in margin enhancement. And you know as I said earlier the simplification efforts really are generating results. We’re executing our plan with GE Capital making a smaller, more profitable, and restoring dividend to the parent. We have returned a $8.4 billion to investors year-to-date through dividend and buyback. We are executing a balance capital allocation plan of growing dividends in line with earnings, value-creating buybacks and bolt-on acquisitions in the $1 billion to $3 billion range. The GE team continues to execute in a volatile environment. We expect to continue to outperform in 2012 and 2013. Now back to Trevor for questions.
Jeff Immelt: Sure. If you look in the third quarter, Scott, value gap was about $50 million drag actually in the quarter. That was two-tenths of a point of drag. Mix, equipment versus services and other mix, was about a half point of drag, 120 million or so. And cost out is the real driver here. It’s over $500 million. It’s 1.4 points of improvement and it’s across the board. It’s lower variable costs. Its better base cost performance with this volume and it’s simplification efforts are starting to kick in. So I think I don’t have it relative to prior restructuring as you asked, but I think that’s a good framework for the third quarter. It’s great that the margins have turn positive here. And our expectation is that this margin improvement will continue in the fourth quarter and will increase obviously from the third quarter level to get us to our goal of the total year.
Jeff Immelt: Well, Scott, I think you’ve got to have a pretty – you’ve got to factor in a number of different scenarios. I think most people are assuming that the fiscal cliff gets resolved in some way, and I don’t think we’re alone on that one. And then I think just when I look at orders in our growth regions, we’ll have six growth regions that have double-digit orders growth for the year. Six of nine. That’s pretty good, Scott. That’s – that gives me some comfort when I look at the resource rich and rising Asia, and so we still see decent opportunities in China. We still see decent opportunities in the Middle East and Latin America, Russia, places like that. And then Europe’s going to be a grind. Europe’s going to be – we’re not assuming that Europe gets any better. So I think we’re kind of looking at 2013 being kind of like 2012 with the big variable being the fiscal cliff and we’re ready if it doesn’t go through, but we’re kind of making the same assessment most people do, that somehow it gets result.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, there’s another obviously large chunk of revenue in of Wind in the fourth quarter. That’s – it is a drag on us. I think that’s probably the biggest factor for us. I mean, we still expect Energy to be up double-digit for the year. Year-to-date, they’re up about 12% and for the total year, it’ll be up 10% and they’ll be up in the mid-single digits in the fourth quarter here for us.
Jeff Immelt: No, just to clear up this. It’s 0.8% year-to-date through the third quarter and we’re saying we expect it to be flat or slightly positive, so I – it’s not a big change for the – there’s no change in the fourth quarter, and that’s our total year estimate that we stuck to, Steve. So no, I think if you go by business, you’ve got to feel great about Oil and Gas. We continue to build backlog. Our orders our strong. We had some orders slip even in the quarter. The outlook is very strong for next year as we head into the fourth quarter. For Energy itself, you feel great about the move to gas around the world. It’s certainly helping us in terms of our service outlook and we’ve got to continue to fight for every order they have been in the gas turbines side. We’re going to have – we think we’ll have growing megawatts of gas turbines sold in the outlook.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, I think spare’s outlook seem to stabilize, going from the third quarter. In the second quarter the spare’s rate was 20.6. In the third quarter it’s 22. Our outlook in the fourth quarter is similar to that. So right now in the third quarter you’re dealing with the biggest negative variance year-over-year and we’re kind of laughing ourselves on that. Our expectation is that at some point revenue past your miles are still positive year-over-year. Freight is down slightly. But at the end of the day, with all of these flights going on cycles occurring, there’s going to be a pent-up demand for service here and we expect that to be positive for 2013. So in the fourth quarter, we’re not counting on that. We’re counting on the spares orders to be about where they are today and we think that will be a positive in 2013 as I said.
Jeff Immelt: In the quarter, there’s a couple factors going on around GEnx. First of all you have just a few lower units so that’s a little bit positive year-over-year. We had 28 units last year, 25 this year. And then on a margin per unit, we continue to see good improvement. We’re on track for our cost reductions as we come down the learning curve and the other thing is we’re moving into better commercial arrangements as we get out of those launch orders for the GEnx shipments. So I think it’s on track. It’s positive. In the fourth quarter we’re going to have a big increase in shipments here and we’re going to go up. The total year we’re expecting somewhere around 125 shipments I think on GEnx engines so you’re going to have – and in third quarter they’re down a little. In the fourth quarter we’re going to go from about 35 last year to close to 60 this year.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, I think the learning curve is down substantially, Nigel, and what Keith said is that the original launch orders are usually the most negative from a CM rate to the combination of those two things I think builds every year. So that gets better in 2013.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. So the run rate is not – it’s still a little bit lumpy but the run rate’s not bad and then on the ongoing order rate was up 1% and we still think that some of those are really based on how hard the units are running and that unwinds itself. And then in Europe, we have a relatively big install base in Europe and that has to a certain extent the opposite issue. It’s not running. But I think in the U.S., there’ll be decent growth as time goes on.
Jeff Immelt: Well, I just think you’re always going to have some of that with the large orders we’re dealing with. I mean there was really nothing on the Asia aviation orders other than just timing of approvals and it just didn’t happen in the quarter that we originally estimated it. I think that some of the oil and gas orders those involved a lot of parties with large engine energy contractors and government approvals and so I think that may be more typical that you’re always going to have something pushing around but for us over $1 billion seem to really push out of the quarter. There were other orders that pushed that seemed like normal quarterly things for us but there were over 1 billion that we would’ve called out as pushing out.
Jeff Immelt: Sure. As I mentioned on the reserves in Consumer, we did update the reserve practice for some more granular segmentation loss types. Essentially what we are doing is we’re doing a more detailed look at to determine the period of time from the loss event to the write-off, the incurred loss period it’s called. So we did some of that work in the third quarter. The incurred loss period was a little longer using that segmentation. It increased our reserves about $200 million in the U.S. Retail Finance business in the quarter. Outside of that, we had the normal seasonality, which did contribute and we had asset growth, which contributed to reserve growth quarter-over-quarter and also year-over-year on asset growth. So if you look though in total assets were up 10 on retail finance, volumes up 10. The charge-off rate are down, Steve. They’re down 24 basis points year-over-year, 36 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Delinquencies are down 36 points year-over-year. So the fundamentals of this business are still very good. It really is a detailed segmentation of the portfolio that added a couple hundred million dollars to the reserves as opposed to anything to do with asset quality
Jeff Immelt: Yeah. In GECAS we had impairments. The total number is about 135 after tax in the quarter. I think in general I would say that some classic 737s were in there. Some A320s, old A320s, older A320s as well as 50-seat regional jets are probably the three things that would make up that number.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, there were no cancellations in the quarter. In terms of where the turbines were, there were quite few from Saudi Arabia. Hang on one second here.
Jeff Immelt: I have zero in the U.S. We had 5 in China, 8 in Saudi, 2 in Algeria, 2 in Turkey, 7 in Iraq, 2 in Egypt.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, it kind of goes back to the first question about what you think about the environment. I mean as we look forward, we have a $5 billion debt in GE that matures February and so we decided that we really didn’t want to be trying to replace that debt in an environment where the fiscal cliff may be a disruptor or not. So we decided to go in the fourth quarter. We like the rates. As you said, we did $7 billion. We’ll have a big-interest savings if you look on that debt. We’ll probably have annual savings around $70 million at the rates that we did that debt at with a mix of 5, 10 and 30 years as you know. So we decided to get that out of the way. We know we have to do; we didn’t want to do it in a disrupted environment. We like the rates where they are. It creates a savings for us. Now we do have a little higher interest cost in the fourth quarter because of that, but for us it just seems like the right thing to do.
Jeff Immelt: John, I would just go back to what Steve basically said in September. We think there is activity right now that’s going on that’ll turn into commitments next year. So I think as you go into 2013 and into 2014, those commitments will go into orders. And I think that pace will grow as each year goes by. So we’re seeing quoting activity right now. We expect to book some orders next year and we think that’ll grow over time. I think the good news is that gas is the fuel of choice, and as new capacity comes in, it’s going to be gas turbines.
Jeff Immelt: Look, I think the good news, John, is that we’re – we’ve been kind of firming a bottom right now. So I think you could see some positive OPI into 2013, not great, but some positive, just because I think we’ve been trying for the last period of time. So I think that will start improving and then I think it accelerate as time goes on.
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, I think we’re going through a process in the retail finance business to take a look at our reserve practices and our segmentation relative to industry standards. In the quarter, we did a couple of factors. We did aged accounts and we did fraudulent accounts. I mean, we’re basically trying to identify individual events and then go back and say how long is the incurred loss period for that type of event? And there will be – there are other categories we’re still looking at: if people pass away, if people reach settlements, if people have bankruptcies. So we’re basically trying to segment that book into very detailed and more conservative, realistically more conservative, look at reserve positions based on when the incurred loss period actually started. So I think in the quarter, there’s no more to come from those categories. I think we’re going to continue to look at these other categories. To us, we’re just trying to make sure that we’re in line with industry practices and it’s something that we’re going to do through fourth quarter and first quarter I believe.
Jeff Immelt: I don’t. I’d say the one thing I’d look at is if I think about the outlook from third quarter to fourth quarter, I think retail finance probably has an outlook that’s similar in the fourth quarter to what they had the third quarter.
Jeff Immelt: Even though they’ve had this one-time thing, I think if you look at the outlook, it’s probably going to be – based on volume growth and based on whatever we’re doing with reserves, our outlook is probably close to what we had in the third quarter.
Jeff Immelt: I gave you the total number, if the total year’s going to be up 10%, you look at where we are third quarter to date, I think you can get a pretty good estimate of what we think the margin is for Energy for the fourth quarter. I don’t have the exact dollars but that math’s pretty clear.
Jeff Immelt: I think you heard from some of this from Steve Bowles in the infrastructure meeting, Jeff. You know basically you’re absolutely right. I mean people are running the gas turbines a lot more and they are running them as base load. And that is ultimately good news and I think the idea is going to be you’re going to have either sooner maintenance needs or maybe there will be a little deeper overhaul when you get into repair these units when they do have an overhaul. But Steve’s message was that these were going to pull in, running these things at full base load power at this point is maybe pulling overhauls by three months, six months in the out years. These overhauls are pretty well scheduled based on times the units will run. So I think it is a positive. I think it’s all positive. But I think it’s a little further out there but right now they are definitely running gas turbine units a lot more on the running of this baseload.
Jeff Immelt: Not really, Jeff. I think progress remains a headwind. It’s an unusual year just because the spike in wind and stuff like that so this is just been an unusual year from that standpoint. But we see the working capital levers for cash...
Jeff Immelt: Yeah, we are on track for the R&D. If you look at the margins in the quarter, stronger pricing was a big part of it and cost productivity with the other part that aviation got and we expect those two factors to continue. If you look at R&D and Aviation itself, it was up about, it was down about 7% and it’s holding steady around 5% of revenue. So as a percent of revenue as we said we don’t expect this to continue to be a drag. We’ll see what happens as we get into 2013 but we like the position we are in those engines. We’ve gone to design freeze on two of the three versions of LEAP and we’re on track for the design freeze on schedule for the third version.
Jeff Immelt: I don’t see that, Julian. I think it’s around flat and it’s going to continue to be around flat and there’s nothing that our guys see that suggest it’s getting materially worse as time goes on. I just think it’s a tough market but it’s not like Europe.
Jeff Immelt: That’s been part of our run rate and analysis for the business already to take a look at where new serviceable parts going to come from. I think the biggest impact that we’ve had this year really has been on the wide-body. It’s the CF6 is down. It’s down by overhauls and freights and it’s really a maintenance pressure on us while this CFM products and the GE90 products are both up so on the more prevalent install base narrow body growth that we’ve had you starting to see those engines come in for overhaul. Certainly the GE90 and the 777 you’re seeing those engines coming for overhaul and we’re just seeing a push out. I think a lot of its freight. I think some of it are in Europe and some of the older applications that CF6 is on and we’re really having to deal with that more than cannibalization on the narrow body product.
Jeff Immelt: We said the commercial volume is down about 5%. I think the bigger part of that is it’s uncertainty. It’s people not willing to spend because they have a more certain environment around whether it’s taxes or healthcare or social cost or things like that and just the general backdrop in terms of confidence so I think we have seen some of that. We are seeing nice volume on the equipment side in the CLL business but on the CapEx side I’d say that’s been soft.
Jeff Immelt: Sure. If you look at it by business, I will give you after tax numbers. Energy was 50. Healthcare was 27. GE Capital is 25. HNBS was 17. Aviation was 16. And about 100 was associated with the planned exit.
Jeff Immelt: Great. Just before we wrap up I want to give some thoughts about the company going forward. With all the volatility in the environment I think our Aviation business, we’re winning in the marketplace with a massive backlog. Oil and Gas is a fast-growth market with a lot of opportunity for expansion. I think our Power and Water business is really well-positioned for a gas cycle. Healthcare remains a diagnostic leader with a great growth market foundation. Our Transportation business is well-positioned for growth based on new technology and global expansion. Energy Management has room to grow. And our Consumer businesses will benefit from an improving housing cycle. GE Capital is smaller, stronger and more competitive. And we’re operating the company well with large backlogs, I think, successful acquisitions, expanding margins and substantial cash. So from an investor standpoint, while the environment is volatile, I think our path for growth and execution is very well understood by the team. And we think this quarter demonstrates that and we think we feel good about how we’re positioned for the fourth quarter and 2013. So Trevor thanks, and have a good day.
Keith Sherin: We still think value gap, Scott, will be positive for the year. It’s been up more than $100 million year-to-date before Q3.
Keith Sherin: So for the total year, it’ll be positive and I expect it’s going to be positive again in 2013 as well.
Keith Sherin: Yeah, Steve, at the end of September, we kind of said Power and Water would be up in 2012 and flat in 2013 and it would be up really double digits ex-Wind in 2013. I think we still that’s true.
Keith Sherin: We think Oil and Gas would be up double digits this year and next. We still think that’s true. And we think Energy Management would be up double digits in 2012 and 2013, and we still think that’s true. So I think it’s pretty consistent with what we said at the infrastructure day.
Keith Sherin: Yeah, the Thai gain was $80 million from the sale of some of our shares in BAY. We also had the gains in real estate that I talked about from selling properties. And we had one other gain that was over $50 million in the quarter. It was the sale of the pipeline in EFS so in the EFS results that was the large driver of the earnings year-over-year.
Keith Sherin: I don’t have anything on Irish mortgage. I think it was closed. The deal that we previously announced.
Keith Sherin: Well, we like the buyback pace in the quarter over $2 billion, a little over $2 billion. Our objective as we said is to continue to prioritize the dividend and grow that in line with earnings. We continue to have that point, the buyback and our objective is to retire the shares that we shipped before the financial crisis over the next several years. And we’re doing a pretty good job on getting after that. And the cash from GE Capital obviously is a big help, so if we can continue to get the cash – although this year we’ve already gotten all the special dividends, now we get the regular dividend on earnings. That’s going to help us a lot with the buyback. And based on the market, we’ll see what happens in the fourth quarter. We expect to retire somewhere between 125 and 150 million shares this year.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Keith Sherin: Obviously FX had a big impact on us in the quarter; certainly industrially. But the change on the framework that we showed you was what Jeff said. The GE Capital total year revenue’s going to be down closer to 10 than 5. And we would have thought that was worth updating.
Keith Sherin: Sure. Obviously, we’ve built up some working capital to support our fourth quarter shipments. You look at – it’s mostly in energy. Energy’s working capital bill was $1.3 billion through the third quarter. And we’re expecting a big fourth quarter in terms of deliveries. If you look at the profile last year third quarter to fourth quarter, we had a big revenue increase between the quarters. We also had a significant increase in cash flow between third quarter and fourth quarter. Fourth quarter will be our biggest cash flow period for the year. And we’re expecting a profile similar to last year; a little higher than last year in terms of cash coming out of Industrial in the fourth quarter.
Keith Sherin: I don’t have a specific number. I know in total we’re down about $6 billion. How much? $6 billion on quarter-over-quarter. Yeah. There’s about $70 billion on balance sheet today on the red assets. So in the quarter, we felt great about it. You look at the runoff we had. I can just give you some numbers on some things that are down year-over-year. U.K. Home Lending’s down $1 billion Deane, France is down $1.5 billion, Poland’s down $1.3 billion, Spain’s down $1 billion. Those are all non-core assets that we’re running off here in a pretty good pace.
Keith Sherin: And it’s de minimis. We’d love to have the stock to go up to $25.25. That would be less than $400 million of dilution. I think its 135 million shares that you’re talking about the dilution on. So I’m thrilled that we’re in the money on them. And yet we’re going to have to deal with the dilution, but I don’t think it’s a big deal for investors.
Keith Sherin: I go back, John, to our disciplines. I think dividend in line with earnings. We think the dividend is really important. Continuing to buy back stock with an eye on getting back to 10 billion shares at some point and the $1 billion to $3 billion. So if we see a good acquisition in that range that meets our hurdle rates, we’ll go for it. But it’s not burning a hole in our pocket and we don’t think we need it to do what we need to do in 2013.
Keith Sherin: They’re pretty similar profile to last year the fourth quarter. I think the one difference is you have the wind progress coming down and we factored that in, Jeff. We don’t have any replenishment in the wind progress in the forecast and basically we are shipping that in the fourth quarter. So I think we take that into account but it’s a big fourth quarter and we have to execute.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right. Thank you very much.
Keith Sherin: Yeah, it’s purely – my understanding of it is purely a signature approval and it’s not someone wondering whether they’re going to take these planes. So we’re highly confident that these orders are going to happen in the fourth quarter and it’s two customers and it’s about $500 million now. Again if you remember last year in the fourth quarter I think equipment was up 20 plus percent.
Keith Sherin: Huge order quarter in aviation so, yeah again, with these backlogs we’re going to have that type of lumpiness but these orders it’s not like someone worrying about their fleet planning or anything.
Keith Sherin: Great. Chanelle, we have – I want to finish up by 9:30 because of some other earnings calls. Let’s take a couple more than close out.
