Steven Winoker: Thanks, Liz. Welcome to GE's third quarter 2023 earnings call. I'm joined by Chairman and CEO, Larry Culp; and CFO, Rahul Ghai. Some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our Web site, those elements may change as the world changes. Over to Larry.
Steven Winoker: Before we open the line, I'd ask everyone in the queue to consider your fellow analysts and ask one question so we can get to as many people as possible. Liz, please open the line.
Steven Winoker: And for the fourth quarter, just on that number question, just take the 4.7 to 5.1 midpoint, subtract our year-to-date number that Larry mentioned, Deane, you end with a few billion.
Larry Culp: Rahul, thank you. To summarize, GE Aerospace grew rapidly again, and GE Vernova renewables improved sequentially, and power continued to perform well. Overall, a very strong quarter for GE, one that gives us confidence and thus allows us to raise our full year guide. More importantly, we're poised to launch two innovative global service-focused industry leaders in less than six months. I'm proud of our team and even more excited for what lies ahead.  Steve, let's go to Q&A.
Larry Culp: I would say, Nigel, that we're really pleased overall with renewables. Again, with onshore turning profitable in the quarter, with grid now profitable two quarters in a row with the prospect of being profitable, I think for the full year, that's really I think sets us up very well. But offshore will be difficult. That's what's behind those underlying numbers for this year and for next. I do think we're making the operational progress that we talked about, both the 6 megawatts and the new projects with Dogger Bank and with Vineyard. But it is a problematic financial profile. We'll work our way through the $6 billion backlog over the next couple of years as we indicated. I think with the progress and the momentum we've got in grid and with onshore, with power as well, we've got -- we should deliver sequential improvement in profitability from here. But offshore will be difficult. I think what we're encouraged by though is that the application of what we've done in the other businesses around selectivity is really relevant here. We know the industry is ready for a reset. You've seen that in the comments from a number of folks in New York State over the last couple of weeks as well. So we think we can make a much better business with offshore wind, but we're staring at some challenges that we need to address here in the fourth quarter and in '24 for sure.
Larry Culp: Sure. Well, to start with, I think what we have seen through the course of the year, again, particularly with onshore and grid is just incredibly healthy demand despite the rate environment. Obviously, the incentives here, the incentives in Europe, the push with respect to the energy transition at large really has kept us very busy. So no change really whatsoever with respect to our commentary in that regard. I think as we look into the fourth quarter, as we look into '24, any one project can move for various reasons. But I think we continue to be quite optimistic about the underlying demand that we see in those businesses. We know offshore has its own dynamics again to the reset comment I made a moment ago. But by and large, I think we're feeling very good about the demand environment.
Larry Culp: Deane, thanks for noticing, right, to be up $1 billion in the quarter year-over-year; to be at, what, 2.2 here year-to-date, this was the time of the year in years past where we were kind of holding our breath waiting for all the cash flow in the year to come in, in the fourth quarter. I think what you see again is a much more linear approach to running the business coupled with obviously steady demand through the course of the year, both at Aero and across Vernova. So much of what we've tried to do in moving away operationally from the year end dynamics, let alone the quarter end dynamics, I think has borne some fruit. But we are far from I'll say a perfectly level loaded business at both Aerospace and Vernova. But we know as we continue to make progress, there will not only be the positive cash effects that you're pointing at. But frankly, there's a lot of cost we think we can pull out over time as well as we drive greater linearity and have less month end, quarter end, year-end sprints, which we know we can do, but we rarely do efficiently.
Larry Culp: Well, Andy, I would say that we have made some progress, but we are far from satisfied. You clearly saw the high single digit growth in the quarter and now year-to-date. I think we'll be in that zone for the year. But the supply chain challenges that we've talked about, which has made some of our equipment shipments somewhat lumpy, both with respect to our internal process yields and our material availability from our suppliers, is still job one in this business, right? I think if you look at what we've done inside of our own shops, we're really encouraged by the process improvements that we've been able to lay in. If you look at some of the delays that are a function of quality internally in the third quarter, we were at our lowest level in the last two years. Still plenty to do, but that's a lot of progress. We're adding capacity, not only in production, but in our test cells, particularly up the road here in Lynn. And we have put even more people into the field with the supply base. Rahul mentioned earlier some of the delays that we have seen in terms of on-time performance by our suppliers. And that covers an array of commodities, be it just general raw materials, castings, forgings, valves, and the like, there's a lot of work to do to create that flow that Deane and I were talking about a moment ago. I think in terms of the top line environment, again, really encouraged by the progress that we're seeing with FARA. I think we are heartened by what the Congress is poised to do with respect to continuing to support the XA100. And we know as we look forward, just given the dynamics in the world, there's going to be plenty of opportunity for us, both on rotorcraft and in combat, to continue to grow this business. And it's a business we don't talk a lot about. It may be a bit overshadowed by commercial. But that's not the way we're operating today. And I think as we get ready for the Vernova spin, there'll be more time and attention paid externally on defense, and I think the team is very much looking forward to that. We're doing a lot of good work, plenty of opportunities, but we need to execute better. And again, we need our suppliers hand in hand in that effort.
Larry Culp: I would say that when you look at the backlog that we have and with what's in the sales pipeline, I wouldn't say that we are sold out, but there is a limit to what we're going to be able to deliver in '24 and '25. And I think our customers are mindful of that. It's a little bit why we have seen, I think, the level of activity thus far this year with an eye to not only deliveries this year, but '24 and '25. I'm always hesitant, Andrew, to talk about capacity, particularly in a business like this as truly being fixed because there's so much underlying process improvement that can unleash capacity. It's not strictly a function of, if you will, fixed capital investments that we've made. Not that we would be averse to that, but I think we wanted to really pare down the overall cost structure, not strictly an effort focused on manufacturing capacity and really put ourselves in position to grow off a lower cost base, do that in ways that will allow delivery to be an advantage and then gradually, smartly add any fixed capital that we might need. If you look at the underlying performance that the onshore wind team has delivered here in the third quarter, will deliver in the fourth quarter, I think it's poised to deliver in '24 and beyond, you see all that coming home, which we're pleased to see, of course.
Larry Culp: Sure. I think to your first question, Joe, the answer is pretty simple. Yes, we should be in a position to bring forward Vernova ahead of our typical earnings announcement timeframe early in the second quarter. I would say with respect to onshore wind, again, a lot of improvement. It will be a profitable second half, not unfortunately a profitable full year. We've got a shot at doing that at grid, as I mentioned earlier. But I think as we look at '24 in onshore, we should be in the low single digit range with obviously the intention as we go through the budget cycle here in November and December to see if we can put together a credible plan to do better. But that's the way I would think about it just given the back half momentum that we'll have entering into next year.
Larry Culp: And, Joe, just to make sure we're clear about the shipments, the progress that you're seeing at Dogger Bank and Vineyard, operationally, I think we're pleased to see that. I know our customers are to see those initial installations and the initial generation of power. However, right, that progress is what triggers the revenue recognition, which in turn carries the losses. So that's a little bit of what is operationally encouraging, but financially difficult to work our way through. So just wanted to clarify that point.
Larry Culp: Steve, thank you. Just to close, appreciate everybody's time today. Obviously, very strong performance so far this year. A lot of progress toward the launches of both GE Aerospace and GE Vernova. And frankly, I've never been more confident in our company's future. We appreciate your time today and your investment and support of our company.
Rahul Ghai: Let me start and Larry, I'm sure can add here. It's primarily a function of our own supply chain challenges that we are having internally. As we look at our supply chain environment, while we are working extremely hard, we are seeing an improvement in total material inflow. The supplier delinquencies still remain high. Actually, we're up sequentially about 25% from 2Q to 3Q. So that is impacting our output on the other end. And for next year, we're still expecting 40% to 45% improvement in LEAP deliveries from where we end this year.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So let's start with the second part of the question first, Seth, and we'll go back to where you started. So on the spare part revenue, spare part revenue was up about 35% or more than 35% this quarter. I would say three main things; volume, pricing, and increased work scope. Volume growth continues from mid teens departures in the quarter and then stronger departure growth in the first half, which leads to volume in the third quarter. And also keep in mind that it's less of a challenge to kind of ship spare parts versus completing a shop visit or an engine, so that also helps with shipping spare parts when the volume is strong. The second part I would say going back to pricing, we implemented a high single digit price increase this quarter. Now we had pulled forward the price increase from the fourth quarter to the third quarter, so we got a couple of months of incremental price in the quarter. And then combine that with what Larry has been pushing for the last 12 to 18 months is just very, very strong pricing discipline. So it's not just about implementing a price increase, it's also about managing the implementation of that price increase. So I think we're doing a better job of that. The last thing I would say is the work scopes have been heavier, both on the narrow-bodies and on the wide-bodies. So wide-bodies, they're coming back to kind of second shop visits. Narrow-bodies is primarily a phenomena of customers kind of trying to constrain spending in challenging times, especially in China last year. So now as they are a little bit more cash with departures growing, they are -- the work scopes are increasing. So I would say those are the three main levers of higher spare parts growth in the quarter, which was more than 35%. I would not attribute any of that to pre-CLP buy. Now as you look forward to the first part of your question between spare parts growth and shop visits, spare parts I would say are strong. We expect a mid-20s growth in the fourth quarter which will be in line with where the departures are. Shop visits I think for the year, we're in that kind of low teens to mid teens category. I think that's what we are thinking right now given how challenging supply chain has been and shop visits were up a couple of points in the third quarter. So we think for the year, we're kind of in the low teens to mid teens range.
Rahul Ghai: And just to add to that, Julian, not only is the demand environment good, but as Larry kind of mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are seeing better pricing and the selectivity to strategy that Scott, Larry, Vic, or everybody has been pushing come through. Our grid backlog margins were up about three points and onshore backlog margins were up about seven points in the quarter. So that should obviously help through the turnaround efforts in 2024. So strong demand environment, good pricing on the renewables orders. Now switching to your second question on the cash balance, first and foremost, we do expect both Vernova and Aerospace to be investment grade at spin, right? So that's kind of priority number one. And as we announced back in September that we do expect that Vernova will spin in a net cash position. So we're working through our framework on exactly what that number looks like. Obviously, what we want to do is we want to make sure that both companies have enough operating cash at the time of spin. In addition, what will also happen is as you probably noticed in our 10-Q, we have about $2 billion of restricted cash. And most of that is with Vernova right now as we think about where that cash balance is. So as we think about the cash balance at spin, it will be the restricted cash for both businesses plus the operating needs of that business. And there's enough cash on the balance sheet at GE to make sure that this happens, and we definitely don't need to tap into any external markets to make sure that both companies have enough cash at spin. And we'll give you an update as we get closer to spin.
Rahul Ghai: Okay. It's a multipart question, Sheila. I'm going to try to remember everything. If I forget, just please jump in here. So you're right. I think we had a good quarter, 25% revenue growth, 400 million profit growth, 120 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter continue to give us confidence to raise the year. So what we did in the quarter as you saw in the guide, we raised the guide for the year by about $500 million of revenue and slightly more than $250 million of profit. So about a 50% drop through for the incremental revenue. Obviously now part of that is the higher services revenue, lower OE revenue that you referenced. So as you kind of think about now what the fourth quarter looks like as you go from third quarter to the fourth quarter, there is about $200 million of incremental OE revenue. And even though services revenue is still strong kind of mid teens, it is a lower sequential growth just given the timing of the spare part shipments. So that's impacting the quarterly margin dynamic to a little bit. But having said all that, we're still expecting kind of low 20% revenue growth in the year for GE Aerospace, about 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion of profit, close to a point of margin expansion as we end the year. So it will be a really, really good year. Now as you pointed out, LEAP deliveries are a little bit lighter than we had initially expected. Still a pretty substantial ramp in the fourth quarter we're expecting. Based on the revised guidance that we just provided, we expect about a 15% growth from 3Q to 4Q and a pretty big ramp year-over-year. Now some of the LEAP deliveries have pushed out into '24 and '25. So as we think about the outer year margins, we had guided to about a point of margin headwind from LEAP between '23 to '25. So now that will just be marginally higher, just movement of LEAP engine shipments from '23 to '24. I don't know if I covered all the questions.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. Let me kind of -- let's just spend maybe a minute on our free cash flow here. So first, as you look at our cash for the year, it's a really good year. We're going to generate $4.9-ish billion of free cash at the midpoint, up from $3.1 billion that we did last year. And a lot of that is coming from earnings growth. Clearly, that is a huge contributor and that is helped by kind of lower interest payments. But if you look at our working capital performance continues to be really strong this year. You've seen our year-to-date numbers. You've seen -- even as you project that into the fourth quarter. We are doing an exceptional job managing our days sales outstanding. So despite our top line revenue growth, we are still expecting that overall our AR balance will be neutral, Jeff. And the reason I say that is just kind of shows the opportunities that the business has for continued improvement. And then progress payments, contract assets continues to be a positive as well given the strong growth environment. The part I want to anchor on is a little bit on ground inventory. Given the supply chain challenges that we are having, inventory, as you will see from our Q, was up substantially in the quarter. Now we're expecting it to come down slightly as we get into the fourth quarter, but it will still be a substantial inventory build by the end of the year. And as we look forward into '24 and '25, that should start getting liquidated with improved supply chain performance. So that is where -- I would say that is what gives us the confidence that this will be a continued good cash flow story. Now as you look overall, we'll be at about 160%-plus of free cash flow to net income. Part of that is amortization. But even if you take amortization out, it's still 130% free cash flow performance. So it's still very, very strong. Now on your question between -- I think most of that adjustments below the line are related to spin-related adjustments. I don't think there's anything -- and insurance and spin-related restructuring costs and expenses. And some of that will obviously continue as we go into '24 and maybe even a little bit into '25. But after that, at least a spin and the restructuring cost should add. And the insurance is not a big number.
Rahul Ghai: And, Joe, just to kind of complete that picture on renewables total, we -- as Larry said, we expect at least onshore to be at least kind of low single digit margins. Grid would be kind of mid single digit range. Offshore, as Larry said in his prepared remarks, it kind of -- we expect kind of similar levels of losses next year. But if you put all that together, it's still a pretty significant improvement year-over-year on both profit and then even more so on cash. So that's what we are expecting. So we won't be too far off from the framework that Scott laid out at Investor Day for the renewables business.
Rahul Ghai: So, you're right. There's lots of really good stuff happening in the company. Price is clearly a positive for us. It was a positive -- we were price-cost positive in '22 in Aerospace. We'll be price-cost positive in '23 in Aerospace. Not at the -- not only at the overall company level, but even at commercial and at defense. So that -- the business is doing really well on kind of getting the price increases and managing the inflation. We've made progress on productivity as well. So that's the other part. Not to the extent that we would have liked, but it is progress. And we are encouraged by even the underlying progress on productivity that is currently sitting in our inventory numbers that will roll through next year. So there is positive momentum on productivity. So all that is a positive. And as you think about kind of the 20% margin number for 2025, obviously, that's still -- we're still at the end of 2023. So it's a couple of years away. But as you think about where we're going to end the year to 2025, we're going to end the year, call it, at $6 billion of profit. We said between, call it, between $7.6 billion and $8 billion of profit for 2025. So we still have a 1 billion-ish of profit growth every year between '24 and '25. So that's a mid-teens profit growth, which is pretty good. And the benefits of volume, price, productivity will be partially offset by this LEAP headwind that we spoke about. We start shipping 9x as well. So, 9x, that's going to create some incremental pressure. And then we'll continue to invest in R&D. So that's the construct to get to the 20% margins.
