Jeffrey Immelt: Thanks, Jeff. We are reconfirming our 2017 operating framework and we should meet all of our goals for operating EPS. We're off to a good start on organic growth and margins. The goals for industrial operating profit and structural cost-out are in sight. Despite a slow start, we plan to hit $12 billion to $14 billion of industrial CFOA for the year. We believe that capital dividend should be $6 billion to $7 billion for the year. Dispositions are on track. We're on track to return $19 billion to $21 billion to investors through dividend and buyback.  So to recap, we had 10% orders growth, 7% organic growth, 130 basis points of margin expansion and 20% organic industrial operating profit growth, and a commitment to hit CFOA for the year. So this is a good start.  Matt, now for some questions.
Jeffrey Immelt: But I would say, Scott, having a good 130 basis point of margin with a lot of the structural cost totally kick in makes us feel good on the 100 basis point goal for the year on margins.
Jeffrey Immelt: And I would say, again, on gross margin, Scott, we built in kind of a negative mix, vis-à-vis, the LEAP and things like that. And we still can more than offset that with other strong programs we've got in the company.
Jeffrey Immelt: And then Jeff, the comment I made is the profile of Alstom was always very highly skewed towards their last quarter. It's going to take a while to get that normalized on the kind of the GE time frame just based on some of the EPC work and project work they do. So that was the comment that I made.
Jeffrey Immelt: Look, I think, Shannon, we look at the total gas turbine market probably being roughly flat year-over-year. We do think this increase content is kind of here to stay. So it's our expectation that, that continues through the year. And then I think, at the end of the day, we've got a decent competitive position in steam. We don't have any false expectations about that market, but we will pick up some orders there as well.
Jeffrey Immelt: Again, certainly, there was going to be some spillover from Q4 into Q1. I still think 3% to 5% is the right way to peg the year. We're encouraged about how the first quarter started. And I would say, Andrew, business outside the U.S. is incrementally better than we had expected, I think, when we lined up the year. So I think there's some macro drivers that are also important in terms of our ability to capitalize on the year. And then I think 10% orders growth is a nice bellwether for investors to reinforce, I think, what our guidance is for 2017.
Jeffrey Immelt: Great, Matt. And I would just spike out, I think people were very encouraged by first quarter performance, 10% orders growth, 7% organic, 130 basis points of margin. I think a solid cash profile for the year. So I think, Matt, off to a great start. I think very encouraged by 2017.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes. So what we're talking about is structural cost or base cost, so fixed cost exclusive of variable cost. We talked about $2 billion of cost out, $1 billion each in '17 and '18. So the goal this year is to take $1 billion of that base cost out. If you go to the supplement, we do a walk-through in the first quarter. So in the first quarter, those costs year-over-year were down about $75 million. Now beneath that, we took out over $375 million of those costs. And that was partly offset by a couple hundred million more as we expected a higher digital spend year-over-year and just wage inflation of about $80 million. So good underlying performance there. It's going to accelerate over the year because we take an enormous number of actions here in the first quarter across all of the businesses and corporate. We talked about the effort around horizontal IT, which, we think, is worth $250 million in the year, what we just announced around the tax -- corporate tax team and that transition to PWC. We've kind of taken a number of headcount actions, both at corporate and across the businesses here in the first quarter. So we expect that to grow over the course of the year. The other reference points I'd give you is when we talk to the outlook meeting, we talked about 500 -- a goal of $500 million with which we had $1.7 billion kind of pipeline against. Against that original plan, the first quarter were $200 million better than that original plan, so that gives us confidence that we're on track for the higher plan of $1 billion for the year. So I think you'll continue to see a better performance here in the second quarter. And then I think you'll see a real acceleration in the second half of the year. To answer your question on restructuring from prior year, so within this bucket of cost, I said we took out $375 million before digital and the effect of EOP -- effect on wages. About $174 million of that $375 million was from prior-year restructuring actions.
Jeffrey Bornstein: So as we talked about -- let's go back to what we said at outlook. At outlook, we talked about a goal of 100 basis points of margin improvement. And we said 50 of that was going to come from everything we're doing around restructuring, et cetera. Then the incremental cost plan was going to deliver the next 50 basis points. If you look at gross margins in the quarter, we were better by 90 basis points. So gross margins is all products and service cost. So that's a good down payment against delivering the total year margin.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes. Expand on your first -- I'm not sure I understood your first question, Jeff. Okay. So let me just talk about the JV, and then I'll let Jeff talk about the first part of your question. When we did the Alstom acquisition, as part of that, we acquired an interest in the JV in the steam space in India. And we were a minority shareholder. So we spent a little bit of -- an insignificant amount of money to actually gain control of ship -- or control of that JV in India. So in the steam space, it's around steam equipment. It largely services India.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes. I don't think that the profile is materially different than our own business. We have a lot of long-term contracts, 81 long contracts that's [indiscernible] we're really building against those here in the first quarter. Those will hit billing milestones over the course of the year. And like our own equipment businesses, the Alstom equipment businesses will improve on cash performance throughout the year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, when you look the first quarter performance, we talked about being $1 billion lower than our expectations, $700 million of that in working capital. And within that $700 million, $400 million really is related to receivables. Our receivables performance actually was pretty good in the quarter. Our collection, in fact, was better year-over-year. We did factor $1.3 billion last versus the first quarter of last year, but we expected to do that. It was really around the accounts I talked about. In Aviation, which we had a couple of hundred million of past dues that we don't normally experience in Aviation, those are already clearing here in the second quarter. And then some big past dues in the Middle East in our power business that are on schedule. They -- we will collect the majority what we expect to collect in the first quarter. We'll do that in the second quarter. Then we had a small kind of $100 million kind of miss in inventory versus our own expectations. Interestingly, across most of the businesses hit their inventory expectation. And our inventory performance year-over-year was $700 million better than the first quarter of last year. That's important because when we think about our working capital, we talked about $3 billion-plus of working capital improvement in the year to get to $12 billion to $14 billion, a big part of that is driven by inventory. Last year, we're really helped by progress in AP. This year, it's about receivables and inventory. So getting off to a $700 million better outcome year-over-year on inventory is good.  But it was $100 million less than we thought it would be and that was all about Healthcare in North America. And that will liquidate -- that's mostly timing around sales and orders. So we're not too concerned about that. And then progress, there's a couple hundred million light versus what we expected. It was a $300 million use in the quarter. A big part of what drove that was we took enormous amounts of progress in the fourth quarter of last year in Renewables around U.S. onshore wind and people getting ahead of the PTC. We -- now we're shipping against that progress. So we're liquidating the progress. We collected the cash fourth quarter.  Now we're revenue recognition -- we're rev rec-ing and shipping those units. And the majority of that cash was collected last year. Having said that, we have some really big orders, particularly in the Middle East, that we thought we're going to get to financial close in the first quarter. It looks like that most those will get to financial close in the second quarter. I talked about earlier the big grid order in Iraq. I think we feel really good about that. i think next week, we're likely going to announce, which is -- was part of this progress news the biggest service deal in the history of our power services business in the Middle East. A really phenomenal transaction. We thought it was going to close a couple of weeks early. It's going to close next week, we believe. So we feel good about that. And then some progress we expect to collect out of West Africa, which will happen in the second quarter.  So we were $1 billion off in those buckets versus what we expected. I think we feel good about how we move from where we are today to the $12 billion to $14 billion we talked about for the year. So if you just go back, I'm just trying to give you a framework on how to think about it. Listen, we committed to $17.2 billion of pretax operating profit. So using that as a baseline, from here, we see $12 billion-plus of net income plus depreciation between the second and fourth quarter. We expect to generate about $4.5 billion roughly of working capital improvements 2Q through 4Q. That's about on par with what we did in 2016. It's within $100 million to $200 million of what we actually did execute in 2016. Again, inventory, a big piece of that. We expect contract assets to be a drag here and the next 3 quarters of about $2 billion. For the total year, that would put us at about $3.9 billion. That is equivalent to what contract assets did in 2016. So at the moment, we're not planning anything better or worse. And then in other operating cash, which we give you a lot more disclosure in the K, we see that as a positive for the year, largely because we had the long-term incentive plan payout last year. We won't have that this year. And that's how we get to a framework of $12 billion to $14 billion. We're also looking for some of that big base cost structure we're taking out to fall through the cash as well. So we're taking $1 billion of cash. That should be virtually all cash as well. It will show up in the net income plus depreciation line. So that's a little bit of a cash hedge here on execution for the year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Well, no, Steve, the $800 million of restructuring in the quarter is just that. It's restructuring. So it's projects with paybacks. So -- and they are very much structured. When I say structure, I mean headcount and site capacity-related. So I'll give you some detail around it. $800 million of restructuring. About $500 million of that is really related to workforce capacity, okay, $500 million of $800 million.  We got about $300 million, roughly, that's associated with plant capacity, consolidating footprint, et cetera. And then on -- the balance to get to $1 billion charge in the quarter is $200 million of BD. And that's really all Baker Hughes, water, industrial systems and some of the digital acquisitions we closed in the quarter. So to answer your question, $800 million is all investment with payback. Ask your first part of your question again.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes. So contracts in the quarter are -- so on the CSA contracts, which is, I think, what you're talking about, CSA contracts in the quarter were up $1.4 billion year-over-year. $800 million of that increase was associated with contract updates, okay? And that's versus $500 million a year ago. So it's higher by $266 million year-over-year. Of the about $300 million, it's up year-over-year, a little more than half of that is in power. And most of that is associated with updates of part cost when we change standards every year. So for the contracts that were under review in the first quarter, if we change the standard on the part cost and deliver against that contract for the future, we did that update. And then there's a small update for escalation that's mostly around our Aviation business. We update it once a year on escalation within the service contract. That part of long-term contracts that are revenues versus billing, so outside of contract updates was $600 million in the first quarter. And that's really where we've incurred shop visits, outages. We've incurred cost against those service contracts ahead of actually billing the hours or the events associated with it. So that's mostly timing. And some of that will come back over the course of the year, as we actually bill against the utilization or bill against an outage or a shop visit. So I would say that's mostly timing. That's the $1.4 billion increase that you see in contracts year-over-year.
Jeffrey Bornstein: So yes. What I would say on the half, we think CFOA is going to be sequentially much better in the second quarter than the first. And we would expect year-over-year CFOA to be better to the half, equal or better to the half.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Just to give you a little bit of color. So -- and I talked about it earlier. We laid a 2 big steam turbine island orders in the quarter, which is usually positive. We were much stronger on arrow units in orders in the quarter. We were up 20 year-over-year on arrow derivatives. And we took 10 more HRSG orders out of Alstom in the quarter than we did a year ago. And as you mentioned, we're down 13 gas turbines. So a little broader strength in just about gas turbine.
Jeffrey Bornstein: The only thing I'd add to that, Andrew, is at year-end, we talked about power, that we had some short ships as we expect at gas turbines, both arrows and units. We expect -- as we said on the call, we expect those to close here in 2017. We think those are good projects. Those did not close in the first quarter. So to answer your question, the orders performance you saw on the first quarter, particularly around power that we talked about from year-end, those units are not in the first quarter.
