Trevor A. Schauenberg: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. We're pleased to host today's first quarter 2012 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for the webcast, we issued a press release earlier this morning, and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are available for download and printing on our website, www.ge.com/investor. As always, elements of the presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light. For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin.  Now I'd like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.
Trevor A. Schauenberg: Great. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Keith. Chanel, why don't we turn over to our questions? Let's go through them.
Trevor A. Schauenberg: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for today. The replay of today's webcast will be available this afternoon on our website. We'll be distributing our quarterly supplemental data schedule for GE Capital later today. Just a few quick announcements regarding upcoming events. Next week, on Wednesday, is our 2012 Annual Shareholders Meeting in Detroit. Hope to see you there. On May 23, Jeff will be presenting at the 2012 EPG Conference. And then finally, our second quarter 2012 earnings webcast will be held on Friday, July 20. As always, we'll be available to take questions today. Thank you, everyone.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Great, Trevor. Good morning, everybody. Thanks. This year, we outlined 2 important catalysts for GE: double-digit earnings growth in Industrial; and a dividend from GE Capital pending Fed review.  In the first quarter, our Industrial business has achieved a 10% earnings growth, and GE Capital is exceeding our expectations, so we really had a good quarter. Externally, global markets are improving but volatility remains. Infrastructure demand is generally healthy and the U.S. is better. We're watching Europe with caution. We had the strongest Industrial growth performance since the crisis: 20% orders growth, 11% organic revenue growth and 16% expansion in growth markets. GE Capital grew by 27% excluding the impact of the Garanti gain.  Real Estate turned positive in the quarter, which is a positive sign for the year, and we ended the quarter with lots of cash and strong cash flow. Our Tier 1 common ratio is 10.4%, a very healthy level. And we remain on track to hit our margin target for the year. So everything we saw in the first quarter supports double-digit earnings growth.  Orders were robust off a very high base. Orders growth was broad-based. Equipment was up 29%, Service was up 11%, emerging markets grew by 24% and organic orders growth was up 14%. We're benefiting from several macro themes: global infrastructure investment, healthcare access, gas conversion and favorable transportation and energy markets.  Over the last 2 years, we redeployed capital from NBC to Oil & Gas. This is paying off with a 64% growth in Oil & Gas orders.  Orders pricing was positive, which is a great sign for the future. This is the highest first quarter orders in history. It feels like we're outpacing the market gaining share, and backlog ended at $201 billion, another record.  As I said, organic revenue growth was up 11% in the quarter, very strong. We had 4 or 5 businesses in 6 of 9 growth regions with 10%-plus organic growth. China grew by 18%, on track with our expectations. Service growth was 11%, which is up 8% organically, and we're doing well in the marketplace.  Aviation is winning a lot of campaigns. The GEnx is doing well. The LEAP-X, with applications on the A320neo, 737 Max and C919, is also doing great. The Qantas win is big for our Aviation business.  We're launching 71 new products in Healthcare versus 50 last year.  Our Energy product line is strong, supporting 39% orders growth. We're launching new products in our acquisitions, which on balance, are outperforming their plans.  Appliances is beginning to launch its Mission 1 products in 2Q with a new water heater and refrigerator. Our investments in growth are really paying off.  We've always expected margins to ramp during the year. Healthcare and Transportation have already begun to turn. In the first quarter of '12, we had a negative impact of energy backlog pricing, acquisitions and wind volume that moved from the second quarter to the first quarter. However, we see improvements in value gap acquisitions and easing R&D spending as the year progresses. And we will continue to drive productivity in restructuring programs, particularly in Europe.  Over the past 5 years, we've seen as much as a 200 basis point margin improvement from the first quarter to the total year. So we see 50 basis points improvement as an important commitment for 2012 and 2013.  Cash and liquidity remain very strong. Our CFOA grew by 22% in the quarter, behind improved earnings and working capital performance. We ended the quarter with $84 billion of cash on the balance sheet. We're managing this CFOA growth despite having stronger equipment shipments, and we expect CFOA to be strong for the year.  Also on GE Capital, GE Capital had a very good quarter. Our balance sheet is strong. We have a 10.4% Tier 1 common ratio of 50 basis points from the fourth quarter '11, and our nonearnings are down $300 million. Our liquidity is safe and sound. Our commercial paper coverage is 2.5x, and we have $76 billion of cash on the GE Capital balance sheet.  We're on track for our ENI goals. We should hit our $425 billion ENI target for 2012. We're reducing red assets like the Irish mortgages. And Commercial Real Estate profitability in the quarter is really quite significant.  Finally, we're able to originate profitable new business. We feel great about expanding our net interest margins. We're originating new business in excess of a 3% return on investment, and our ongoing net income growing by 27% is a good sign. The business is executing well.  Now over to Keith for an update on financials.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Great, Keith. Thanks. Just to reflect on the 2012 operating framework. We really have no change to the 2012 operating framework. We still see a solid double-digit growth in both Industrial and GE Capital. If anything, progress in Commercial Real Estate, Energy and Healthcare make us even more confident. We will continue to do restructuring to lower our costs. Our CFOA and revenues are better than our expectations in the first quarter. The year is progressing the way we thought in December. And again, we're confident in our operating framework for the year.  To summarize, I'd just make several points. Our markets continue to be attractive. Investments have accelerated our organic growth and lead to a strong competitive position. Margin improvements will accelerate through the year. Healthcare and Transportation margin growth has begun. I'm encouraged by the orders pricing trend, and again, margins are important for the GE team.  The GE Capital is very strong. The turn of Commercial Real Estate's important and makes us feel positive about the balance of 2012.  Our cash flow was solid. Our plan is to resume the GE Capital dividend subject to Fed review, and our capital allocation will be balanced and investor-friendly.  We don't take the environment for granted. We continue to be vigilant in risk management in a volatile world. And we have strong liquidity, and we're prepared for a variety of different outcomes.  And finally, I think we're very well positioned again for double-digit earnings growth in both Industrial and GE Capital.  So with that, Trevor, let me turn it back over to you, and let's take some questions.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: So Scott, I'd first say that the first quarter is typically the low quarter. We've seen expansion over the last 5 years anywhere from 80 to 200 basis points on the total year. I think what you're going to see in the rest of the year is a positive value gap. You're going to see a reduction in R&D spending as a percentage of the total, improved acquisition performance in the run rate and I would say the impact of restructuring and productivity programs. So I would see as the year goes on, Healthcare, Transportation, solidly growing margin rates through the year. Aviation, we're expecting Aviation to be up 50 basis points on the year. Again, we had some unusual -- unusually high R&D in Q1. And then on Energy, I always break down Energy in the subcomponents. I think Service margins will be up. I think Oil & Gas has a good shot to have positive operating profit leverage on the year. I think Equipment margins will be down. And I think in the -- our gas turbine equipment margins will be down based on what's on the backlog. And I'd say wind is just a wildcard given how much volume could actually take place in 2012 just based on the strength of the market. So what I would say, Scott, is our costs are on plan. Our pricing performance is on plan. We've got lots of activities going to increase margins as the year goes on. And that's kind of how I -- what I don't always control is the amount of revenue that any one individual product's having, but we've tried to build in a little bit of buffer for negative mix, and that's kind of how I handicap the year. So I would say Aviation up, Transportation up, Healthcare up. Energy could swing anywhere from up slightly to down slightly. And that's kind of the plan for the year. But the execution, the underlying execution, is happening about the way we thought and the orders pricing and the pricing on new commitments, I think, bodes well for the rest of '12 and '13. So that's the way I would triangulate.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Scott, I think it's a great question. I think Europe is -- we had planned on a tough year in Europe in Healthcare, and it's kind of coming in to be about what we had thought. I'd say the U.S. activity is a little bit better than we thought. And then there's places we don't talk a lot about like Japan, which -- where the Healthcare market is very strong, both on a relative basis compared to last year and also in total. So I saw probably -- we probably saw higher orders activity in Q1 than we expected and I would say in general, not just in Healthcare in Europe but in general, it's kind of hanging in there per our expectations.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I think commitments are positive, Steve. That's usually a pretty good indication. And my hunch by this is going to bode well or should bode well for '13. Think about just the gas turbine margins. So I don't see any change to that. And to Keith's point earlier, I think we see a lot of activity on gas turbine demand, let's say, in a lot of different parts of the world.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I'd say the other piece of that, Jeff, is the value gap is positive in the quarter, which is a little bit better than planned. So we're seeing a little bit of break on commodity pricing, which is good and that's, I think, bodes well for margins in the rest of the year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: But, Jeff, wind could run hot for the year, I think. It's just we've got a good product, our market shares are high and there's a ton of activity there right now.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: GEnx continues to come down the learning curve. And like Keith said, we had $50 million more in R&D in Q1 versus last year and that normalizes as well. So I'd say Aviation is -- there's always puts and takes with any one of our businesses, but it's about where we thought we'd be.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Yes, look, I think just macro, the good news is almost everywhere in the world people are moving to gas. So the macro is -- the macro scene is very good. Our products are being used at a higher level. That should bode well for Services not just this year, but next. And again, I think when does the next U.S. heavy equipment order start? It's still hard to tell. But just given growth in electricity and reserve rates and stuff like -- reserve margins and stuff like that, it will come and it's going to be gas. And I think that's the...
Jeffrey R. Immelt: That's the bottom line I would give you. I would say China, the penetration of gas in China is growing. The penetration of gas in Japan is growing. The penetration of gas everywhere else in the world is growing, so -- and that we have relatively high market share there. We think every aspect I could give you is encouraging for the long term. I just -- I can't predict if it's going to be second quarter or third quarter, but it's coming.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: We're going to have a big block in the next few years, and I think we'll be able to cover all of those areas I think. And a lot of our customers like the Flex. We still think that's a good place to own, but we'll also have a big block.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Terry, double plus is double plus. We're not trying to be cute, but it's a good year. There's nothing in the first quarter that makes us discouraged about how GE Capital should perform this year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Terry, we may do some smaller bolt-ons, but we got a lot on our plate. I really want to get all the Energy acquisitions nailed. I just don't want to do a big deal this year. I just -- again, we never say never, but I just don't want to do a big deal this year. I really -- we've got 11% organic growth, 20% orders growth. We got gain right now and I think our focus is on good execution and delivering big backlogs, and that's really the focus of the leadership team.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: My hunch is that we don't have any plans to continue at that rate for the year. I think, Chris, we said 5% to 10% in the December meeting. I think we're going to be safely in that range. And again, we just see pretty good -- big backlogs, big orders and we're in some good places right now, so I think that's -- but 11% is high.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Look, I would always say that the GE Capital's percentage of earnings in the first quarter are always high and we haven't changed our long-term outlook on where we want the split to be. And then again, we continue to execute on a plan that would get us lower than where we finished the first quarter in ENI, and we see opportunities to do that by exiting red assets and we still have opportunities there, and that's what I would expect. But at the same time, look, our net interest margin is growing. Our returns on new business, our ROI on new business was higher in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. So there's lots of other elements in the business that are good even as we shrink ENI.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: No, Shannon, again I think that's kind of the -- again, these are big numbers. They're always hard to predict to a single point. My preference and the way we're trying to run the place is to get to 425 by the end of the year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Again, this is something that we'll go through with the board when that takes place. But I would say we love growing the dividend in line with earnings. We think that's great. We do -- we might do a few smaller bolt-on acquisitions in businesses we're already in. And if we get the opportunity, we'd still like to do buyback. So I think there'll be some mixture, but we certainly think buybacks are attractive to our investors and that's what it means to be investor-friendly.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Again, I hate to predict anything. But I think we believe that buybacks are investor-friendly. But I always go back to dividends, small bolt-on acquisitions and buybacks. We'll pull all 3 levers, I think, as we have surplus cash.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: We never know those numbers kind of ahead of time, so each industry has its own cadence. It's just -- it's a high level versus what anybody would predict for the industries we're in. So I think we need to kind of see NEMA data and other stuff as we go through the close of the quarter and get a chance to look at some of our competitors' results.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Yes -- no, I think we like where we are. We see some additional fuel burn opportunities that we want to execute on. I just was reviewing the program a couple weeks ago out in Cincinnati. I think we've been able to take a lot of technology off the GEnx and put it into LEAP. I'd say if you sat back and said you got the 737 MAX, you've got the C919 and our share of the A320neo is probably greater than 50%. We like how the engine's positioned, and so we feel pretty good about both the technology and the commercial process on that particular -- on the narrow-body space.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: What I would say, Steve, is if you look over, let's say, 18 months and as this performance continues, this should be good for our Energy Power Gen Services business because, again, they run them higher, they're going to consume more parts, things like that. Now this all gets balanced between who's got shutdowns, when are the shutdowns, where are they on a CSA. There's a whole bunch of -- there's like 10 other Xs that are in that equation, but the macro point is positive. That's why I don't think we're trying to be vague. It's just hard to call a quarter, but the macro trend is good.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I think what it could do is, over time, add to the growth rate. But again, I do believe that. So I just think it's just hard to predict exactly when.
Keith S. Sherin: Yes, Scott. One interesting point about Europe for Healthcare is that Germany, the Netherlands, the U.K. and the Nordic had pretty good orders performance, and Southern Europe is in a lot tougher shape. So there's a real split going on there in terms of the economic activity. That helped us a bit.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, first of all, on the volume side, we've said that we expect to deliver about 137 gas turbines this year, so that'll be up. There's no change to that outlook. We're seeing some good discussions globally for equipment volume and so I think from a volume perspective, we have a pretty good outlook and consistent with our framework. From a pricing, this is really encouraging, I would say. If you look at thermal last year, it was down 6% in the first quarter, 10% in the second quarter, 7.5%, 12.5% in the fourth quarter. To go to 1.1% down and to be positive including the Service business, I think that shows that we've been saying that the discussions around commitments on gas turbines have been healthy, that pricing was stabilizing, and so it's the start of a turn for us and I am reasonably encouraged by it.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we've said I think down in the Analyst Meeting, we talked about by the end of the year showing a single positive and we're hoping that, that can be what happens with us. We've got pretty good discussions going on commercially with customers. There's still an overhang of supply versus demand. But globally, there's order activity. We're going to have a good volume growth this year. And this first quarter is indicative of where pricing is in the commitment world and where it's going, we think.
Keith S. Sherin: I don't think there's any purposeful change there. Our intent is to have a dividend as a percent of GE Capital's earnings that we pay to the parent. And we -- our overall objective is to return excess capital above the capital levels required by the regulatory standards and all the stress tests back to the parent as well. So there's no real change on that. We're working constructively with the regulator. We've got a ton of activity going on with them, and they're working very professionally with us. And so our objective is unchanged. And as soon as we get news, we'll give it to you.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, sure. We're working through that backlog. Overall sales price in the quarter for the whole company was 0.6% positive on the Industrial side. For Energy Infrastructure, it was 0.4% negative. For thermal, it was down 2.5%. For renewables, it was down 4%. So we are eating through that backlog that we've got. But overall, for the company, including the strength in Aviation, the strength in Transportation, the strength in Oil & Gas, pretty good on pricing overall. But we're going to work our way through that backlog this year.
Keith S. Sherin: From Q2, we saw tremendous orders in wind. I think we're going to have a very good year in wind this year. The U.S. market is very robust, as you know. The production tax credits end by the end of the year, and we're taking a really good share in the marketplace and we're going to have a terrific performance. So they had some additional units versus what we thought in the first quarter. But so far, it's from second quarter.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, I think we continue to see stabilization across on the financing receivables side and with loss provisions and write-off stabilization across almost all the portfolios of GE Capital. So I would expect you're going to continue to see a little bit of a decline as we work our way through the write-offs for existing provided losses. But the new provisions that we're laying on today are representative of pretty good run rate, I would say, a very healthy run rate based on a good backdrop. The main change that we've seen is the decline in the marks and the write-offs in the equity book in Real Estate, specifically. So the run rates for new provisions for financing receivables are pretty good rates and at historically low levels, I would say, Steve.
Keith S. Sherin: On the provision for losses. We're going to continue to have the write-offs on prior provided losses that will probably be a little higher than new provisions.
Keith S. Sherin: That's right. We had a gain. We sold about $500 million, a little over 100 properties. $500 million of fair market value for a $56 million after-tax gain.
Keith S. Sherin: How much -- hold on, I'm sorry. 86? Sorry, the debt business made $86 million. The debt business had a pretty good quarter and we lost some money on the equity business.
Keith S. Sherin: Sure. Pricing was pretty good. Overall, the margins were down in the quarter of 170 basis points in Aviation. Positive value gap was a full point. We had positive price and then we had negative mix basically. We had a lot more Equipment revenue than Services revenue as we continued to deliver a lot of commercial activity. And then we had about $50 million from higher R&D investment. And as Jeff said, that's going to abate through the year. We're kind of at the run rate. And if you compare to last year, we already had reached that run rate in the second half in Aviation. So that won't be a drag going forward that you saw in the first quarter, but pricing continues to be very strong in both spares and equipment in Aviation.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we're going to ship a lot of equipment. We've got a big backlog and Boeing and Airbus have increased their run rates, and we've got a good share position. So we're going to ship a lot of equipment. But what we'd like to see through the year, as Jeff said, is the spares to grow a little bit as a percent of the total as we go through the year. Spares is -- as we said, the orders were down a little bit. The shipments were down about 2% in the quarter, and our expectation is that those will grow relative to last year as we go through the year. So that should get a little better as we go through the year for Aviation.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we'll have to see. I don't really have a forecast of orders versus the deliveries on the total. I don't really forecast the backlog. We've got good, good global growth. We've got good equipment growth that we've had. As you know, the Aviation orders can be little lumpy, but we've got a tremendous backlog. We're in great shape here. I don't think that's going to be an issue for us as we go through the year.
Keith S. Sherin: We had a pretty good activity in gas turbines in Japan. Look, I think it's all good. When you look at the power plants that are running in the U.S. and the proportion of the power that's being generated from gas and how that's increased, that's a good news item for us. A lot of the outages for these customers are scheduled a year or more in advance. So those are kind of in place. But the fact that these gas turbines are running and they're running more and they're being dispatched, the rates that they're being dispatched is all good. I think it's going to be positive into '13 and '14 and beyond. We're not seeing a short-term pickup right now in PGS from that because most of the stuff, as we said, is scheduled, but this is all good news.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, I think over time, you're going to get the benefit of the dispatching that we're seeing, absolutely. But again, these are long-cycle assets and I think you're going to see that over time. I don't think you're going to see that as a April, May pickup just because they're dispatching the way they are. I think they're going to run these and they're going to burn a lot of metal parts, and it's going to be good long term for us.
Keith S. Sherin: Yes, I think if you look at the total year, we're in decent shape. We had a pretty good run rate at GEnxs in the second half. In the second quarter, we are going to ramp up. We shipped 13 units in the first quarter of '12. That was about flat to last year. For the second quarter, we're going to be up to 25 to 30 units. And last year, in the second quarter, we had 4. But when you get to the second half, if we're shipping 25 to 30 units in the third and fourth quarter, that's about the run rate we had last year. That's why I think that's going to be helpful as you look at the Aviation margin impact going into the second half.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we'll see. I think, for us, it was just sort of a -- when you do have a chance to take a look at a portfolio that had the dynamics this one had and you get a buyer and we came to the point where you got, we think, a good economic return for shareholders, we'll pursue it. There's not a lot of other parts of the portfolio that are like that. But as you say, as liquidity has come back into the market, this is a particularly challenging one and it was a unique buyer, I would say. But there are signs of improved liquidity across a lot of our asset classes. And you see the valuation improvements that we see in real estate. We will pursue opportunities as the bid and the ask gaps close here.
Keith S. Sherin: Last year, we lost about $150 million after tax. Yes, we expected it to improve some this year, but we'll see.
Keith S. Sherin: I think one point on the thermal business that's helpful, we've diversified the business so much today that the thermal contribution from a profit perspective is less than 10% of the total profit on the Energy Infrastructure business. So the upside is in the front of us here.
Keith S. Sherin: Okay, I think we have to see how the year plays out. It's a pretty good quarter. I think you're right. We've got some positives. I think tax is a positive. I think Commercial Real Estate is off to a good start. It's a positive. I think, if you look, we're cautious on Europe. I think so far, so good, but we're cautious on it. I think low natural gas prices, we're cautious on that in the Energy Financial Services portfolio. But overall, these guys are off to a good start and the outlook in the marketplace is pretty good.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, there's nothing on 2012 that I'm aware of. If you go -- I think one thing I mentioned we're going to have more GEnx shipments, but we mentioned that. That's in Aviation. I think if you look at last year's Other Items page, we'll have to see how we compare to some of those things. There were small gains in Aviation that don't repeat and a gain in corporate. But there's nothing significant in 2012 that I'm aware of right now.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, yes, I'd say it's proceeding at a similar pace. I can tell you that both the GE Capital team and the team from the Fed are working incredibly hard. You have to appreciate how much work the Fed has to go through here to try and learn a business as global and as diverse as GE Capital in the time frame that they really just started. And I think they're working incredibly hard and incredibly professionally and we are, too. And I think the process proceeded in the first quarter the same way it was going at the end of the year, and we continue to make progress together.
Keith S. Sherin: We'll have to see. We've continued to mark our equity book where we have values that put the cash flows at less than our current book value. So I think we've got a pretty good mark on it today. But you'll have to see how the assumptions play out. Overall, we feel pretty good about Real Estate. I think we're going to be cautious. Look, we got about $8 billion of equity in real estate in Europe. So we have to go through the valuation review, take it incredibly seriously. But I think overall, you feel good about the dynamics globally.
Keith S. Sherin: We haven't really. We've tracked it obviously from the day we were put on notice on the day that the action was taken. Our spreads continue to trade relative to banks who are higher rated and banks who are lower rated than us right in line. And over the last 10 days -- the first couple of days we saw an increase in spreads in line sort of with the market and then the last 10 days we've seen a compression of the spreads back again. I mean, overall, as you know, all the actions that we've taken in GE Capital to strengthen liquidity, lower the short-term funding risk, raise the capital, improve the risk profile of the portfolio, I think those have been pretty well recognized by the market. And the fact that the Moody's methodology just has a fundamental change in how they feel about fincos and ultimately they're going to do the same thing on banks as you've read a lot about recently. I think that the market is looking at what is the core business and underlying strength of the cash flows and the protection for the bondholders of the business. I think the actions that we've taken at GE Capital have been recognized by the market and have helped us to perform through a period where we were downgraded.
Keith S. Sherin: Look, our objective is to have a dividend of a percentage of GE Capital's earnings that's equivalent to what we pay to our investors on the overall company stock and it would be for the year. And the timing of the reviews and everything that we have shouldn't change that. But again, we're going to have to wait until we get feedback and information from the Fed on that. Our objective hasn't changed. Our objective was to pay a 45% dividend on GE Capital's earnings for the entire year and to return excess capital above the regulatory standards including the stress cases. And it's something that, over several years, we feel really good about, the excess capital we have in financial service. But again, we got to work through this exercise, and we're doing it constructively and professionally. And as you saw the results in GE Capital in the first quarter, it continued to strengthen, so we have to see how that all goes.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we do our own stress cases a couple times a year and we're not publicizing those results. But you can expect that an enterprise like GE Capital would go through exercises similar to what you saw other large financial institutions go through, but we do it in our own way with the Fed sort of uniquely as opposed to being part and lumped together with the bank. So we're doing a lot of work. We have stress cases. We have portfolio reviews. We have reserve reviews. We have all the things that you'd expect a financial institution to have, and just we're doing it one-on-one with the Fed and it won't be disclosed.
Keith S. Sherin: I think it's a good point on -- it's one other point on ENI. When you look at the total year, we are continuing to shrink, so that is one of the things that does reduce earning assets, obviously, and earnings. And on tax, I don't think it's a straight 5 points. I think it's a couple of points in the range of what we had as mid-teens to around 10. And there's a lot of uncertainty to that, as you know, when you get to the end of the year. So that obviously is another item that could move as you go into the end of 2012 and into 2013.
Keith S. Sherin: Look, I don't think -- we're trying to compete globally everywhere, Brian, and we're -- we've got good strong competitors, especially in that thermal space. And we've got a great product in the Flex 50. We've got a great product in our heavy-duty gas turbine product line. And so we're not -- I don't think anybody's backing off anywhere. I think we're competing globally. I think one of the things that you may see relative to the historic trend is you ended up with some higher-priced capacity that's had price erosion over the last 12 to 18 months, and now we're getting to kind of a market-clearing price level. So it's not so much either walking away or supply and demand has tightened dramatically. I think you've really just had the pricing get to a level where it's probably more realistic for the main competitors in the marketplace based on the demand we see. I hope that helps a little bit.
Keith S. Sherin: Really none. Again, I think the U.S. seems to have normalized. My hunch is the market's probably single digit -- low single digit up, that would be my expectation. And Brian, we really didn't see any change after the Supreme Court or anything like that. Very strong orders on the -- orders on Equipment were really strong in the U.S., as we said, up 15%, and that says that there's good technology and customers have capital and they need to continue to improve their capability. And so I think, overall, it was a very encouraging quarter.
