Jeff Immelt: Thanks Jeff. We have no change to our 2017 framework. Let me take you through the pieces. Orders grew by 2% in the quarter organically; oil and gas seems to have bottomed; and services are very strong. Alstom is generating orders growth. So, we see a line of sight for the 3% to 5% organic growth for the year. We’re executing on $1 billion incremental cost outplay with plenty of restructuring to support it. So, we see our way to a 100 basis points of margin enhancement. Alstom is executing well and should have EPS at the high-end of our range, and we end the year with good momentum and working capital. Meanwhile, GE Capital continues to execute on their transition to an industrial finance company. So to confirm on 2017, we see EPS of a $1.60 to $1.70; operating cash flow of $16 billion to $20 billion; and cash to investors of $19 billion to $21 billion in buyback and dividends. So, a good outlook for the Company, a solid year in 2016, and now Matt, let me turn it back over to you.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. I think just to echo, Julian, what Jeff said, I think the two things I think about aviation is the business model as it pertains to services and revenue, cash flow models and things like that. I think investors should feel great about that. And then execution on the LEAP, and I think Jeff laid out the LEAP shipments; we’re kind of on learning curve. And those two elements I think really are the ones that dictate aviation growth. But we feel -- we think the aviation team did a good job in 2016, and they’re well-positioned to do another good job in 2017.
Jeff Immelt: Steve, I would add. I think the one piece that we’re still not happy with in terms of Q4’s inventory, and I think we generated -- we reduced working capital by $3 billion for the year and still didn’t do, what I think either Jeff or I want to see on inventory. We expect inventory to go down by $2 billion next year, and we think that’s going to give us a momentum as it pertains to CFOA and working capital in 2017.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. So, maybe I’ll start, Jeff. So, a couple of things happened in the fourth quarter. We had six, arguably seven, but I would say six gas turbines that we absolutely thought were going to ship. Four of those were 13E2 class turbines that were going into Bahrain and Iraq. And these are enormously difficult geographies to get stuff done. And right up to the end of the year, we thought those transactions were going to go; they didn’t end up going. I think we are confident they will go in the first half of 2017.  The fact with two 9Es that were going to West Africa, and as it turns out, in the end the customer came back and we thought whether they wanted 9Es which we had made an inventory and whether they actually might want to go with an H class turbine instead. So that likely will book as an order in 2017, not clearly yet whether if it converts to an H, whether we’ll ship in 2017. And then I’d say, the last piece is although for the year we did pretty good on aero turbines, we were up about 10 units for the year, we were down 10 units year-over-year in the fourth quarter, and we missed about seven trailer mounts in the fourth quarter. And again, we are talking about places like Libya, Iraq, really, really difficult geographies where we just didn’t get those short cycle convertible TMs across the finish line. I think our outlook for TMs and aero derivatives largely remains intact for 2017. They are just really difficult, difficult transactions to get across the line.  And I’d say the last thing is, although we had a good AGP quarter, we did 145 for the year, very close to -- right in the middle of what we guided, we expected to do more than 145 AGPs for the year and other upgrades, Dry Low NOx, DLNs; we had built sets because we thought we could deliver incremental upgrades here in the fourth quarter, and some of those just moved to the right. We didn’t get all the upgrades we thought we’d get done in the quarter and that’s really the delta in the fourth quarter as it relates to power. Now, when you think about next year, it’s really, as I said earlier, there is three or four things we need to happen. So, Alstom performed very well in power in 2016. We over delivered on synergies, the business delivered everything they said they were going to do around Alstom, orders were very, very strong. The backlog from the time of closing until year end is up 18% year-over-year, very strong up on the equipment, even stronger than the 18%. So, we need the power business to deliver the incremental improvement in Alstom from 2016 to 2017. We need our service business to do more or less what they did this year. The service business for the year grew operating profit about 7%; we’re looking for mid single digits, that kind of performance in 2017. We got to deliver the structural cost out, just given where we are in the industry and the volatility. And then, the last one is we took a lot of headwind this year on the H launch, both the ramp of the H and the individual unit cost. Now, the units we shipped in the second half of the year were profitable, significantly more profitable than the beginning of the year, but still much less profitable than a lot of the F technology that they are replacing. And so, we’re looking for that turnaround, a meaningful turnaround, hundreds of millions of dollars in 2017. As we come down not just the cost curve on the H but you’ll notice in our orders OPI, we’ve been getting price on the H for the last five quarters in a row. And so we think prices are much better as we deliver 23 Hs in 2017.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. I think on the H, we just talked about that, both price and unit cost, and less development cost. I don’t think it’s more complicated than that. On renewables, you don’t have the price element; price is a real challenge in onshore wind turbine. Some of it’s the competitiveness around giving the repower -- I’m sorry, the PTC Safe Harbor orders. So, in renewables, it’s a little bit of program cost around the 2.X turbines and 3.X turbines, it’s a lot our about product unit cost and volume. So, we’re going to ship order of magnitudes a number similar to what we did this year, roughly 3,000 wind turbines. But in addition to that, we’re likely going to do more than 800 million -- 800 repower units in 2017. So, we expect the volume to be up materially and that also to contribute with volume leverage to the margin improvement year-to-year.
Jeff Immelt: I mean, I think Andrew, I would say the fourth quarter organic revenue was power up 15, renewables up 26, oil and gas down 21, aviation up 6, transportation down 22, healthcare up 3, and energy connections up 16. So, the total organic revenue growth was up 4% for the quarter. I think clearly power is explainable. I think clearly oil and gas, even though I like the orders performance in oil & gas, it’s a harder segment to call. I think other than that, Andrew, it’s really just noise. It’s $31 billion or $30 billion to $35 billion a quarter. There is going to be puts and takes on a revenue line. But I think if you go down, if you think about 2017 as being an organic guide of up 3 to 5, and you’ve got 4% organic in Q4 in revenue, I feel pretty secure about the 3 to 5 guide for 2017. I just think you’ve got to look at it that way. Look, power didn’t do as much revenue as we would have liked. It was still substantially up organically, up 5% organically without Alstom and up 15% with Alstom. So, that’s not bad.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. So, Matt, just to wrap up, again, I think the team’s focused on 2017. Here is the ways that the GE team is compensated as they look forward into next year, 3% to 5% organic growth, we just kind of went through the pieces of that; 100 basis points of margin enhancement, I think combination of run rate and incremental cost out actions already in play; and strong free cash flow and dispositions. I think good momentum in Q4, more work to do, but I feel like the momentum around the Company is very good. So, we are aligned with what we showed you in December and off and executing. Thanks, Matt.
Jeff Bornstein: Well, let me start with the few things, and I’ll let Jeff weigh in. The gain was not recorded in aviation, okay? That was recorded at corporate; it was offset in restructuring. So, none of the gains results are reflected in the segment performance at aviation. We had a strong spares year this year; we’re up double-digits. Our expectation is the spares sales rate, the ADOR will not be up that strongly next year; we’re thinking high single-digits. And I think our expectations are as Jeff shared with you in December is that we’re going to continue to grow the operating profit in aviation actually notwithstanding the LEAP shipments. So, right now, our estimate is we’ll ship something close to 500 million -- 500 LEAP engines next year, and that’s factored into that outlook. And we expect the services business partly with the spares growth I just talked about to continue to grow smartly in 2017.
Jeff Bornstein: And their commercial equipment backlog is very strong. We took fewer orders on new commercial equipment engines in 2016, but the backlog is very strong.
Jeff Bornstein: Okay. There is a lot in that. So, let me start with the fourth quarter, Steve. So, we improved working capital in fourth quarter about $5.2 billion, which best we can tell is the strongest working capital quarter the Company’s ever had. And I want to just give you some of the thesis on that. So, within working capital, accounts receivable generated about $0.5 billion; $1.2 billion generation in inventory; $1.8 billion generation in AP, a lot of that being renegotiated terms. We talked about realigning or aligning suppliers with customers in terms of the time sync between build and collect. And then, $1.7 billion on progress, orders were a bit better; as a result, progress is a bit better. And that’s how you get the $5.2 billion. So within that, accounts receivable performance, you asked about factoring. For the total year, practically with GE Capital was at $1.6 billion change for the year. It was $1.7 billion last year. So, actually year-to-year, it was $100 million less of a benefit in the year between what we did with GE Capital around factoring. And in the fourth quarter importantly and you see it because our receivables improved $500 million is from the third to fourth quarter of 2015, the benefit was $2.3 billion, the benefit going from this past third quarter to this quarter was $700 million. So, it was actually down $1.6 billion year-to-year between third and fourth quarter each in those years. So, this very good underlying performance here, it’s not just about -- it’s actually very little to do with GE Capital factoring.
Jeff Bornstein: So, let me just follow-up and answer that part of your question. So, we came in $11.6 billion of industrial CFOA. We were shooting to be something closer to $12 billion of CFOA in the latest update we gave you. When you subtract CapEx and industrial free cash flow, we ended up at $8.9 billion, and that was actually right in the middle of the range we gave you coming into the year on industrial free cash flow. But the 400 light is really all about inventory, and it’s essentially the $1 billion roughly, the $1 billion sales miss left more in inventory than we expected, not all of that would have converted to receivables and then from receivables would have converted to cash, but a significant piece of it would have been. So, I would say on industrial free cash flow basis, a couple of hundred million lighter; on industrial CFOA, closer to $400 million lighter; and most of it’s about at volume not going out to door, not being rev rec.
Jeff Bornstein: So, at this point, see, this is all speculation. Right? I mean, the only point of reference you have is a little bit of what’s coming out of new the administration and then what exists in the form of the Brady bill in House Ways and Means. And I think what GE wants and what we think is most important to competitiveness for U.S. companies is essentially a competitive tax rate, something that looks more like the OECD averages, which is just roughly 21%, 22%. And this notion of territoriality that you pay the tax in the jurisdiction that you actually earn it and then from there those earnings are fungible and can move cross border. Those are the essential things. And then, as a transition item on historical foreign earnings, the companies left offshore, we want a reasonable transition tax if one is necessary in order to true up the historical performance. The real delta between that is a minimum to make U.S. companies more competitive, put them on an equal footing with most of the people we compete with, countries we compete with, is question about border adjustability. And as I am sure you understand and it’s the way border adjustability has been described, there is an incentive for exporters to export more, because there is essentially no tax on exports, and that’s about trying to drive more production and manufacturing into the U.S. So, if a company is net exporter, you could envision on the border adjustability, they pay a lot lower tax rate against those export against U.S. But you’re going to remember in the case of General Electric, 55%, 60% of what we do, we do outside the U.S. Order adjustability doesn’t impact at all what we pay for taxes in Sweden, Switzerland, or the UK, Japan and China. And so, although you may -- companies may find themselves in place with a relatively lower U.S. tax liability, I don’t think it changes in anyway how they think about what their foreign tax liabilities are.
Jeff Bornstein: Maybe, I’ll start, Shannon. I think the development programs explain a ton of turnaround year-over-year. I think in the case of the power business, the H investment was -- I don’t know, $300 million or $400 million of headwind in 2016 versus 2015. We think most of that turns around. In the case of the onshore wind business, were going through a big product conversion process in 2016 as well. So, I think we feel like on both those cases, we should see core margin enhancement going into 2017, and that’s both on what I would say, both on the development side and also on the product cost side.
Jeff Bornstein: I would just add to that, Andrew. So, power is like no question; oil and gas is like mostly transaction of convertible volume less than the team was forecasting. Everything else is actually better. When you add up the rest of the portfolio against our framework, they came in higher on revenue.
