Steve Winoker: Thanks, Brandon. Welcome to the GE Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. I'm joined by Chairman and CEO, Larry Culp, and CFO, Carolina Dybeck Happe. Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our website, those elements can change as the world changes. With that, I'll hand the call over to Larry.
Steve Winoker: And Joe just to add with Carolina said, with respect to green time and that clearly is one of the variable, it's not the only one that sits between the departure trends and what we see with respect to shop visit activity. So I think our view is that we will continue to see strong year-over-year shop visit numbers. I think we'll see a gradual continuation of the improvements sequentially as well, that suggests a number of these impediments why green time fade with time, but they don't disappear, I think, as we work through the second half. So sequentially, we think we're going to see a continued gradual improvement. We think we will, as Carolina just said, see some slight improvement with respect to scope. All good, we're obviously watching some other variables here like the Delta variant. But at this point, I think we're optimistic about the second half performance in Aviation Services.
Steve Winoker: Steve, on the CMRs, it was a narrow-body oriented contract that we trued up in the quarter. With respect to the second part of that question regarding Safran, we'll leave their reports to them. I think they'll report later in the week.
Steve Winoker: Thanks, everybody. Appreciate your time. I know you have a very busy Earnings day. My team and I stand ready to help. Take care.
Larry Culp: Carolina, thanks. We turn to Slide 9. I'm incredibly proud of the GE team's performance in the second quarter. As you've seen, orders and revenue returned to growth, operating margin expanded across all segments, and we generated positive free cash flow. Importantly, Aviation is showing the early signs of a recovery, and we're clearly building momentum across our businesses. Combined, this gives us the conviction to raise our free cash flow outlook to $3.5 to $5 billion for the full year. I hope you see what I see, a transformation that is accelerating. GE is becoming a more focused, simpler, stronger, high-tech industrial. And our efforts and impact extend beyond GE. We've always felt a heightened sense of responsibility when it comes to creating a more sustainable future. We recently released our annual sustainability report this month, which shares how we're tackling the world's biggest challenges through innovative solutions, developing the future of flight, advancing precision health, and leading the energy transition. For example, the CFM RISE Program that we've announced with Safran demonstrates our shared vision for the future of flight as we target reducing fuel consumption and carbon emissions by more than 20% versus today's most efficient engines. As we rise to the challenge of building a world that works, serving customers in vital global markets, we'll stay focused on profitable growth and cash generation, which I'm confident will lead to high single-digit free cash flow margins over the next few years. Steve, with that, let's go to questions.
Larry Culp: Keep in mind, when we talk about -- we use the word spares in a couple of different context. But primarily, spare engines are really a function of fleet planning.  And given where folks are at this point both in terms of activity and cash conservation, I think in part that's why you see the spares of recovery, perhaps being a bit more muted than the strong bounce back we're seeing in shop visits.  And then we talked about green time earlier, I'd say USM is another one of those variables that sits between a direct 1-for-1 transfer from departures to our activity.  That said, I think that we haven't seen much by way of USM to-date, I think as we play forward through the second half of this year and into next year, I think we're anticipating that that will be a growing, but still a modest headwind for us, so we may be trade out a little less green time for a little bit more USM.  But keep in mind as well, USM doesn't happen to GE Aviation. We're an active consumer, user of USM as well. So it will help us in some respects lower our costs with respect to the delivered services we provide our airline customers.  So a number of dynamics there but certainly one that we have an eye on as well as we think about the back half, but maybe more importantly, '22.
Larry Culp: Deane, I think if you look at what we have been wrestling with resin semiconductors like so many and other commodities on a spot basis, I think the vast majority of the effects are basically in our backlog today, now past due to customers.  So I don't think we are going to try to frame that size-wise, but it did have, I would say, modest impact on our revenues and our cash this quarter. And we really want to make sure that we're doing all we can, both with the vendor base and frankly, with our own processes to clear that.  We don't like the foregone revenue, more importantly, we're late with the customer in a number of instances. I think as we look at this instance we might have lost, I'm not sure we can really pinpoint particular orders that went elsewhere because our lead times have been pushed, again, because I don't think this is an isolated GE dynamic.  But we're working hard to make sure that that doesn't happen to the extent we can avoid it in the second half. it's a day-to-day battle. It's tactical, far more than it is strategic on balance. But the teams are hard at it as you can imagine, on a daily basis.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Andy, that would be my pleasure. Let me start with the second quarter, and what happened in the second quarter. When we were talking to you mid-quarter, we were expecting around negative 400 million in free cash flow for the quarter. While that was the target we thought was achievable. We clearly came in much better and we were able to do much better. Where did that come from? Well, it's a combination, both Power and Healthcare continued to be strong both on profit and on cash. In Aviation, we saw cash come in much better. And that was really two-fold. One part was the new orders with progress payments that came and on the other hand, we had less AD&A because our customers didn't ship as many aircraft as expected and therefore, we paid out less AD&A. So with that bit, you can say that basically we are rolling that bit into our updated free cash flow guide, right, so we're raising it from 2.5 to 4.5 to 3.5 to 5, and if you do the midpoint there, you basically see that cash roll through. About half of that improvement comes from earnings, and half comes from working capital and other offsets. And if we then compare with what happened on earnings. Clearly on earnings, we also saw the improved or the strengthening from Power and Healthcare, and we had underlying Aviation as expected. What we also had in the quarter, was a small charge of 400 and that's a non-cash charge. If you take our guide for EPS, which is $0.15 to $0.25, we are now obviously rolling in the results of the second quarter, including that non-cash charge into that number. That said, we do expect to be in the better part of that range for the full year, thanks to the good momentum that we are seeing in the businesses, both in Aviation recovery and the other businesses strengthening their operational performance.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Let me start with the [CMR](ph) and the margins. And I think stepping back, Aviation Service margins are very attractive. And what we had in this quarter was a loss contract, and that's very rare. We have about 200 CSA contracts in our portfolio and there are only a couple of them are loss making and we're not expecting that impact to repeat. The length of the contract is around 15 to 20 years. And the processes we have are rigorous and the controls are working. And it's really cross-functional efforts where because the R&D operations and commercial are working together to update the estimates, we have [estimates] (ph) from last year, and then making a calculation for what the margin should be. In this quarter, with this 1 contract, since that turned into a loss-making contract, what technically happens then is that you don't only update history to that new margin, you also pull forward all the expected or possible losses that you would have going forward on that contract into the second quarter. And that's why it had such a big impact in the quarter with almost 300 from that. What I would say though is that, more importantly is how we're working to improve how we operationally do our services. We're working to reducing turnaround times, we're working to get the engines back to our customers faster, and lowering the cost of our overhaul. If you think about that, that brings us to lower costs, lower cash, and happier customers. That's operationally what's really important for us.  And then your question was, what about this going forward? When we look into the second half, as we've said, we do expect departures to improve. And if you look at the Aviation margin in the second quarter, excluding the [CMR] (ph) impact, it would have been 11% plus, so double-digits, or low double-digits. And that's why we're holding the low double-digit margin. And I would say, when we look at the second half, what will impact the second half, we talked about shop visit volume, the mix, the scope and we do expect that the shop visit trend will move favorably for us. And then we'll continue to have the quarterly CMR process, as is.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Okay, Steve. So maybe I'll start with the receivable question there. I think it's important when we look at receivables to put that in context with our volume, and obviously looking at it excluding factoring so that we can see what traction are we really getting and what is our DSO because that's the best way of measuring how we're improving or not on our underlying performance on working capital management.  And when it comes to receivables and DSO, we have actually improved significantly compared to a year ago. I would say, of all the working capital metrics, is that's the one that is moving -- that's moved the furthest.  Of course, you have seasonality with the volumes and the different businesses, but that's how I would look at it to look at traction, and we are very happy to see that that positive trend has developed over last year with all the work we put into it.  And I do believe that now with factoring soon, all out of the game, that will help us drive billings and collections earlier in the quarters and therefore also improve overall the DSO. So good improvement there, but probably even more opportunity going forward on that topic. And the other question you had was on the charge.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Good morning. Yes. When we talk about Renewables, I will just start by saying that we're proud with the improved margin. We improved 520 bps year-over-year in Renewables. But when looking at Renewables, you really need to look at the different pieces, a bit like you did.  Starting with Onshore Wind, this is the second quarter where we are positive for full Onshore Wind, and that's a significant improvement compared to last year. And we expect to be positive already in 2021 for the full year.  And in the second half, we will expect that the services come back even more, including more repower, and we will continue our journey to take more cost out. Offshore Wind, that's more of the investment for the future.  I would say you'll see more of that in our numbers beginning 2022. Grid. In grid, we're continuing the turnaround, and we saw good momentum in that. We see better cost-out, we saw better project execution.  We are being tougher and having deal selectivity and the restructuring is progressing as planned here. If you take all of that together, you get to that 520 bps improvement year-over-year but it also gives us comfort that we will be positive in 2022, just building on that momentum of operational improvement.  We're cautious of inflation and we're watching the PTC dynamics and how that will impact us. But we do see good tailwinds from growth, increased services and digital, as well as our cost reduction.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes. Nigel, on the receivable and on the factoring, you're right, that's exactly how to look at it. We started the year with almost 7 billion in factor receivables. We took 800 of that out in the first quarter.  You saw us take another 2.7 out now, and we have about a billion to go until year end, and then we'll end the year with around 2 billion, which is what we've talked about. So that's how you get to those numbers, so you're absolutely correct.  When it comes to progress, so if you look at the Quarter this year, you have to compare to -- well, progress last year because if we got to look at the delta ahead, progress last year was including the big military progress payments that we got, which obviously didn't repeat now in the quarter.  This quarter, we had a lot of deliverables in Renewables, so basically, taking down progress and that's really why it was negative compared to the deliverables.  For the rest of the year, well, that will depend a bit on the dynamics of the PTC because we've talked about that the biggest variable for our guide, the cash guide, the 3.5-5, one of the big parts there is the PTC dynamic and if that will change our customer behavior so that they will push out orders that we were expecting to be placed before year end to next year.  And the other one on progress will obviously be also depending on Aviation and how that plays out over the second half of the year.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Hi, Jeff. On factoring, I would say that the important part is taking it down to a reasonable level. What we are talking about is ending this year with our revenues to have about 2 billion of factoring, and that's basically long - term securitization.  And that is part of normal doing business, and that's similar to what other peers are doing. I would say, that is an effective part of financing and reducing risks and using it for the right reasons, while all the rest we're taking out to make sure that we focus on the core, which is really the billing and pushing billings up earlier into the quarter.  If you're not going to get that money automatically by the end of the quarter, you are going to be much more motivated to start billing and collecting earlier in the quarter.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yeah. And on your Inventory question, I would take a couple of things. Within Inventory, one part is volume build for Renewable and delivering expected to be in the second half. right but we also have, I would say, a bit too much inventory still because of the fulfillment delays that we have since.  We talked about it in Aviation but there's also some stretch in Healthcare. Overall, we are improving the turns in inventory as well But it is getting tougher with challenges on the supply chain side. So more work to do even in this environment.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Yes, and on steam restructuring. I will start by saying that Valerie and her team are doing a really good job in this big transformation of steam. And on the other side, that's why we mentioned it, this will be mainly a services business.  So obviously that's a good place to be in. What the margins will be? Well, I would just say that service margins are always expected to be strong and we expect them to be strong. Probably slightly lower than Gas, but we see where that ends.
