Jeff Immelt: Great, Jeff. Thanks. Again, just to recap on ’13, we had a good year in ’13. Industrially, our segment profits grew by 12% in the second half and then we had five of seven segments that had strong growth for the year. We grew margins by 66 basis points organically, close to our 70 basis point goal. Organic growth was flat but up 5% ex power and water. Capital had a solid year, with earnings up 12% while shrinking E&I by 9%. And they paid a dividend of $6 billion to the parent. Per our plan, we returned $18.2 billion of cash to investors through dividends and buybacks.  So we hit really most of our goals for 2013. And then looking forward, on the 2014 framework, we have no change for the 2014 operating framework. We expect double digit industrial earnings growth similar to the second half of ’13. We expect 4% to 7% organic growth with expanded margins.  GE Capital has about $7 billion of earnings, reflecting an improving origination environment, the North American retail transaction, and lower real estate gains. Corporate should be slightly more positive as we pulled forward restructuring into 2013. And there’s no change in our outlook for cash or revenue. So we end the year with momentum. I think we presented this framework to you in December, and I would say, based on the way we closed the year, we’re quite confident in this operating framework for 2014. So we feel good about the momentum of the company. So Trevor, with that, let’s turn it back to you and take some questions. 
Jeff Immelt: What I would say is the value gap was about $900 million in ’13. Our expectation is that it’s not that strong. It’s probably more in the couple hundred million dollar range. When we look at the backlog and where we’ve gone from a sourcing standpoint, we feel confident in the value gap still being a tailwind in 2014.  If you just go a layer lower and you look at gas turbine equipment margin, operating profit, it’s going to be positive in ’14 versus ’13. So that’s the one that’s probably had the most intense pricing pressure. But we’ve had a very active plan to get about 10% of the costs out of our heavy duty gas turbine product. And that’s going to bleed through.  So just to pick the one where we’ve had the most intense competition, we see positive earnings growth year over year in ’14 versus ’13 on heavy duty gas turbine operating profit dollars. 
Jeff Immelt: I think it’s a very fair question. I think what Jeff said earlier is we’re going to do a lot of restructuring this year. Every time we sit and review the business, we compare it directly with their industrial peers, all of whom have double digit operating profit rates. That’s our expectation for this business. And investors, and me, should expect substantial improvement in 2014 versus 2013.
Jeff Immelt: There was one big order for these guys that pushed probably into the first quarter that’s big enough to be a meaningful swinger year over year that should lead to a positive first quarter from an orders standpoint. But to your point, particularly in subsea, we’ve got a strong backlog, pretty high visibility, and so as you know these things are lumpy. So our expectation is that these guys continue to have good, solid orders growth next year, but a push of one big project is meaningful from an orders standpoint.
Jeff Immelt: Why don’t I start and then I’ll turn it over to Jeff. I think the way we’ve tried to build 2014 is to drive the things we can really control in the environment. So we’re going to have another year that’s going to be very aggressive on the structural cost out. And you guys saw us do well this year. We’re going to have another year of real focus there. We’re going to have a positive value gap, not as strong as we had this year, but still positive. And I think that’s realistic. So I think simplification is in our control, value gap, we’ve got pretty good visibility. That’s going to be positive. I think R&D we were able to do a little bit more R&D this year. I think that creates a little bit more headroom for us to make sure that R&D is a positive next year for us.  And then the toughest thing always to call here is mix, in terms of where. So what we’ve tried to do is create a buffer with the things we can control to be able to better balance the mix impact as we go through the year. So we’re not taking our focus off anything. If anything, our structural cost is going to be aggressive. Our restructuring is going to be aggressive. And what we’ve tried to do is create a little bit of buffer vis-à-vis how mix shakes out in the year.
Jeff Immelt: In orders, I think power and water was a little bit stronger. We expected a strong fourth quarter, but it was probably even a little bit stronger than what we thought. I think oil and gas, like I said, tends to be a little bit lumpy. Aviation, we’ve got such a big backlog in aviation. I would say the spares number and the service orders are what we watch closely in aviation. I think those were positive.  Healthcare really no difference in terms of what we thought we were going to see. And I’d say in transportation we just saw weakness around mining, and we expect that to play over into next year. And then the one thing that was really very late-breaking…
Jeff Immelt: Again, I would say that if you look at most of the big industry contextual comments, even with some of the concern about capex costs and things like that, the forecast is for capex to be positive growth in 2014. Maybe not as great as it was in years gone by, but still pretty great. If you look at the national oil companies versus the integrated oil companies, our view is that the NOCs really haven’t backed off at all. And that’s where we see a ton of activity.  I’d say the place that we still think is reasonably weak is maybe around North America, some of the drilling and surface stuff. We’re kind of watching that. And then measurement and control stuff, we’re watching that.  But the last thing I would say, you know, when I get up in the morning, around oil and gas, if you asked me what I worry about first, it’s shipping our late backlog, you know? In other words, we have such a traffic jam around the volume we’ve got in our factories. I’d say we’ve got extremely good visibility, certainly in the short term. You know, again, it’s something we all watch, but I think there’s always going to be big puts and takes in this business.  But I’d leave you the thought of NOCs versus IOCs, the backlog we have today, and getting it executed, and a long term notion that says, if you pick up any of the big reports that your banks tend to write, you know, they basically say that the long term health of the industry is still pretty strong.
Jeff Immelt: I think this is stuff that comes out of the supply chain. We look at it, we’ve been looking at it for a period of time. I think our teams really feel like we’ve got it isolated and reflected. We’ve got teams that are good at this stuff, and I think we know kind of exactly where we are.  It may impact a little bit timing, but our read is it’s not going to impact the year at all from the standpoint of either power and water or the power and water segment growth that we’ve got planned for the year, or the wind business revenue growth for the year.  So we’re good at this stuff, we use an abundance of caution whenever it relates to our customers and things like that, and I think that’s what we’ve exercised here. 
Jeff Immelt: I think that’s the way I’d think about it. We’ve really fortified the benefits in ’14, and those should be greater.
Jeff Immelt: The one thing I would say is that R&D, with the way the funding ran for aviation, and I would say oil and gas, R&D was a little heavier in ’13 than I had expected. And again, this is in our control. We’re reasonably confident that R&D is going to be tailwind in ’14 versus ’13. So other than that, I think it’s all the puts and takes around mix. But I think we’re pretty confident on that. 
Jeff Immelt: I think we’ve got some momentum now, right? So you’ve got a pretty good framework, a pretty good flow, and I think that’s going to carry us over into 2014.
Jeff Immelt: I wouldn’t read into it so much. I don’t think there’s a specific profile. And we expect a number of our businesses to be able to come out of the year and perform well in the first quarter.
Jeff Immelt: When I look globally and in the various segments in the oil and gas business, kind of the drilling piece in North America probably has been the weakest as time goes on. And if we see opportunities to do more work there, we’re certainly going to do it, because we think over the long term that’s still a good place for us.
Jeff Immelt: I don’t know, Jeff, if you went through the unit shipments year over year, we basically haven’t backlogged. You know, Joe, if you just look at that, a big win backlog, shipping more heavy duty gas turbines, the jet engine backlog, etc., etc., it kind of takes you to the 4% to 7% range.
Jeff Immelt: And I would say on the services side, we kind of end the year with the best philosophy we had during the year, so that’s the other piece of the equation.
Jeff Immelt: The region mix is always a relatively big swing in the gas turbine side, so there’s a couple of big deals in Saudi that have been price competitive. And it’s going to be a competitive market, I think. But we’re doing a good job on the cost side, and like I said, I think when we look out over ’14 and into the future, we still see heavy duty gas [unintelligible] equipment, operating profit dollar growth, in this time period.
Jeff Immelt: We’re kind of expecting flattish, maybe up marginally, but nothing substantial. But I think we showed you guys at the outlook meeting that we still expect strong top line and bottom line growth in oil and gas. And that’s reflective of measurement and control in the flattish range. So that’s kind of where we are. I think it’s pretty consistent with what other people in the industry say as well.
Jeff Immelt: We’re hopeful, but that’s not the base plan. The base plan is, I would say, kind of like that it’s bottomed and we’ll see flattish kind of growth in ’14, and we’re taking cost out and stuff like that.
Jeff Immelt: You know, we had a real strong fourth quarter in Russia last year, and it was down substantially this year. And net of that, healthcare growth markets were still pretty good. China was a little bit slower, but not concerning. And the other growth markets were pretty good. Everybody, I just want to say thanks to Trevor. He did a great job. Fantastic. And I appreciate everybody’s acknowledgement, but Trevor, fantastic for all of us. Thanks for a great job. And welcome to Matt. And Trevor’s sprinting to the door, guys. So thanks for your great support of Trevor as well.
Jeff Bornstein: Service margins year over year were up 190 basis points fourth quarter to fourth quarter. Total year, we were up about 90 basis points, full year ’13 versus ’12.
Jeff Bornstein: On aeroderivatives next year, we’re going to be more or less in the range of this year. We expect to see potentially a little bit of growth, but it’s not going to be enormous growth. We had a big year this year on aeroderivatives, particularly trailer mounted, so we’re hoping for a small amount of growth. But it’s not going to be enormous.
Jeff Bornstein: I would just add, on mix, we think equipment is going to be ahead of service next year. And we’ve got a real ramp in GEnx, we’ve got a real ramp in wind. And that’s most of what that mix is driving.
Jeff Bornstein: We had one big oil and gas project in Southeast Asia, almost $700 million, that we were reasonably confident was going to land in the quarter that actually pushed to the first half of next year. Other than that, not a lot of major surprise. As Jeff said, parts and aviation were strong. We expected them to be strong. We knew aviation year over year, based on the CFM launch in the fourth quarter last year, was going to show a little weaker. So I think most everything else was more or less as expected.
Jeff Bornstein: I was just going to add, the population we think we’re talking about, it’s one manufacturing batch of blades that we think we’ve isolated it to when we’re doing instructions on nondestructive testing, etc. So the percentage of the fleet we’re talking about is very, very small. And so we’re just trying to isolate this down, and we wanted to be very careful at year-end about how we dealt with it. And we think we’ve got our arms around the issue, and as Jeff said, it will play out here in the first quarter or second quarter of ’14. 
Jeff Bornstein: It might help if I kind of explain how it moved. Year over year, last year we were at about $1.1 billion, about a $230 million increase in consumer. Now, almost half that increase is associated with selling that Dutch mortgage business in the quarter. Part of the economics of the loss in that actually ran through the provision and then directly to writeoffs. So that, year over year, skews half of it.  And then I mentioned booking up coverage in the North American retail business from 12 to 12.5 months. And then we had a book up on some restructured consumer accounts in Asia year over year. That’s the bulk of it. On the commercial side, we’re up 175 year over year in provisions, about half of that in real estate and half of that in CLL.  And some of that was specific reserves around a couple of accounts, but some of it was just hitting reserve floors. So we’ve said we’re not going to go below certain levels of reserve coverage. The portfolio quality of both real estate and CLL would naturally push us below those floors, because things have improved so quickly. And we’re kind of booking back to those floors, which is not going to go through there, and that’s resulting in reprovisioning up with not necessarily direct correlation to what’s happening for me from a portfolio and quality perspective. And that’s most of the change year over year.
Jeff Bornstein: You know, we’ve talked about by the end of 2016 being at 17% plus operating margins, and that’s how we’re defining success, and that’s what we’re targeting. 
Jeff Bornstein: The wind issue in power would have been diluted to the rate that they printed in the quarter, but it would have been accretive to the overall industrial segment. So that’s a couple of basis points on the total year rate. And combined with energy management, if they had delivered the framework that we expected them to deliver on, we would have been above 71 or 72 basis points for the year. So we’re counting basis points here. The difference between 66 and 70 at this level is $40 million of profit for the year. So we’re really counting small increments here. But ex those two items, we would have been above 70 basis points.
Jeff Bornstein: A couple of things. Flying hours are improving pretty dramatically. We’ve been globally north of 5%, and that has a dramatic impact. You also have a little bit of restocking going on. The orders rate is improving, partly because airlines have cut back on the level of inventory they were carrying on spare parts in 2012. And then the fleet has continued to grow, and the fleet is aging, and we’re seeing more instances of overhauls. So the overhaul rate, if you will, on the installed base, is going up. And that’s driving demand for spare parts. So I think it all fits together.
Jeff Bornstein: I think what we said was we expected to invest $1 billion to $1.5 billion in ’14. We did, as Jeff mentioned, end up accelerating a little bit of that investment into the fourth quarter, largely because the projects were ready to go and we didn’t want to wait to start on execution on those items.  Overall, that’s money that would have been spent in ’14 that won’t now, but I still think our range is $1 billion to $1.5 billion. I think there will be other ideas. We talked about doing some restructuring in ’15.  So I’m not sure that range is really changing much. I would expect the benefits, as Jeff said, would be slightly better in ’14 than they otherwise would have been, because we got a little bit of a head start. 
Jeff Bornstein: In terms of the timing on the restructuring, earlier is better than later, and I would expect the bulk of this to happen in the first quarter or certainly the first half of the year.
Jeff Bornstein: Here’s what we did. We go through this annual review, you’re very familiar with it. In the third quarter we use third-party data on useful life, residential values, lease rates, etc. We always have some cleanup in the fourth quarter. It usually doesn’t amount to much.  This year, coming out of the third quarter, the team took a deeper dive on some of our older aircraft, principally narrow body. We’re in a situation now where you’ve got an enormous amount of technology being introduced over the next five to ten years.  When you get to this level of oil and jet [A] price, the differences in efficiency economically are enormous versus what they might have been historically. And we just decided on both older narrow body Boeing and older narrow body Airbus, that our views of useful lives and residential values were less than what third parties had given us as appraisals in the third quarter.  And it gives us flexibility to deal with these aircraft, and we think we’re on the right side. We’ll be in the market with some of these aircraft in 2014, and we’ll have an idea of just where we are vis-à-vis the portfolio. 
Jeff Bornstein: This is very specific to 50-seat regional jets, the average age was 15 years, to Airbus A318s, very old 737s. Some of the 737s were in cargo format. Etc., etc. So it’s very much narrow body and deep into their lives aircraft. So I don’t think there’s a broader implication across the fleet. I think we like the fleet we have. It’s got an average age of 7 years, it’s priced well. 
Jeff Bornstein: Given our year-end, our fiscal year-end, within GE Capital, etc., the impact for us is really not until the very end of the year. We’re good through the end of November. So the rate we accrue through the year will reflect the fact that we’re in good shape relative to AFE through November and then we’ll assume that in December AFE may not be there, and that’s the rate we’ll accrue to.
Jeff Bornstein: We don’t give guidance at that level. I think you’re correct in assuming that the bulk of what we will invest in simplification next year will be in the first quarter, first half. But we don’t give quarterly earnings guidance.
Jeff Bornstein: I’ll give you this much. I think we certainly expect industrial segment earnings to grow in the first half. That’s about as much as I can give you. But we’re not giving quarterly guidance.
Jeff Bornstein: Well, I think we’ll continue to prune the portfolio where it makes sense. And you know, there will be more transactions in 2014. I don’t know that there will be, certainly excluding NBCU, the same order of magnitude economically as there was in ’13. This is an ongoing process, and the businesses are going to continue to go through their portfolio, and we’ll continue to clean up where it doesn’t make sense, or where we’re not willing to invest, or we don’t see the growth there. So that process will continue as we move through 2014.
Jeff Bornstein: The one thing thematically here, we have a couple of unique things at GE, or at least in the same company, which is the GEnx story and the wind story are fairly unique to GE. And that’s a big part of pushing the range to 4% to 7%. After that, we’re somewhere around 3% to 5%, which I don’t think is off color.  I’ll give you a sense of where we expect units for 2014. Wind we think it’s going to be around 3,000 units versus 2,100 units in ’13, gas turbines somewhere between 85 and 90 versus 81 in ’13, locomotives will be between 550 and 600. That will be down slightly. Jet engines will be up, as I just said around GEnx, will be up to 2,500 units, versus about 2,378 in ’13. And as I mentioned, GEnx will be somewhere between 250 and 300, most of that growth, versus 180. Military is going to be a mix, as it relates to aviation.  So that gives you a sense of kind of what we’re thinking on units. I did mention earlier in the script that we do have a few areas of softness, mining being one of them, and our locomotives business. Mining’s going to be, we expect, very soft on OHB in 2014. 
Jeff Bornstein: I would just add to that, if you look at quoting activity in the space around gas turbines, the fourth quarter, definitely the level of activity has picked up. We’re up like 96% versus fourth quarter ’12, and 26 more projects quoting real time in the fourth quarter than a year ago. And the bulk of that strength has really been in the U.S., surprisingly, and China. So there’s a lot of activity here. I don’t know that we’re necessarily calling a significant turn on gas turbine, but there’s definitely the activity, and you saw the order performance with 65 units in the quarter, 124 for the year, and this quoting activity, we’re hopeful.
Jeff Bornstein: I think what we said was we are not anticipating this being an issue for our framework for the entirety of 2014.
Jeff Bornstein: If you go back to the [unintelligible] that Jeff did for the total year, we spent a bit more in R&D , which partially offset that, and then base inflation, foreign exchange, and other items, we had volume down somewhat. And we didn’t repeat the two big deals I talked about in the fourth quarter year over year, the Duarte deal in aviation and the Thomas deal in medical, which, on a year over year walk, are material differences. But we feel great about what the team is delivering around simplification and SG&A cost out. That value gap was real positive. We expect it to be positive again, not at the same levels, but we expect it to contribute to margins in ’14.
Jeff Bornstein: We’re executing a reclass in the quarter between our nonearnings calculation and the traditional industry calculation of nonaccrual. And so it’s really just that. When you go through the supplemental, there’s a really detailed note that walks exactly what the tradeoff is between cash basis and cost recovery of assets deemed nonaccrual, and within nonaccrual, nonearning. And so you have a bump up in nonearning, you have a big bump down in nonaccrual, roughly $3 billion. And it walks you through the pieces of it. There’s no change whatsoever in terms of portfolio quality. It’s just how we’re characterizing between nonearning and nonaccrual, and that’s just to get us closer to an industry basis. The second is on the real estate, I think we ended the year at roughly about $2.1 billion embedded loss, which is basically flat year over year. The biggest change year over year is we’re at I think $1.1 billion roughly at the end of ’13, as the 30 Rock transaction we did in the first quarter of ’13, which was more than $1 billion pretax, bumped that up a little bit. Now having said that, we sold things throughout the year, there’s both the gains and losses, etc., and we kind of find ourselves back at $2 billion. But I think we feel great about where we are in that $14 billion portfolio, and we’ll continue to liquidate it down. And so far, anyway, we’ve outperformed the embedded loss numbers we’ve been sharing with you for the last five years.
Jeff Bornstein: We ended ’13 at about 91% on the funded status. The deficit in the principal pension plan was down just under $9 billion year over year, driven by portfolio performance. We were up 14.3% in terms of the earnings on pension assets and the discount rate was up to 485 basis points. So that took the deficit down fairly substantially.  In terms of pension next year, we expect pension in total, as I shared with you guys, to be down roughly $900 million next year. A significant percentage of that will be in \non-op pension. You know, the operating pension benefit will be something south of $400 million, but about in that range. We need to kind of finalize exactly where all these year-end ending points, how they’re going to play out in pension expense. So we expect to be down about $900 million in total, with a little less than 40% of that associated with operating pension. 
