Larry Culp: Rahul, thanks. We’re clearly off to a solid start this year. If I close on Slide 12, this captures the essence of GE Aerospace and what we take forward with us. We have an excellent franchise, with sustained competitive advantages and a compelling value proposition. Our platforms are preferred by customers across narrow-body, widebody and defense. We’re aiming to provide industry-leading reliability and durability, prioritizing safety and quality first, then delivery, finally, cost. This means delivering unmatched time on wing and faster turnaround times for our customers. And we’re doing this across the industry’s largest and growing fleets. With our deep domain expertise and talent, commitment to innovation and capacity to invest, we’re poised to deliver the breakthrough technologies of the future. And with FLIGHT DECK as our foundation to bring this all together, our team is poised to realize our full potential and deliver exceptional value for our customers and our shareholders. I’ve never been more confident in our path ahead as GE Aerospace. Before I pass it back to Steve for Q&A, I’d like to take a moment to recognize him and his many contributions to GE. As you know by now, today is Steve’s last call with us after more than five years with the company or put another way, after 22 earnings calls. His dedication and partnership leading the Investor Relations team and serving as a trusted strategic adviser to me and the rest of the leadership team here has been invaluable throughout our transformation. On behalf of myself and the entire team, Steve, we thank you and wish you the best of luck in your next chapter. And I know Rahul would like to say a few words.
Larry Culp: Yes. I would say that, that clearly is a change here in the update this morning. Dave and company are going to talk about their rates tomorrow, I’m sure, on their earnings call. So we’ll leave that conversation with them. But rest assured, as we are with all of our customers, we’re well calibrated and aligned with respect to what we need to do, what they need from us as we look forward. But I think all of us, particularly at this moment, before we talk about rates, always come back to make sure we’re doing all that we can on the safety and quality fronts to ensure the best possible performance of our products, both as they’re being manufactured and then in turn, deployed in the field.
Larry Culp: Well, I would say that we do see, I think, some knock-on positive effects in the aftermarket, both here in 2024, but also in some of our projections. I think it was just even last month at Investor Day, we talked about how retirements have been lower than we would have anticipated, thus that should yield 200 incremental shop visits in 2024 relative to what we anticipated. I think as long as capacity demand remains strong, I get a report every morning at 6 a.m. this morning showed our departures on a worldwide basis across all of our platforms up 7.8%, right? That’s part of what Rahul alluded to in our prepared remarks with respect to our more optimistic outlook with respect to passenger demand. We know the airlines are looking to generate as much lift as they possibly can. And to the extent that they're paced by deliveries, retirements will slow. And that installed base will be worked. Unfortunately, much of that came from our factories, and we're well positioned to support that. Does that push out the timing of perhaps peak CFM56? Yes. But it's early, right? And I don't think we're going to try today to take a quarter in that timeframe as to when that might occur. But it's a positive dynamic for us in the aftermarket, both with existing platforms and increasingly with the LEAP.
Larry Culp: Morning, Seth. Clearly, if we're going to talk about a guide as we are this morning, there's a high level of conviction. But I think you put your finger on what we are working on day-in, day-out here operationally. I think the financial numbers year-over-year are strong, but we know that we could have delivered. We could have executed on more shop visits in the first quarter had we had more reliable, more predictable material flow into our shops. That doesn't impact us as much in terms of spare parts, right? We don't need everything necessarily to move that product to customers, but we do in the case of a shop visit. Some of the FLIGHT DECK examples that I referenced, I think, give us real encouragement that the work we're doing with those top five or top 15 supplier sites is yielding progress. If you look at what we've seen just here in April. We've had a stronger start to the second quarter in terms of shop visit activity, completed outputs than we did in January. That's one comparison that we focus on, because we still are not as linear through the course of a quarter as we would like and making good use of the first two, three, four weeks of a quarter is critical for us to be able to deliver the year-over-year a little on the sequential growth that we would like to see that's embedded here, and most importantly, what our customers need from us given how active they're working in these assets. So the supply chain topic is still relevant. I suspect we'll be talking about it again for the foreseeable future, but I'm very encouraged by the progress that we're making. We just need to make a whole lot more.
Larry Culp: Well, Ken, you're spot on. We're taking that again to level set everybody from an outlook I had is down mid-singles this year to now a positive low single-digit number. I think there is some influence here from what's happening in the Middle East. But I think we're just seeing a higher demand overall from an air cargo perspective. That will principally course through our wide-body exposure more so than the single aisles. And I don't think we're going to quantify it here, but that's certainly part of what is behind the improved service outlook and thus, the improved overall outlook for the rest of this year.
Larry Culp: Well, I think where we're focused today is really in two areas: one, making sure that we continue to advance the building blocks of the underlying technologies with that engine platform. And that's the work that we're spending a considerable amount of money on as part of that $2 billion R&D budget this year. I'd say the other area is making sure that we are closely aligned with the air framers, not only with respect to giving them visibility on the progress that we're making in our technology road map, but also working with them as they think about their own product road maps into the future so that there is that, well, that collaborative symbiotic dynamic. How all that plays out, time will tell. But as we have done over generations, we want to lead with innovation, we want to lead with technology, we want to be close to the air framers. I think everyone understands that we are going to need to see that type of 12%-plus step function in efficiency the next-gen platform. And as we have in the past, we intend to have GE Aerospace at the forefront.
Larry Culp: Well, it really is a broad-based enhancement of our existing domestic footprint. I'm sure you've seen some of the line item details that were publicized locally across the country. I think more than anything, what we wanted to do was make sure we were supporting the fixed capital investments required to operationalize FLIGHT DECK to prepare for the capacity expansions and in some instances, be it additive or in some other technologies like CMCs that we were getting out ahead of demand to the fullest extent possible. Again, back to the reality of the skylines we talked about earlier. So that's what we'll do. That's kind of the announcement that we made here recently. I'm sure there will be follow-on announcements as we continue to invest. But the most important investments, I think we make are those that we make in our people. And much of what we do from a training development perspective, especially, vis-à-vis, FLIGHT DECK, is really geared toward making sure that the people who come in every day are able to do great work and put those fixed assets to their highest and best use.
Larry Culp: Yes. I would say, as I think both Rahul and I have commented, that we're well calibrated with Boeing on the LEAP-1B requirements. We'll leave it to Dave and Brian to speak to the details tomorrow. I think as we look forward, not only with that engine, but others, the supply chain challenge that we've touched on in prior calls continues to be relevant. With respect to new business, I think if you look at our win rates, particularly in narrow-body space over the last several years, we've been very encouraged by the sequential trend, the upticks that we have seen there. And we will continue to work hard to earn the business that ought to come our way. No change in that posture whatsoever.
Larry Culp: Steve, thank you. And again, thanks for everything. Yes, let me just close. I hope you see here that the GE Aerospace team is moving forward with a greater focus to invent the future of flight, to lift people up and bring them home safely. And with FLIGHT DECK as our foundation, I'm confident we will realize our full potential in service of our customers, employees and shareholders. We appreciate your time today and your interest in GE Aerospace.
Rahul Ghai: Thanks, Larry. Steve, I want to personally thank you for your trusted advice and friendship, as I joined the company and as we executed the launches of GE Aerospace and GE Vernova. Your strategic and operating depth and your collaborative style have been instrumental in our transformation. And I know many on this calls and on the calls in the year past are appreciative of your responsiveness to their questions and the work you have done to simplify our financial disclosures while communicating our transformation with clarity and candor. We wish you all the best, and I’ll pass it back to you, in the spirit of making you work till the last day, for questions.
Rahul Ghai: Ron, I would say most of that is volume. And pricing helped across the board, showed up in our revenue growth, margin expansion and in the orders outlook. But of a 34% increase in orders, I would say, most of that is coming from base volume growth with price contributing as well.
Rahul Ghai: Okay. A couple of things in there, Sheila. Let me start with where you started, which was the 2 points of margin headwind that we had spoken to on the January call and on our Investor Day. So if you go back, we had expected 2 points of margin pressure from LEAP OE ramp, introduction of 9X and the step-up in R&D to support LEAP durability, introduction of 9X and develop the future of flight. Now with the pushout of LEAP volume, that headwind of the 2 points is marginally lower. But now if you step back and look at our overall guide for the year, listen, strong start to the year. We are pleased with where we are. And that has given us confidence to raise guidance for the full year and we expect the momentum to fully continue as we get into the second quarter. And overall, for first half, we are expecting about low double-digit revenue growth and about half of profit and free cash for the year, so far more linear year than we’ve done in the past. And overall, as you step back and look at the full year, profit up $150 million at the midpoint of our guide to a range of $6.2 billion to $6.6 billion, call it, mid-teens profit growth and more than 30% EPS growth. So it will be a good year if you deliver these numbers.
Rahul Ghai: No, listen, we had a good start in CES, $1.4 billion of profit, margin expansion despite the CMR, the service profit adjustment that we had to make in the quarter. And the big drivers here were pricing and customer mix, both on the equipment and on services. The mix shift from – mix shift in OE from LEAP to wide-body mix health and also in services, our spare part volume growth was higher than shop visit growth. So that mix shift in services was a contributor as well. So encouraging start, but as you go through the year, keep in mind that the equipment growth will ramp in the second half of the year. Equipment growth will also include 9X shipments and the services mix will skew back towards the shop visit growth, which we still expect to be maybe low to mid-teens for the year. So the second half profit growth on a year-over-year basis will be lower than the profit growth that we’ll see in the first half. But overall, listen, good start in CES, gives us confidence to raise the full year for CES in profit by about $100 million.
Rahul Ghai: And Ken, just to add to that, the direct impact is all depends on the number of shop visits that kind of move into the year. And I think that is – that always takes time. So there’s not a direct correlation here that may show up during the year. But overall, as we look over an extended period of time, as we look at 2024, 2025 combined, that will definitely be a positive driver. So we do expect the benefit from the higher freight departures to be in our financials. The question is probably not as much in 2024, more in 2025.
Rahul Ghai: So on the spare engine, Gautam, overall, our spare engine ratio came down slightly in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis. And we do expect the full year spare engine ratio to be down as well versus 2023 kind of as we’ve communicated before. So really not a lot of change here from the change that we are making in the LEAP install engine output to translate into spare engines. So we still expect the spare engine ratio to be down year-over-year. And it will be – it will keep coming down over the next couple of years, I would say, on a gradual basis, Gautam, just given where LEAP spare engine has been in the past. So we expect a continued decline here in the spare engine ratio over the next couple of years gradually.
Rahul Ghai: We do expect, Scott, that as we go through the year, as you go through the decade, I should say, that there will be more T&M contracts. Keep in mind, as Russell spoke at Investor Day, our 2030 target for LEAP is we do about 60% or so of the shop visits between us and Safran, and 40% are done externally. And of that 60%, there will be a mix between CSAs and T&M, but we are actively working to increase the T&M population. Our CBSA partners are standing up there helping us as well. So we would see a migration from CSAs to T&M contracts with about 60% of the shop visits done in-house here between Safran and GE Aerospace, and the remaining 40% being done by our channel partners.
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So Noah, listen, good start on cash. Obviously, pleased. We doubled our free cash flow at Aerospace year-over-year. I would say, first, let's just talk about the quarter. Two main drivers here: one was earnings growth, and second was working capital improvement, which kind of offset the AD&A headwind. And working capital in the quarter was a source of cash versus a use of cash last year. So that was a good turnaround from what we delivered. And the improvements we saw in the quarter came from a days sales outstanding that were down six days year-over-year and then progress payments that we got from customers. Inventory continues to be a challenge, given all the material availability, and so our WIP levels are high and the trapped inventory that we have increased as well. So overall, earnings growth and working capital kind of drove the first quarter. And as you look at the full year, to your question on how – what's changed versus our prior guide. As I said in my prepared remarks, we do expect the incremental earnings growth that we are driving to flow through to cash. So we increased the midpoint of our op profit by, call it, $150 million, so call it $100 million kind of post taxes. That should – our free cash should be up by that. Again, on a full year basis, same drivers of free cash. Earnings growth and working capital improvement will continue to be the two big drivers. I think the things that we are watching here, Noah, as you go into the second half of the year is going to be the inventory reduction that we can drive. So that's the one that's – just given the supply chain challenges, given the demand dynamics with the air framers, so we continue to watch that inventory level and can we drive the same level of inventory reduction that we had initially planned that we've started the year. So again, good start. We expect about half the full year cash to be in the first half of the year. And then we do think that the earnings increase that we've driven should flow through our cash as well. And greater than 100% conversion, well above 100% for the year.
