Larry Culp: Steve, thank you and good morning everyone. The GE team turned in another strong quarter with double-digit growth in orders, revenue, operating profit and cash, supported by services strength, robust market demand and the lean transformation within our more focused businesses. In the first half alone, earnings have now surpassed our full year 2022 results. GE Aerospace is growing rapidly as we execute on the ramp of our customers, and GE Vernova is strengthening pre-spin with record orders in improving profitability at Renewable Energy and continued margin expansion at Power. Based largely on year-to-date performance and expectations for continued strength in the second half, we are raising full year guidance today. Big picture is a clear sense of progress, passion and purpose within our businesses. This was particularly evident to me when I was in France last month. At the Paris Air Show, GE Aerospace shared our bold vision to define flight for today, tomorrow and the future during meetings with customers, suppliers and investors. CFM’s RISE demonstrator program drew a lot of excitement, as it aims to reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions by at least 20% compared to today's most efficient engines. I also saw our GE Vernova team for our Onshore Wind and Grid operating reviews, where we discussed opportunities and challenges with equal candor and transparency. We focus on how we grow these businesses profitably by applying real lean at the point of impact to drive results. We're also seeing lean’s impact in our offshore wind facility in Saint-Nazaire, where the team has reduced cycle times to assemble the cell roofs by nearly 50% through multiple kaizens. So while it's still early, I'm encouraged by examples like this across GE Vernova. Day in, day out we're increasingly operating as GE Aerospace and GE Vernova, two industry leaders with large installed bases where services represent about 70% of GE Aerospace revenue, and about half of GE Vernova revenue. In addition to attractive economics services keep us close to our customers. We understand the issues they're wrestling with, and how our technology is performing, which shapes our future roadmaps. And with our businesses executing we're advancing towards their launches as independent investment grade companies next year. When I reflect on how far we've come, it always starts with the team. So a big thank you to the entire global GE team. There's a lot to be excited about as we look forward to the rest of this year. Before I turn it over to Carolina to take you through our results in detail, let me take a moment to welcome Rahul to his additional role as GE’s CFO this fall. Since joining GE Aerospace last year, he has quickly become an impactful and influential member of our GE Aerospace leadership team. And so with our final spin approaching sometime in early 24 and Rahul assuming the CFO job in September 1, this is Carolina’s last earnings call. She has been a trusted strategic partner through significant deleveraging, improving our operating results and building the financial foundation for our three independent companies. We're deeply grateful for her many contributions. So on behalf of the entire GE team and for me personally, Carolina Thank you.
Larry Culp: Thank you, Andrew. You're illustrious in our eyes, rest assured. I could say with respect to the offshore order, again, that was something that we knew we had coming. There were just some details that we needed to lock down and we were pleased to do that. But really no surprise from what we shared with you out in Cincinnati in March in that regard. Now, I think for us, we're still building out this Offshore business. We referenced what we're doing in terms of production in Saint-Nazaire to begin to flow this backlog, this nascent backlog that we have. We certainly have read and have had direct discussions with a number of customers on both sides the Atlantic as they prepare for the next decade. I think we're optimistic about Offshore Wind. I know there were some pressure over the course that weekend that talked to some of the potential delays, but -- at the end of the day as we think about the energy transition we think about various ways in which certainly the coast are going to be powered with renewable sources, Offshore has a role to play there. I mean, what we want to do is build up a business that has a respectable profitable slice of that market. Really pleased with the progress we’re making in Onshore. I think everything that we said a year ago is playing out in terms of our selectivity, the improvement in the quality of the backlog from a from a pricing and from a cost perspective. I think the team here we've talked often about how they're going to run the power playbook have done a really nice job making sure that we are working through some of the quality issues that triggered the charge that we took in the third quarter of last year and again our cost base is 30% better than it was just 12 months ago. So you put that together, you can really see the churn in Onshore. And Grid, we don't talk a lot about Grid, but really pleased with similar execution against a backdrop where I think maybe more so in Europe but increasingly here in the U.S. people appreciate how critical grid modernization will be to the energy transition. So we've got three as they say in Aerospace, angles of attack, in renewables, gas continuing to play a vital role. So we like the way that we're positioned, offshore wind being one play amongst many at GE Vernova.
Larry Culp: Julian, let me, let me frame that for you. I think you've got the contours exactly right. Again, I think that in 2023 what we've said all along is that what we really need to see is that sequential improvement in Onshore Wind. And that was really, if you will, the battleground for us this year, as we get ready to have Vernova go sometime early next year. And I think all in all, we saw that sequential improvement, again, a function of a better backlog being shipped from a, from a pricing, from a terms and conditions perspective, some of that's a function of our selectivity, some of that's a function of just improved market conditions. We know we are delivering a higher quality product to customers today, that's reflected in our cost performance, let alone the restructuring that has been underway there. And that really continues. And I'd also suggest that beyond what you see in those numbers, what I see in our operating reviews really gives me confidence that the teams running this business that we want them to run it. And that bodes well both for the back half improvements that are part of the guide here, but also getting us ready for next year. Again, a similar rollout in Grid. We've been at -- we've been running the Power playbook there for the last couple of years and having them turn profitable, not that that's the goal. We want to be a strong contributor here. I think it's another proof point of progress. You're right, Offshore Wind does begin to negate some of that progress as that mix effect takes a hold with the uptick in Offshore revenues improving and thus, the revenue recognition and the losses there as we work through that initial backlog. But we knew that was part of the start-up of Offshore Wind. So we see sequential progress. It's muted a bit perhaps in your eyes because of the Offshore effect. I mean, Offshore was roughly half of the loss in the second quarter. But given the progress in Onshore Wind, given the progress in Grid, given what we know we're going to be able to do an Offshore Wind next year, we feel very good about the progress and the momentum that we're making at Vernova or at renewables at large.
Larry Culp: Rob, I thought your multi-series coverage on that specific topic and how the 2 airframers are going to play out their narrow-body product strategy here really captured well the critical questions that we're all wrestling with. As you probably can respect, we're in deep with both of our airframer customers relative to our own product road map and technology road map for that matter, i.e., RISE, and how we can work together as they evolve their own product strategy. So specifically to the A220-500, I think we'll keep our comments private. We'll have that conversation with Guillaume and his team. But obviously, as we evolve our product portfolio, we want to be on all the critical platforms that matter in the decades ahead.
Larry Culp: Dean, we should have mentioned that earlier. Thanks for asking me about that. Part of what we've tried to do, in addition to our selectivity effort in terms of the types of opportunities that we pursue, is also make sure that, frankly, we are driving more standardized offerings. I would say that we are seeing probably more in the order book than in the P&L today the positive effect of that. I'd also say coupled with that is just a, frankly, a more conservative forward estimation of cost and that that will play out over time. We'll see how conservative those estimates are. But I know that the team for the last several quarters is really not that too far into the future. These will be the cost position that we anticipate having when we deliver on this growing backlog. So you put all that together, in addition to the quality improvement that we put across the sharply reduced cost structure that we have in the business. I think that's why we've got particularly an Onshore Wind, the optimism we do about the back half, and profitability in 2024.
Larry Culp: Yes, so on Poland, Nigel, I didn't fully follow your third quarter question. So let's come back to that. But let me start with Poland. So we've been working to simplify the legacy liabilities. And it's a meaningful step forward in that direction prior to spend. We're approving a settlement program. And that significantly reduces our exposure to future losses. And as Carolina said in her prepared remarks, there's no incremental GE cash from taking this reserve, as the bank has adequate cash balances. So we feel good to get this as much as we can behind us, obviously, the situation is revolving. But at this point, it's a really good step forward as we clean up and simplify all the legacy liabilities.
Larry Culp: Yes. So on third quarter, expect high single-digit revenue growth in the quarter and then EPS range of about $0.45 to $0.55 with sequential profit growth in both Aerospace and in Renewables. And we will see a pretty strong growth in Power in the third quarter on profit, and expect the margins to go up 3 to 4 points on Power. And if you look at the EPS that we're providing, the range that we're providing of $0.45 to $0.55, that's about 2x what we did last year even if we exclude the charge. So it's a significant improvement from that. And for Aerospace, going back all the way to prior questions, profit will be up sequentially, but the margin rates could be down slightly given the majority of the first half to second half increase is coming from commercial OE. And then Renewables will continue to see sequential improvements, given Onshore Wind and Grid performance. And then as I said, Power, given the outage activity in the third quarter, we do expect good improvement there and free cash. And the free cash kind of flat to up slightly in the quarter with earnings growth and working capital reduction offsetting the D&A headwind.
Larry Culp: Joe, I would say that there really isn't any change in our perspective this morning with respect to the spend and the capital allocation decisions that we'll take between now and then. We've talked about Vernova launching sometime early next year. That is still very much the case today. We've talked about that really being a function of their performance, not necessarily our readiness, because the teams that are focused on the separation work had, I think, real success with HealthCare, are rerunning that playbook here and are exactly where we would want to be in the middle of July. So as we look forward again, I think we're really encouraged by what we have seen in the first half results and in the second half outlook. Still work to do, right? There's a negative operating loss there that none of us feel great about. But I think what we've said is the way we'll define winning is sequential improvement business by business. And what we've seen in Onshore and Grid, I think we can all be quite proud of. With respect to capital allocation, Job 1 remains a successful standup of all 3 of these companies. And while you've seen us continue to make progress on some of the specific initiatives like the monetization of the AerCap stake, likewise with HealthCare, you mentioned the preps, thank you, even the -- well, just you put all that together, we're very much going to be in position from a balance sheet perspective to not only launch but then allow each of the respective Boards at Aerospace and Vernova to shape the contours of a capital allocation policy fit for each business. So that may be a little boring perhaps here in the near term, but this team is hyper focused on what our overarching priority is over the next several quarters, and that is the successful spin of GE Vernova and successful standup of GE Aerospace.
Larry Culp: Steve, thank you. No, I would say simply to close a strong first half in 2023. And frankly, I've never been more confident in our path ahead as we prepare to launch both GE Aerospace and GE Vernova. Thanks everybody for your time today and your investment and support of our company.
Rahul Ghai: Yes, thanks Larry, morning Sheila. So you know first let me just go back to how good the second quarter was which you referenced, we had 28% organic growth. Commercial engines up more than 50%, service continuing a really strong run with 30% plus growth. Defense recovering as Larry said in his remarks to be up double digit on revenue growth for the first half. And profit was up more than 30% year-over-year with margin expansion. And the quarter was better than what we had expected going back all the way to April. So but more importantly as we looked at the quarter it gave us the confidence to raise the full year. And our profit is up $1 billion for the year at the midpoint of the guide with the year-over-year margin expansion. So that's a positive change as well. And relative to April we're raising the full year profit by about $250 million at the midpoint of the guide with about $400 million of revenue increase. So that's about a 60% incremental drop through and that is happening even though most of the revenue increase in our guide is coming from commercial OE as we are raising the commercial OE outlook from approximately 20 to mid-to-high 20s. So the business is doing better on execution and the improvement in the spare parts growth is helping as well.  Now to your question on the sequential view between first half and second half, the key driver of the sequential growth is commercial -- is coming from commercial OE, which is up probably 60% between first half, second half. And that's the reversal of what we saw last year. Last year, most of the first half and the second half growth was coming from commercial services. And within commercial OE, there is a spare installs dynamic happening as well, with installs being as a percentage of total shipments, increasing as we get into the second half of the year. So that's why you're seeing a sequential step down in margin. But again, it's going to be a really good year. We're going to expand margins and grow profit about $1 billion for the year.
Rahul Ghai: So let me start with the first question on pricing Seth. So again, I think the price continues to be a positive driver in terms of earnings growth across both defense and commercial. And we are price cost positive both in the quarter and expect to be price cost positive for the year. So the trends continue to be good, and that is similar to what we saw last year. So really no change in terms of how we are driving incremental pricing to cover the inflation that we are feeling in the business. Now, in terms of our spare part sales, yes, the spare part sales you are right, I mean, it was really good, really good growth in the quarter, more than 40%. And I would say three large drivers of the spare part growth. First, the price increases that we just spoke about, but it is just not the increase, it is also the discipline with which we are driving the business so that we are making sure that we are extracting the most out of the price increases that we are putting in place. The second was the customer mix was favorable as well. So, that helped drive spare part sales. And the third I would say is if you go to back to 2022, China was really weak last year, especially in the second and third quarters because of the shutdown in China. So, the year-over-year growth trends were helped by a weak compare in the second quarter in China. Now, that dynamic is going to shift a little bit as we get into the second half of the year, because if you recall, China came back really strongly in the fourth quarter to get ready for the reopening in first quarter. So, that’s going to impact our spare part growth in the second half of the year on a year-on-year basis. So, overall, I think we’re really pleased with how spare parts are trending, good growth in the quarter and expect continued growth of the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis although at a slower rate.
Rahul Ghai: So just to add to into what Larry just said, so if you look at Vernova we are raising both revenue and profit guidance for the year, about $250 million of the profit raises from midpoint. And it's coming both with power and renewables contributing to the race. About a third of that is from the second quarter performance in power, driven by the strength of the services business and about two thirds from renewables in the second half of 2023, with improvement in both Onshore and Grid, Onshore mainly because of the backlog, margins improving and in Grid from volume and productivity. So good progress in both businesses year-over-year and on a sequential basis.
Rahul Ghai: So let me start, Jeff, with 2023 first. So on renewables for full year, in the current construct, what you'll find is kind of flattish to last year, $150-ish million positive from earnings, right, with huge growth in earnings minus the charge that we took last year and good progress on Onshore Wind here, especially with the progress payments. Grid's doing well, but it's coming -- it's getting offset by the offshore from absence of progress payments and the way the contract assets are playing out. So overall, renewables, think of that as kind of flat year-over-year for full year. And then if you go to Power, the fact is Power free cash could be slightly down year-over-year. Again, positive earnings from cash, but it's getting pressured with these contract assets because as the revenue growth happens, we burn through the contract assets that are sitting on our books because the revenue exceeds the billings. So that's what's happening on the Power side. So it's good for the business. The revenue growth is happening. The outages are helping. It's driving good revenue growth, but has a temporary negative impact on free cash. Now obviously, as we get into 2024, we'll provide more guidance as we get towards the end of the year into next year, but we do expect strong sequential improvement year-over-year in Vernova business overall.
Rahul Ghai: No, Larry, I think you covered it. I think it's good to see the recovery happening in the second half -- in the second quarter kind of puts us back on track for the full year. And we're seeing good demand and good improvement in year-over-year delivery. So we expect a good half in the back half of the year.
Rahul Ghai: So the orders don't help much this year, Chris. I mean, that's mainly -- those revenues, those orders will kind of play out over ‘24 and even ‘25. So -- and what you see between the first half growth and the second half growth is just basically project timing. It's just a question of which projects are getting executed and how those projects play out. So -- but again, it's good progress, feel better about the year, raising guidance on renewables, on revenue growth. So it's good progress. And the orders that we -- and the orders are obviously very, very strong, and that helps ‘24 and ‘25.
