Trevor Schauenberg: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, and welcome everyone. We are pleased to host today's fourth quarter and total year 2010 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued a press release earlier this morning, and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor. As always, we'll have time for Q&A at the end. Elements of this presentation are forward-looking, and our based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes, so please interpret them in that light. For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I'd like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.
Trevor Schauenberg: Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Keith. Michael, why we don't we open the lines and go in to the questions now.
Trevor Schauenberg: Thank you, everyone for joining our webcast today. The replay of today's webcast will be available this afternoon. We'll also be distributing our quarterly supplemental data schedule for GE Capital later today. So take a look for that. Our first quarter 2011 earnings webcast is scheduled for April 21. And finally, as always, JoAnn and I will be here and available for questions today. Thank you everyone for joining.
Jeffrey Immelt: Great, Trevor. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to give you, on the first page, an overview of a really good quarter for the company and confirm strong outlook as we think about 2011. The environment continues to improve, really, it's broader and deeper as we look across the portfolio. A good strength in orders. Losses are down. Credit demand is up. Across the rail and aircraft market very strong. As I've said in the past, we just think the economy can get a little bit stronger everyday. We had good top line performance, the best in a while, 6% industrial organic growth. And then, infrastructure orders 12%, equipment up 20%, services up 5%. We end the year with a very strong backlog. Earnings growth continues to improve. Continuing EPS, up 33%. Capital had another strong quarter and in total Industrial segment profit, including NBC, was up 8%. We did do a lot of restructuring in the quarter. We had $0.10 industrial tax benefits offset by $0.10 restructuring and other charges, including the Hudson remediation. And so, I think, what we've been able to do is significantly risk reduce 2011. Our execution was strong. CFOA in the high end. We end with a lot of cash in the balance sheet. Operating profit rates at 17.5%. The capital portfolio transformation is advancing. We had a very good value gap in 2010. We built our operating plans and '11 expecting a lower value gap. And we're executing, I think, a balanced and disciplined in capital allocation plan. We've bought back $1.8 billion of stock. We've had two dividend increases. The first quarter '11 dividend will be 40% higher than the first quarter of '10. And we're executing on valuable infrastructure acquisitions. So again, I think a good overview for the company. On the next page, orders grew at 12%. This is the highest order intake since 2007. We end 2010 with a record backlog and it's very broad based. I think if you look across the Energy segment, Oil & Gas was very strong. Service is growing. We still expect energy equipment to turn positive in 2011 but a lot of good signs. Aviation, again, very strong. Healthcare growth continues. And transportation recovery, there's fewer locomotives part. We had 240 North American locos. So again we feel very good about the backlog and how we're positioned going forward just given the overall strength of our order base. On the next page, on execution, our segment operating profit rate was up 10 basis points. Again, as I said, a positive value gap. Healthcare, volume leverage. Aviation was impacted by some onetime costs in the fourth quarter, and we think that improves going into 2011. And then R&D was a full point of impact. And we grew our operating profit rate, despite the fact we've increased R&D investment by 21%. And so we entered 2011 with a full backlog of products. Really, the R&D spend is in our run rate. And we just see a 50 new NPIs in Healthcare. Significant global investment in country for country. So we really have a great foundation for organic growth, and we're able to deliver on operations, while investing for future growth. On the next page, on cash. Our cash flow ended up at the high end of our range at $14.7 billion. We improved our working capital turns to by one full turn. And if you look at the right-hand side of the page, our consolidated cash is $79 billion. Cash at the parent, is a record in my history at $19 billion. And you can just see the way we executed this year on CFOA, dispositions. And so, we really entered 2011 with a lot of financial flexibility and just a lot of cash, available cash, at the parent. So we feel good about that. Lastly, before I turn it over to Keith, really, a lot has happened vis-à-vis NBCU since the December meeting. I think when we were together in December, we thought we would close NBCU transaction. That slip into January. We should close the transaction next Friday.  As we said, this is a high pretax gain, a small after-tax gain. we'll have about $3 billion tax charge that will impact the GE tax rate in 2011. So we were booking at that higher rate through the third quarter. Keith will go through this in a little bit more detail. We will reverse that in the fourth quarter. And we'll have a higher tax rate in the first quarter of '11 and for the total year. We still expect about a $0.05 EPS impact from the NBCU going from 80% to 49% in 2011. And we'll use the gain to fund additional restructuring in 2011.  There's no change to the overall outlook of how we think about 2011 or 2010 from this because any gain will be used against restructuring. But it does change the tax rate.
Jeffrey Immelt: Exactly. And then from a parent cash standpoint, we ended the year at $19 billion. Once we close next Friday, we'll have about $22 billion of cash. And we plan to continue to execute a balanced and disciplined capital allocation program.  You've seen what we've done with the dividends. We've relaunched the buyback and then we've announced four transactions that are really right over the plate for us in our sweet spot in Energy and Healthcare. Really, the right size deals are going to help us grow. So this is really, I think, a good news page for investors. So with that, let me turn over to Keith to go through the fourth quarter financials.
Jeffrey Immelt: Great. Thanks, Keith. I just want to close with a couple of charts I went through with the December meeting. First on the operating framework. I think 2011 will look a lot like the fourth quarter, positive growth in industrial, GE Capital earnings snapback, we have the NBCU dilution and less restructuring and pension, as Keith said will be flat. So we have a good outlook for 2011. Total operating earnings should be up nicely in 2011 as we look forward. So I think -- what you saw on the fourth quarter is a pretty good precursor to what you're going to see in 2011. CFOA, we talked about between $12 billion and $13 billion. We'll continue to work on working capital improvements. And then from a revenue standpoint, industrial about 5% organic. Acquisitions will be on top of that. GE Capital will be down about 5%, with continued management of any net investment and NBCU will be accounted for as an equity investment in corporate. So again, this outlook, I think, it was fortified as we close fourth quarter, but no world change versus where we were in December. Kind of the way we think about operating EPS going forward in '11 and '12, we've got a set of headwinds in 2011 as we shipped fewer energy equipment units, the NBCU's dilution and the high R&D spending. A lot more tailwinds as we go into 2011. Transportation, Healthcare, strong GE Capital, M&A, and those will be the drivers the strong earnings improvement in 2011.  And then as we shift gears and look forward in 2012, we'll have, I think, fewer headwinds. We see the backlog for heavy-duty gas turbines and wind continuing to improve, but that will play out over time. And we'll be spending at the higher run rate in R&D, but we should have earnings growth in both Aviation and Energy Infrastructure in '12. GE Capital continuing to move forward. Aviation and Transportation, retired the preferred stock. So we'll have more tailwinds as you look at 2012 versus 2011. And again, this just confirms what we talked about in the December meeting. And the last page just a point of view on kind of how we think about ourselves from an operating goal standpoint. We want to continue to grow operating earnings in excess of the S&P 500. Have organic growth in services and growth markets between 5% and 10%. Keep GE Capital between 30% and 40% of total operating earnings. Grow cash more than net income. And as we restore our GE Capital dividend, that's still something that we're focused on to be prepared for in 2012. Continue to increase our ROTC and maintain an industrial ROTC growth of 15%. And just continue to drive an attractive dividend payout ratio. These are the things that we have as key internal operating goals that we want our investors to believe in.  And then just to conclude from an outlook standpoint, the best more forecast-focused portfolio in memory committed to balance and disciplined capital allocation. I think, really, well positioned for long-term organic growth. You saw some of that in the fourth quarter. I think a very valuable GE Capital business in our performance is accelerating. And I think our financial results showed that.  So Trevor with that, let me turn it over to you, and let's take some questions.
Jeffrey Immelt: Scott, I was pretty positive in December. I would say, look, I take comfort in two things. One is very strong orders momentum. In the types of businesses we're in, that always is what starts the momentum. So I think that's a real positive. And then, I would say just the across-the-board improvement in GE Capital. I think Keith went through the operating results, but there's just more liquidity out there. That's going to help Commercial Real Estate. Losses are lower. Origination is strengthening. So there's just lots of clues along the way. Now on the other side, you know what I want our investors to know is that we are running the place within intensity. I still want to make sure that we are focused on things like value cap, working capital returns. Because, I think, we want to make sure we run the place with great intensity at the same time. But we do see things that continue to be encouraging as we look at the broad economy.
Jeffrey Immelt: A lot of the long-stock orders are still outside the U.S. or still kind of emerging markets and stuff like that. But I think the number Keith showed that gives me -- the amount of volume in GE Capital in the quarter, I think was above what we had expected. And that's a good sign, I think for the activity that's going on in the U.S.
Jeffrey Immelt: I don't know what the total number was. I can tell you for '11. What we're basically thinking, we delivered 114 in '10, Steve. And for '11 we're planning somewhere around 103.
Jeffrey Immelt: We got a pretty good feel for the backlog relative to the estimated conversion. They have commitments and aren't order that we think will fill out the rest of the units for '11.
Jeffrey Immelt: I think, Steve, we still have excess capacity in 2012. What we do, I think, and you've been through this before, we have a pretty good like commitments to order pipeline. And so, our commitment pipeline is building. Those convert to orders over time. So we have a pretty good line of sight for where the industry is going to go.
Jeffrey Immelt: We see the volumes coming back and our footprint is pretty lean right now. So I think we've done a lot of good work on restructuring over the last two or three years. So it gives us more flexibility, I think, when we look out for 2011.
Jeffrey Immelt: Inside our Energy business, we've got a very big industrial footprint, both in terms of smart grid and kind of the core GE Industrial business. We play around data centers for a long time and around the fringes. This puts us more in a central position there. It's actually quite good technology. And so I think inorganically, now that we've got this base inorganically, we know all the customers. And I think this just gives us a great platform for good inorganic growth. And getting in at somewhere between 7.5x and 8x EBITDA is a pretty good place. This was one of the world-class platforms five or 10 years ago. And it's got great -- it's primarily North America today. We've got a lot of opportunities to globalize it. So I would count on us using this like we did with wind as kind of -- it gets some seed planted and now we can scale it organically using our technology and distribution.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes. I mean, I think the pricing is going to be slightly negative when you look at 2011. And that's kind of how we build the plan for next year. So I think it's kind of into the expectations of the core run rate.
Jeffrey Immelt: In Energy -- look, I would say that from an equipment standpoint, the margins will probably be under a little bit of pressure. From a service standpoint, I think there's upward momentum on service margins.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes. I mean, I would say, Bob, we talked about the GEnx and I think some of the things Keith talked about were onetime impacts in the fourth quarter. And kind of what we said at the December meeting with which was Aviation segment profit should be about flat in '11 versus '10. I think that's still a good outlook for the business.
Jeffrey Immelt: The first thing I'd say, Deane, is all you guys know my commitment to GE and my leadership at GE, and that doesn't change. This is my passion. I'm committed. I'm a hard worker. So I am focused on the company. But at the same time, I'm honored to be able to work on something I think has importance in a broader economic context. And I think Deane, the folks is going to be exactly what it said, competitiveness in jobs and a focus on exports, global tax policy, regulatory, manufacturing jobs, energy, things like that. And so I just think it's a broader context, and I'm honored to serve.
Jeffrey Immelt: With great transparency. I'd say on one hand, I know a lot because I see a lot, and that's the strength of GE. But at the same time, I think both as a company and individually, I've always understood context and where we fit. And I think I'll manage that with great transparency.
Jeffrey Immelt: In the spares orders in the first couple of weeks of January are also very strong. So I think the year is starting off in a good way.
Jeffrey Immelt: That's actually improved. And I think that's good for Healthcare, because we've got a nice big backlog going into this year, and the supply chains will work its way out.
Jeffrey Immelt: Look, I think you've got volume getting better. So volume, I think, we've seen interest commitments in volume getting better. Volume is going to continue to get better during 2011. So it's a long cycle business. And I think it's all about productivity and things like that in terms of how would we execute on those sides. But you're going to see volume improvements as you go from 2011 to 2012. Now what I would say, Nigel, and again just as a backdrop, when you think about our Energy business, it's a very big business. So I would divide it into kind of four parts. You've got heavy-duty gas turbines and wind. Then you've got all of the distributed energy products, aero derivatives, Jenbacher and things like that. You've got service and then you've got oil & gas. So you got a lot of the components of energy that are going to be positive in 2011 and positive in 2012. And that's why we like the business. It's a diversified portfolio. So could there be upside, I hope so. But I think it's kind of the ebb and flow of the market. And look, we have half the heavy-duty gas turbine market. And our share is very strong and will remain strong. And our wind market share, we have just put out the results yesterday, our wind market share in U.S. is up 10 points. So we're going to have as good an outlook as any of our competitors as we go through the next couple of years.
Jeffrey Immelt: I just looked at this a little while ago. But I think if you look at the U.S. in the last decade, let's say between 2000 and 2010. We sold somewhere between 40 and 50 heavy-duty gas turbines in the whole decade. So we still think the U.S. is going to be a gas and wind market with the price of natural gas where it is. When we talk to our utility customers, it's the prevalent commentary in terms of what they're interested in. So I think that's out there somewhere. We're not counting on it for 2011, we don't. But that has a very high likelihood of happening at some point based on reserved margins.
Jeffrey Immelt: I'll give you a factoid. Keith talked about it earlier, but kind of before people buy heavy-duty gas turbines they buy aero because they're quick to cite and they fit around the edges. I think our aero orders were 2x in Q4, something like that. So that's not a bad sign.
Jeffrey Immelt: I think, Steve, what I've said in December and what I really believe is that we should be investing in our core franchise in a way that our investors get the benefits of our ability to assemble acquisitions. And so if you think of what we've done in energy. If you think about what we've done in Oil & Gas. We create value for you by staying disciplined in that range and giving our investors the benefits of the accumulation value. And so, I like what we've done. I think they've been well indicative of the kinds of deal -- if you look at the four deals we've done, I think their very indicative of the kinds of deals we're going to do. And we want to be balanced and disciplined. I think we'd like to dividend. We think buybacks are going to be important, and I think this notion of balance and discipline is important for GE.
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes. I think, I'm trying to walk a world where we think of our reserves provisions and write-offs a little different with other banks but people report the banks as a complete release of reserves. And we're trying to make sure the distinction. Most of our decline in reserves comes from writing off actual receivables. But then we want, just clarity to say, we had $100 million of recoveries against previously reserved items. Is that a reserve release or is that, that we were favorable in our collections activity versus what we ultimately thought the loss was going to be. We're just giving you transparency on it. We didn't plan on having reserve releases, but we did have benefits versus our positions. On the consumer side, we had a subjective reserve as delinquencies got worse. We put up some additional reserves in 2009 and early '10. And obviously, as the delinquencies have improved, we just couldn't justify keeping them there, so that was about $100 million. So we don't have big numbers like that. I think we could have some $200 million out of the whole quarter is probably not a lot, but we could have some more in 2011 as we go forward. If we can get recoveries in excess of previously reserved accounts, that would be great. But I think the main thing that's going to happen is our provisions are going to have to be less going forward as the delinquencies and the non-earnings improve. That's going to be the main driver as we go into '11, John.
Jeffrey Immelt: Well again, John, it doesn't impact the framework, the EPS. In other words it changes the rate but not the EPS.
Keith Sherin: Tax rate as you said, we're going to have a pretax gain plus a high tax charge it doesn't change the EPS.
Keith Sherin: Scott, I think the $10 billion, historically, would've included a balance of capital. So this balance we're talking about is just at the parent, as you know. So I think when you look with the forecast going forward, we're probably going to keep somewhere between $8 billion and $10 billion of cash for the near term anyway. I think over the longer term as you reduce some of the longer tail risks, you may be even able to reduce that below that. But probably somewhere around there would be a place where we would have the flexibility that if we ever needed for whatever unforeseen risk that we could think of to have some more cash to be a little safer and more secured or maybe be opportunistic. Those are the kind of amounts that we would think of today and from an enterprise-risk perspective at the parent for the near term.
Keith Sherin: The margins in the capital business were pretty good in the quarter. In the third quarter we had about 5.04% and in the fourth quarter we're up 5.3%. So for the year, we ended, Jeff Bornstein said at the December analyst meeting, he thought it'd be around 5%. We ended at 5.1% on margins for GE Capital for the total year. So you see the volumes have pretty good returns across the portfolio. Consumer obviously, it continues to drive its returns up. Real Estate, by having less losses has helped us improve returns and will continue to do that, obviously, if they turnaround going forward. So I think we're still seeing good volume at good returns. We're very disciplined on the pricing of GE Capital.
Keith Sherin: We think that losses in impairment peaked in '10. And now we got to see what kind of pace of recovery we will have. We obviously have some good indicators early on delinquencies and the fact that credit losses on the debt books improved. We still had impairments, obviously, in the equity books. So we got to see what the pace of that is in terms of occupancy, rental growth and overall GDP. But I think it seems to us like the losses have certainly peaked in '10 and we expect a strong improvement in Real Estate in '11 and '12.
Keith Sherin: I said the total in Energy was down 3%. If you look at the pieces of equipment, which were down 6%. Thermal was down 11%. Renewables were down 14%. So those are the two biggest. And I think, we're still seeing, globally, a lot of competition. We've got strong competitors and we got to compete with our products to win in the marketplace. And that's what we've kind of factored into our 2011 planning in terms of the value gap as Jeff said. It's a tough competitive market out there, but I like the unit orders that we have in the fourth quarter and they're in line with our expectations were for the '11 planning.
Keith Sherin: Julian, what I would say is that the R&D is pretty much built into the run rate. It'll be up a little bit year-over-year '11 to '10. And then I would say that we're counting on a value gap that's probably slightly negative than '11. And I'll probably hold the internal teams to try to keep that flat. And that'll be positive in Aviation and Healthcare and businesses like that. And with a little bit more headwind in Energy.
Keith Sherin: We haven't really given that out in terms of a forecast for loss rates. I think you have to say though if you look at 2010, we're probably $1.5 billion below what we had expected in terms of loss rates mostly driven by the credit side, the improvements in consumer, the improvements in CLL. We had higher impairments than we thought in 2010. But hopefully, those are going to abate a little. I think clearly the performance we're expecting in GE Capital when we look at 2011 is going to be driven by improved credit conditions as you see, these delinquencies and non-earnings rollover. So I would expect that write-offs will exceed our provisioning by several hundred million dollars during the year. And over time, the provisions have to come down. We're at 2.5% coverage today. I don't know where they're going to get to over a normal cycle. But clearly, we're still at too high versus normal on both the consumer side and the commercial side. So we are expecting GE Capital, and GE Capital team is even forecasting, a much improved performance driven a lot by the credit side. But also the margin side, the new business volumes that we're putting on versus the business that's rolling off continues to be attractive. And as we shrink places with red assets like mortgage or as real estate goes from a loss to a positive, that's going to be part of this growth driver in 2011 as well. So we don't have a specific forecast that we've given for losses. But clearly, they're going to be better, Terry.
Keith Sherin: Right now, what we have is we're probably going to have somewhere around $0.01 a quarter as our normal run rate. You can see that in the core industrial. I think you see that we continue to do a plant rationalization in H&BS both in Lighting and Appliances. We've done a lot of service rationalization in the Energy business. We'll continue that. We'll continue some service rationalization in the Aviation business. And we've had a lot of, in the past, total headcount in downsizing in GE Capital that will continue in some of the red asset businesses. But we're investing a lot in growth on the other side, on the green asset businesses in GE Capital side. I think right now it's pretty much going to be in the Legacy Industrial businesses where we continue to rationalize our footprint. The Legacy Service business where we can be more efficient would be part of the main places.
Keith Sherin: Plus we're looking at other things. Obviously, when we get NBC close, we do expect a small after tax gain. We're looking for opportunities there, and that could continue to have more restructuring as well.
Keith Sherin: I have the total as $90 million of positive price in Energy. I don't have the split between thermal and renewables.
Keith Sherin: We still have a good margin, strong price in the backlog. Especially in the wind backlog that we're still delivering on. So that's going to continue to mitigate some of this here, Jeff, for a period.
Keith Sherin: We said overall for '11, we expect margins to be flat to down. I think you know we expect the value gap to be pressure on margins.
Keith Sherin: I would say -- let's take a look at the last two years. So if you do 2009, our Industrial, our GE x check rate was 22%. If you do 2010 and you exclude the impact of the settlements, which we do not anticipate repeating and you exclude the impact of the incremental restructuring we did, high cash restructuring, which most of that was obviously the Hudson reserve, which we again don't anticipate repeating, you're probably around the 23% rate for 2010, Jeff. And I don't see anything going forward in 2011 that would change that, x the NBC thing, which is going to raise the tax rate somewhere between 15 to 20 points for the year. So I would model on a core somewhere in the low- to mid-20s for industrial tax rates.
Keith Sherin: No, it's basically the fact that our global organization allows us to have very low tax overseas earnings. So when I say a credit, I think you're going to be basically dealing with income that results in less than a 35% rate that gives you the equivalent of around somewhere between $1.5 billion to $2 billion of credit. And then the tax rate will depend upon how much pretax income we have. So take the pretax and grow it next year for the fact that you're going to have lower losses, lower credit losses, lower impairments and better margins. You offset a little bit for the volume, we're going to continue to shrink the book and you put the 35% rate on that. And then the $1.5 billion to $2 billion, somewhere around $1.7 billion, is a good estimate for just planning. Gives you an estimate of what the GE Capital tax rate would be. I mean, the tax rate has a lot of volatility. I think the fact that we're saying for guidance to keep the benefits somewhere around $1.7 billion is the best guidepost for you. And it's split pretty evenly around the core. If look in the fourth quarter we have about $450 million of credit tax benefits from the global financing structures.
Keith Sherin: Well it's going to be in corporate, it will be a one line reporting. But it's going to be -- we've moved it into corporate for next year and it'll be a minority interest net income. And we'll tell you where it is every quarter. But right now, we basically said we expect about $0.05 of dilution versus this year. And if you look at the total year results that we have, which we published today on pretax and you work that in to about $0.05 dilution, you can get estimate for what 2011 will be.
Keith Sherin: Basically as we continue to see delinquencies and non-earnings improve, Bob, basically we're not going to be required to continue put up as much new prevision as the book improves. So in 2009, we had about $10.6 billion of credit costs related to the debt portfolio. In 2010, we had $7.2 billion of credit costs, losses. So I don't know what the exact pace of acceleration of continued improvement is. We've seen an awful lot of improvement in the consumer book. I think there's more improvement to come in the commercial book and certainly more improvement to come in the real estate book. But we expect to continue to see that provision go down and we expect to have write-offs greater than the new provision, which will result in lower reserves going forward. And we expect to have very good solid earnings growth in GE Capital obviously in '11.
Keith Sherin: As I said, I don't have a specific number on it. I think that 2.63 was a long time ago and was a number that doesn't reflect the current mix of our business at all today.
Keith Sherin: It's going to be lower, Bob. We can model out the commercial losses. They're less than 1% today. I think that's going to continue to improve. I think on the consumer side, it's going to depend upon what unemployment does as to how low it goes and how quickly it goes. And I think you got a sticky unemployment situations, so we got to watch that. We got not a great housing situation, but we have definite improvements in our book based on the underwriting changes we've made. And the performance of the retail portfolio we have. So I think it's going to be lower. I think you got to have to take your own stab at how far to go with it.
Keith Sherin: When you take a look at Shinsei, we made no adjustments in the quarter. As you know, we ended the third quarter with about $1.7 billion of reserves. At the end of the fourth quarter the reserve balance is down $1.5 billion. So we settled a number of claims through the quarter, about $200 million in the last three months. And we continue to see as new claims come in, they were higher in September, October, November. They started to turn back over and go down again. But the bankruptcy, clearly, the Takefuji bankruptcy has clearly created a bubble of claims here. We believe that the court is not going to complete its work with Takefuji claimants until some time in the first quarter. And we're going to just have to watch those claims as they go down. So we've got a senior leader dedicated to this task with a big team in Japan. We're continuing to work with Shinsei on all the process around claim management, litigation management. And at the end of the day, we think we're still adequately reserve for the liability that we have in Japan.
Keith Sherin: Yes. I think a couple of dynamics going on there. It's a good question. We did see good spare parts orders, x the Aviall. So we had a onetime big order with Aviall last year. But x that, we're seeing a lot of good incoming orders. Again, you know we have a price increase that we put in at the end of the year that's effective for this year, so some of that is orders before that takes effect. That was about 5% for 2011. But with the average daily order rate coming in at 25% off that $25 million a day and up significantly, that's held pretty good. If you look at overhauls, we saw overhauls, they were up about 8% in the quarter. They had a little lower job scope, so there wasn't a big revenue increase there. And then, in terms of total service margins, we had some pressure in utilization from some of our customers that affected, that offset some of those order rates in the spare parts. We had some people flying the planes a lot less than what we had originally anticipated. And so some of that offset some of the spares orders. But in terms of the outlook, we feel pretty good about the order rate.
Keith Sherin: A little of that in the third quarter, you saw a little more in the fourth quarter. We're feeling pretty good about that outlook, yes.
Keith Sherin: As you know, we do the impairments in the third quarter. That was one of the biggest events. The other thing they also had some tax benefits in the fourth quarter that don't repeat, they were offset in capital corporate with some tax charges. But at the end of the day, it was part of the increase in GECAS results. It would've been closer to flat with last year without some of the lower taxes, I would say.
Keith Sherin: I think pricing on both thermal and wind was a little worse in fourth quarter than third quarter. I don't remember exactly what the numbers are. We can go back to the script, we said in the third quarter, and we can get it to you through Trevor and JoAnna. But it's a little worse on equipment side.
Keith Sherin: It's more on the delinquencies, generally. But I think the other factor that may come in is if we continue to have recoveries that exceed what our position was. I mean, we had $100 million of recovery some things that we fully reserved in the Real Estate business. And that comes in to the P&L just like a reserve release. So the fact that we reserved it 100% someone paid us off. We may continue to see more about in the Real Estate business and maybe some of that in CLL.
Keith Sherin: Well, we booked to what we thought we had to, obviously. I think the 2010, you're right, it came in at $2.3 billion on the impairments line in Real Estate. And we have seen some improvements. If you look, the declines in rental have abated, increases in occupancy have improved in many markets. I think these were a little bit unusual because a lot of them were concentrated in Japan and some in Europe. But in many parts of the equity book, we've seen the pressure from impairments abate. And we have some early positive signs. How good will it get and how fast will it get, I hope you're right. But 2010 was a little higher, it was higher than we thought. It's probably about $1 billion of impairments higher than we originally anticipated.
Keith Sherin: We're obviously making great progress in GE Capital. If you look at -- you see the Tier 1 ratios for GE Capital Corp., GE Capital Services, the fact that we're shrinking the book faster. The fact that we've continued to pay down our debt and pre-pay or pre-issue debt so that we're ready to pay down future maturities. Everything in the place feels better to us. I think the change that we've got to get to is we are committed to being well capitalized under whatever regulatory regime and whatever the measurements are that people are going to have and be accountable to. We have an idea of that, but we don't have a formal agreement on that with the Fed. The Fed is going to become a regulator sometime in the first half of this year as part of the Dodd-Frank. We're going to transition from the OTFs. We've got engaged in those discussions, Steve. I think we're well prepared for it. I think we've been planning on it for 18 months now. I think Mike and the team have staffed up. We've changed processes. We got better policies, rigor reporting. Everything in place. But we got to go through that process. I feel great about the priors in GE Capital and with the discussions that you read about that are going on with the banks, about dividends relative to different capital ratios, we're going to have to see. Our plan doesn't assume anything in '11. Our plan assumes that in '12 we'll get a dividend as part of their earnings. And going forward past '12, our plan assumes that we're going to get some excess capital out of Capital as we shrink we book and have additional capital in excess of even being well capitalized under any metric that we can see today.
Keith Sherin: WMC in the quarter, we didn't change anything in our reserves. We had about $250 million of backlogger claims at the end of third quarter with $100 million of reserves. At the end of the year, we end the year with about $350 million of claims. We left the reserves at $100 million because we had very favorable experience against claim settlement rates versus what we had anticipated. So we feel like we've got a very solid reserve against the claims that are there, and we feel very good about the business position on the ability for people to make claims based on the strength of the work the team did in WMC. So we ended the year at $350 million at claims, $100 million in reserves, and we feel very good about it.
Keith Sherin: Well, we're going to continue to have depreciation of around $1 billion a year. We'll have to see what happens with valuations in the portfolio, in Real Estate and the total portfolio in the fourth quarter. We went from 5% to 6% type of valuation declines. Third quarter year-to-date down to zero, one in the fourth quarter. So that was an improvement. And for our properties where we have a specific reserve, we were in the teens. And the third quarter year-to-date, we went down 3% to 4% on specific properties. So we do continue to see improvements. We had improvements in occupancy in our own properties. We went up to a little over 80%, I think the number was. And we've seen, obviously, an abatement of declines associated with rental growth in many of the regions. So if you got a valuation turn here, you're going to have an ability to eat into that unrealized loss much quicker. But right now, we would plan and eating into it in an orderly way. We think we'd get down somewhere around zero at the end of '13, something like that.
Keith Sherin: Well, sure. it's not on the books, obviously. It's an unrealized loss in the equity portfolio. That could get better and we'll obviously communicate the changes in that as we go forward. We're doing that kind of twice a year now.
Keith Sherin: If I look at consumer in the quarter on write-offs, yes, we'll continue to clean out delinquent accounts. We have a formula. I mean, basically 180 days on an open end, we write that thing off on a close end. It's written off by, I think, it's 360. It's completely written off. It's all formulaic based on delinquency.
Keith Sherin: No, it's mostly U.S, right. There's the credit card and then there's the retail sale support that we have. And I think they both are performing about the same pace.
Keith Sherin: Provision in the fourth quarter is $1.355 billion. What I said was we had -- the total would have been 200 higher except for those -- the original provision was higher but it was declined by 200 for those two events. I had the recoveries is Real Estate as well as the release of the reserve in the consumer business. That's the difference, exactly.
Keith Sherin: Well, the corporate items year-over-year were $1 billion worse, right? And about $400 million of that is the incremental restructuring versus last year. So we had more restructuring in the fourth quarter of '10 than we had in '09. That was about $400 million pretax. Last year, we had a gain in corporate. And we also had the operations of security, the earnings and security that was held for sale. The total of that was about $300 million of credits. In corporate that didn't repeat. And then, we had a $100 million of higher R&D this year. And the pension plan was a couple of hundred million higher as you know. So those four pieces, I think, would have count for the delta year-over-year in corporate.
Keith Sherin: We have in the framework, as Jeff said, we think it's going to be a little bit negative versus 2010. I think, obviously, they'll be less restructuring. But we're going to have the dilution of NBC included in that line. We're going to have some structuring and we'll have whatever restructuring we do offsetting the NBC gain in that line. And overall, when you put those pieces together, we think it will probably still be just slightly negative.
Keith Sherin: it's going to be really high. I think if you look at that NBC page that Jeff showed you, we're going to have a pretax gain of somewhere around $3 billion. And we're going to have a tax charge of somewhere less than that around $3 billion, resulting in a net gain in the quarter. But that $3 billion of taxes is kind of locked in and it's just going to create 15 to 20 points for the year. I do not know what's it's going to do for the first quarter, it's going to be a lot. We're going to have a very high rate in the quarter driven by that.
