Larry Culp: Well, Josh, I think that’s a pretty good summary in so much as we saw through the course of last summer and early fall, right, folks want to get back in the air. A lot of activity. We knew we would see a slight lag. But through the course of the year, right, our inductions and in turn, our shop visits, increased sequentially at any step along the way. There is a little bit of noise here, I think, with the new variant. But I think you’re spot on is our customers have worn through a good bit of the green time capacity that they had as they prepare for what I think many of us expect to be improved conditions before too long here in ‘22 and then going into ‘23. Everybody wants to be ready. And I think that’s more or less what you see, not only in our results in 2021, but is inherent in what we’ve shared relative to our outlook for 2022. So there may be some timing here or there in a part of the world or with a particular airline. But I think you’re spot on, we are talking months, not years.
Larry Culp: Scott, it’s really been, what, 77 days since we announced the spins. I tend to use that framing as opposed to something that has a sadder context like breakup, right? We are excited about what we are doing. I think we really think that when you look at the year that healthcare had operationally, they are in a very good position, getting better every day. Clearly, the supply chain challenges held back revenue in the second half, with 800 basis points to 900 basis points. But all in, we simply have to go through the work, right, over the next year to prepare this business to be independent. And I think if you could just snap your fingers operationally, that would be – that would take less time, but there is a lot of legal and structural financial systems and the rest that we need to work through. So net-net, the plan of record remains today early ‘23. If we can get that work done more quickly, rest assured, I think, we would be motivated and keen to do that. But I think for today’s purposes, the update is really that the logic and the rationale around greater accountability, better alignment, smarter capital allocation holds. The feedback across the board has been strong and supportive. So, we are heads down. We are doing the work. Before too long, we are going to have an outstanding independent GE Healthcare under Pete and company’s leadership that I think we are all going to be quite excited and proud of.
Larry Culp: Sure. Brendan, I would say that in many respects, we are going to do three things in the face of inflation. We are not doing them in reaction to these inflationary pressures that we see, but the inflationary pressures make progress all the more critical. I would say first, as you know, we have been reducing our fixed cost structure in a number of ways through restructuring and normal course work in onshore wind and in grid, in particular within renewables over the last several years. It’s one reason that grid’s on the cusp of being breakeven. That’s not the target, but it is a way point towards better margins in that regard. And there is some work that we can do certainly in grid and in wind going forward. On the material cost side of things, we certainly can do more to make sure that we are not only designing in better, more robust cost structures given the inflationary pressures and the price pressures in the industry, but we have retooled our procurement team in that business as well. And we are just trying to make sure that we are working with our suppliers as smartly as we can to get the best combination of quality, delivery and cost possible. So, we are working both of those cost leverage while at the same time, making sure that we are pushing price where we can. We were encouraged by the progress we saw in the upfront order price activity in the back half, particularly in onshore wind. There is more to do there. And rest assured coming into ‘22, the team, both here in the U.S. and across the world, is hard at that work. And that dovetails admittedly a little bit into the selectivity that we talked about earlier in our prepared remarks, not that it’s a reaction to inflation per se. But by being more selective, more disciplined in what we sign up for, being clear about the segments and the geographies that we like versus not given our footprint and capabilities, that will help, I think, drive margin expansion and frankly, in turn, better cash performance here as well. So, there is a lot to do here, and we could go on. But I think it’s important, Brendan, not to lose sight of the fact that the progress we are making in many respects is hitting a bit, given the downturn in the U.S. market, our best market given the PTC lapsing. But that said, when you look medium to long-term, we continue to be big believers in the demand environment for onshore wind, and we think we are well positioned to be an important part of that going forward.
Larry Culp: Deane, I think that if you look at the total company impact in the quarter, we were down, what, 3% from a revenue perspective. You probably – if you were to adjust for supply chain and selectivity, the way I have penciled it out, you are probably in the mid-single digit range in terms of revenue growth. Now, I don’t like doing that as you well know, right, that helps to understand what’s happening from an underlying perspective. But again, we didn’t see those pressures strictly constraining healthcare. We saw that really across the board, but it was most acute in healthcare. And that’s why I think it’s important to look past or look through the revenue number here in the fourth quarter. Never happy to be down, but I certainly applaud the business’ efforts at being more selective. The supply chain issues are what they are. We are not alone in that regard. But when you look at those dynamics, couple that with the 12% increase we saw for the full year in terms of orders, that is why I think we have got the optimism and the conviction that we do relative to the high-single digit organic growth figure in the outlook.
Larry Culp: Andy, I would say that if you look at ‘21, price-cost was ever so slight negative for us. And I think as we look at this outlook for ‘22, the same holds. It will be – it will have a different constitution, I think this year because there are places, given the longer cycle nature of certain businesses, renewables, certainly amongst them in certain commodities, and you touched on steel appropriately, right. We are going to see a little bit more headwind, I think just given our cycling through the P&L in ‘22 than we did in ‘21. That said, right, the teams are much further along with respect to both some of the procurement and the value engineering work that helps us offset some of those impressions from a cost perspective as well as some of the price actions that we are taking. I think we clearly saw through the course of ‘21 in the shorter cycle business is healthcare, perhaps being the best example, where that inflationary pressure hit first and we began to see some of the positive effect from our pricing work as well take root. It will be a little bit different as the long-cycle businesses kick in, right, both the bigger ticket, longer cycle pieces of healthcare, but also in power and renewables, aviation as well to a certain degree. So, I wish it weren’t what it is, but as we all know, is probably as tough an operating environments we have seen in decades in that regard. Again, it is what it is. We need to work hard both on the cost and the price aspects, which rest assured the teams are doing as we speak.
Larry Culp: Sure, Steve. This was an incredibly important year for GE. I am proud of how our team continued to execute for our customers, and we are excited about the work that lies ahead. I just want to thank all of our employees and our partners for their incredible efforts and our investors for their continued support. We appreciate your interest today, your investment in our company and the time you shared with us this morning. Steve and the IR team stand ready to assist as you consider GE in your investment processes. Thank you.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Hi Jeff, of course, maybe starting with sort of the guide for 2022. Yes, we have a high cash conversion in 2022. And if you take our EPS guide, the midpoint of that is $3.15, right. If you just compare that with ‘21 to ‘22, that’s actually at the higher end of the range. It’s actually a doubling of EPS. But if we start with the midpoint being $3.15, that’s basically the equivalent of roughly net income of $30.5 billion. You add back D&A of just below $3 billion. Then we talked about working capital, as you mentioned. So, in 2021, we had positive flows of about $2 billion of working capital ex factoring. And as Larry said this morning, we also expect that to continue to be a good source, so you can expect to have almost $3 billion of positive working capital in the number of the midpoint of our guide for 2022. Then AD&A is going to be negative about $0.5 billion of flow in 2022, so to put that back. And then you have the CapEx. And we mentioned earlier today that we expect to increase CapEx. So, it was 1.4 in ‘21, so you checked it up a bit for 2022. And then you have some sort of restructuring and pension payments as usual. And that gets you to the $6 billion of free cash flow, the midpoint of our guide. So, that’s how you get from the mid-EPS to the midpoint of our free cash flow. And when you talk about the working capital part, well, yes, we saw good improvement in 2021, but there is still significant opportunity to do more. I mean, our inventory turns are on 2.7 at the end of the year in ‘21, and we expect that to continue to improve next year, especially with supply chain easing a bit through the half of the year. We saw strong improvement in 2021, but also expect that to continue to improve in 2022. And then you have sort of the arbitrage between CapEx and D&A with CapEx being lower. But overall, I would say that we are, of course, clearly focused on growing earnings, as we have talked to you before. So, although we see working capital being a strong bridge in the next couple of years, we expect conversion to normalize over time. I would say probably still elevated with above 100%, but on a much higher earnings base. And then over time, EPS and free cash flow will be much closer to each other.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Markus, let me start. Happy to help with clearing up the cash ones. I am sure we will get many more questions on cash. But going forward, it’s going to be much simpler. So, on the deleveraging, yes, we have made tremendous progress on our debt and leverage, took out more than $50 billion in 2021. And to your point, we are expecting 2x by year-end 2022. I would say and stress that our capital allocation plan for 2022 includes playing offense. And with that, we mean organic, investing in R&D and commercial activities. And you heard us talk about an increased CapEx, but it also includes inorganic actions. And you saw BK Medical and Opus One, so we can expect to see more where that comes from. And at the same time, we are working to make sure that each standalone company has an operating model that maximizes shareholder value. So overall, we are really excited about the opportunities we have to strategically deploy capital as we go forward.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: Hi Steve, so let me start with talking about the first quarter. So, we expect to see the typical seasonality with the first quarter. And basically, we expect it to be negative on the free cash flow in the first quarter. I would say the majority of the businesses are up year-over-year. On cash, while renewables is in a tougher spot because of the purchases made through the second half of last year, and we don’t expect to see big progress payments in the first quarter. So, that’s why we overall end on a negative in the first quarter. And when it comes to receivables, I am obviously speaking for the GE numbers and the GE activity that we have in our numbers and there, we won’t continue with factoring. We basically have, I would say, less than $100 million still that is running off in 2022, but no more new activities.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: So Nigel, let me talk about that. We will obviously talk much more about this at outlook. So, I won’t give all the detail here and now. I won’t spoil that for our outlook and all of you in Carolina. If we look at working capital specifically, I would say that even if we have seen improvements in 2022, we took down 12 days on the receivables, but there is still more as I see it that we can improve. There are different pockets and sort of different areas have different structures, but there is still improvement to do there. And it’s about $300 million per day as we improve, right. On inventory turns, a bit of the improvement that we have made is hidden by the fact that supply chain challenges sort of got stronger and stronger. And that’s why we have some WIP. We are on 2.7x turns now. I mean there is a best-in-class or a couple of turns better. So, clearly more to do there. And one turn here is equivalent of $4 billion to $5 billion, right. So, there is a lot of money in improving there. But I think it’s going to be important to remember that as we grow as a business, there is a working capital need by a growing company, and that’s why it’s going to be so important to look at the underlying KPIs like DSOs and turns to see what the real improvement is on processes and that’s why we are going to continue to work with that and also continue to share that with you. On the CapEx side, so with 1.4 last year, well, in 2021, and we are expecting that to grow. And yes, it is to be compared with the 2.8. Where that goes over time, I think it’s too early to tell. We have talked about how to manage CapEx in a more effective way and also making sure that the capital allocation is done in a shareholder value maximizing situation. So, we will come back with you on more on that. But overall, still much more to do on working capital, even if we are proud of the accomplishments we did in 2021.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: So, Nicole, as I understand it, you are talking a bit about the seasonality, right. So, if we look at – if you compare ‘21 to 2020, of course, they are sort of special years. But if you look at that, you can see that the seasonality overall in the business, you still have lower volumes in the first half versus the second half. You have aviation usually growing through the year. In renewables, we are expecting first half to have lower onshore wind deliveries. Power, we would expect the outages as usual to be more second half loaded. And I would say on healthcare, it’s more the supply chain constraints that make us expect the second half to be stronger than the first half. So, sort of that is how the business is moving. And we talked about the first quarter, so I won’t go back to that again. So, overall, I would say operationally, improving in the art is super important for us, and we are really happy to see the progress we did in 2021 when we expect to continue to improve in 2022.
Carolina Dybeck Happe: So Julian, yes, you will be able to follow the cash flow and the different numbers that we have in the K. I would say, though, that 5.8 is the number to look at as what we achieved operationally for 2021. So, that is how a jumping off point. But you will be able to see what it looked like on the different pieces. So, no worries about that. And to your second question about separation costs, you are absolutely right. You will see that separately and it will be adjusted out of earnings.
