Jeff Immelt: We have no change for the operating frame work for 2014, we expect double digit industrial operating profit growth behind solid organic growth and margin expansion. GE Capital earnings were on track for $7 billion excluding the impact of the preferred dividend. We will hit our simplification goals including a $500 million reduction in corporate expense we plan for restructuring to exceed gains which is a drag on 2014 -- benefit 2015 and beyond. Our CFOA and revenue remain on track. In fact I would say organic growth in probably closer to the high end of the range. We continue to move the company forward strategically. Our long-term investments in technology are really paying off with solid share gains and with the retail finance IPO and Alstom acquisition we are broadly reshaping the company. I am proud of the GE team’s ability to execute so well strategic and operationally on so many fronts and we're well-positioned for the future. So Matt, now back to you and let's take some questions.
Jeff Immelt: Yes, Scott. What I would say is on -- in our oil and gas business, we feel like we’ve got a great coverage in terms of where we are right now. We really don’t have any changes today on how we think about capital allocation and things like that. But look, we’re always looking at the portfolio in terms of additional divestitures and things that we can do progressively inside the company. We’re not done with that yet. And that can open up new capital allocation options. But we’re really not -- we really today -- our focus is on -- our near-term focus is on the Alstom integration and doing a great job with that.
Jeff Immelt: I would say Julian the U.S. market continues to be tough. Outside the U.S., I think the team’s executing pretty well overall. I would agree with Jeff’s assessment on where healthcare are coming on the year. And I think the good part about GE is we have other segments that will be higher than our original expectations, so in total we still feel good about the overall framework of double-digit operating profit growth, industrial operating profit growth.
Jeff Immelt: Julian, if you look in the industry ABB is 15 plus, Siemens is double digits, our combined business will be 5% to 6%. If we can get from 5%-6% to 10%, we are going to create a bunch of shareholder value here in terms of where we need to go. And I think that’s our game plan in terms of how do you be a more competitive enterprise on a combined basis.
Jeff Immelt: Yes. So we’re on the timeline we talked about for the IPO. We’re talking in the second half of ‘15 now. I think just based on the amount of work to get the standalone ready and to get to where we need to be with regulators and get to the approval process. We think that’s probably closer to the second half of ‘15.
Jeff Immelt: John I would just add that and say really a business in an industry that we've been in for 100 years. We've done at once with Alstom, so we knew a little bit from 1999. Deals like this come around infrequently particularly at this kind of valuation, so 4.5 times EBITDA after synergies and synergy pipeline that adds up to more than 1.2 billion. So there is always a lot of discussion around deals like this, but the overall economics are extremely compelling for investors in light in our sweet spot vis-à-vis the ability to execute.
Jeff Immelt: I think Steve aviation is certainly doing better and oil and gas is off to a good start for the year and we expect energy management to deliver…
Jeff Immelt: Well Joe, again, I think we never like to talk about dispositions and so we actually see them, but I would say we are on track for the $4 billion and we would expect additional announcements as you look at how the year unfolds, but those things happen as they happen. And on the buy side, look we always have a list of stuff that we do. I think the question that Scott asked earlier was really a more along the lines of Turbomachinery and packaging and things like that. We feel like in oil and gas, we feel like we've got a great portfolio in that particular segment of oil and gas. And I would just circle back to the big priority of the team really is the Alstom integration and that's where the main focus is right now.
Jeff Immelt: Deane, on this, there is I think three big subsea deals, two of them have been awarded us, so it’s just a function of getting the kind of project approval and stuff like that.
Jeff Immelt: Andrew I just think zero. Our intent is to get to the 75-25 by ‘16 and still do the simplification that we’ve got going right now and the teams are executing along that track.
Jeff Immelt: In the DP businesses, Algeria, Brazil, Thailand, those aren’t solar places, that’s where the DP business really goes.
Steve Bolze: Scott, listen we are two separate companies and we'll be through closing. As we said we have an integration planning effort that we have now kicked off, but we have a process that we have to go through works council approval to have a shareholder review and we have all the various regulatory steps to go through. So at this point, Scott they are separate, in some areas we do compete. But as I mentioned earlier these companies are largely complementary, complementary towards the geography, technology and it's a company we obviously know. And as you know Scott back in 1999 we bought the packaging business that was EGT that came to us and some of our best leaders came from that. But in the short term we are separate and they are under their control.
Steve Bolze: I think what you saw from the results in the quarter is that team is making progress. And one of the thing that business also needs long-term is scale. And that’s one of the things we talked about with Alstom in our integration planning. One of the joint ventures we have is right in that space. We will be putting our digital energy business with the Alstom grid business to have more scale globally and be able to compete with the people like ABB and Siemens. So I think we are on the right track.
Steve Bolze: The H, just to follow up on your question there Nigel, as we said we have nine now in the process and our first one ship next year and the demand is around the world and you see demand also in this high efficiency segment continuing to move forward, a lot of focus on area; there are multiple people in the space, but we are happy with our progress. And as you heard from Jeff Bornstein, if you look at our gas turbine orders through the first half, we're 41 versus 32 last year. We're making headway towards the framework that we put out earlier this year of about 125 for the year.
Steve Bolze: Absolutely Jeff I, the mechanics, two different structures but it's clear on how Alstom gets liquidity. And in each case, Alstom would have the right to sell all of its shares in the JVs to GE at a price that would return Alstom’s investment plus an annual accretion in line approximately to our borrowing costs. Additionally there is an opportunity for Alstom to share and some potential upside based on a predetermined EBITDA multiple. The timing of those outputs are slightly different grid and renewables more in the three to four year timeframe for the [nuclear] and French steam JV more in the year 5, 6, 7 timeframe but it’s clear we know how it works and pretty straight forward.
Steve Bolze: That’s correct. In terms of their whole and some slightly return as we talked about. But at this point we maintain operational control. We named the CEO and we know how to get after the synergies.
Steve Bolze: Steve as we look at Advanced Gas Paths we have got 19 shifts in the quarter, 36 year-to-date versus 14 last year. So we are clearly on a better path this year on Advanced Gas Paths. My guess is as we look at the second half of the year we are going to see the second half kind of more level loaded with the first half so therefore it might be 70ish maybe a little more. So that’s why when Jeff Bornstein talked about Advanced Gas Paths we feel little better but we do have some probably some softness in the distributed power area. So that’s how we, kind of how we look at that.
Steve Bolze: I think it's a great question. I'd say you are seeing the impact of less load growth, electricity load growth, because of the distributed generation technology, solar energy storage et cetera. But what I would say is in aggregate though there is still electricity load growth. And again, a lot of those technologies still are less than 1% or 2% of the total load on the system and still 70% of all new power generation, new equipment purchases in the world are in developing regions. So this is something we got to look at on a global scale. So overall, I'd say we play in pieces of that. And I think you'll see us over time build out the portfolio in spaces but…
Jeff Bornstein: Yes, Scott. I mean the reason we focus and we’re heading down the path on the split is that it’s very tax efficient for shareholders. So there is real value creation in doing the split offer, shares versus selling the business outright. 
Jeff Bornstein: Yes, Julian. I think what we talked about was healthcare profit growth of high-single-digits, low-double-digits. I think given how we’ve started the year, particularly in the U.S. and particularly in HCS, our expectations as of now are that we’re going to grow operating profit in healthcare single-digit a share.
Jeff Bornstein: And within healthcare, I mean we still expect that we have expectations that growth markets will continue to grow for us, most of them double-digits, life sciences will have a great year, but the U.S. is going to be real headwind.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes. So I think the guidance we gave is a couple of hundred million for the year; we’re in very good shape through the first half. We still expect value gap to contract a bit in the second half as it relates to prices, we ship backlog particularly in power and water. But there is a chance, we could be a little bit better for the year on value gap but I wouldn’t expect it to be markedly different than what we have shared with you previously.
Jeff Bornstein: No, will continue accounting for it and continue our operations and we'll account for the public ownership, roughly 15% as minority interest.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes, Jeff, we’re not going to keep it a day longer than when we get approval to do the split. So it’s just really letting it season as all we’re trying to just allow for a little timeframe for that.
Jeff Bornstein: Why don’t I step in on that one John. Listen, there is nothing new to report here today, you're talking I think about turnkey projects that they have. We get public company due diligence, so there is a certain amount of detail that we have got the exposure to. And with that, we've accounted for that in our financial model, but there is always going to be things we find as we go through the process. But I say at this point, this is a business we know well, we factored that in and we have some synergies to offset as we go forward. So at this point, we just got, we think we got to come.
Jeff Bornstein: Well we generally expect the businesses within the framework I just shared with you in December to be within that framework and.
Jeff Bornstein: Yes Deane, I’ll give you a few pieces of it. So within power and water and wind, we had 400, 500 wind units that moved out of the quarter really just awaiting clarification from the treasury department on what constitutes start of construction to be eligible for PTC and these are projects that evolve bank financing and tax equity investors. So, very tough to move those projects along until we’re absolutely certain that they’re going to qualify for the PTC. We expect that clarification to come from the treasury in the next week or two. And we’ve seen that clarification and we think it’s helpful. So, that’s one example, that’s over a $1 billion of orders. And then in subsea, we have a couple of big projects. Of course that we’re hopeful that we’ll see here certainly in the second half as soon as possible would be great, that’s well over a $1 billion as well. 
Jeff Bornstein: I would just add Andrew, as long as we’ve got a project list it looks like year and half pay backs, those returns on investment are incredible and we will do every one of them.
