Steve Winoker: Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, and welcome to GE's second quarter 2019 earnings call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Larry Culp; and CFO, Jamie Miller. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that the press release, presentation, supplemental, and 10-Q are available on our investor website. We now file our 10-Q in concert with our earnings, a practice we began in October 2018. Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our website, those elements can change as the world changes. Please note third quarter earnings will be the morning of Wednesday, October 30. With that, I'll hand over the call to Larry.
Steve Winoker: In the interest of fitting as many people as possible into Q&A on a busy earnings day as I know, we’d ask that everyone limit themselves to one questions. With that, Brandon please open the line.
Steve Winoker: Brandon, we have time for just one more given we’re pass the top of the hour. So let’s take our last question please, one more.
Larry Culp: Jeff, I think what we would say with respect to Power is that we have seen the stabilization that we referenced right with respect to the order book, which has been encouraging the improvements on both expense and cash performance, but we're going to include that potential for the year-on-year number to be flat, but it's still a flat to down range, right? There's still a lot of variability here. To the extent that we are improving the range by $1 billion for the year, I think, it is appropriate to look at that and say that the bulk of that is coming out of the Power performance. There is some benefit from both the lower restructuring activity and the interest of course offset by MAX. But the reason we're maintaining that $2 billion range is because we're -- we still have work to do in Power, right? That's where we have the better part of the risk here. I'd say with respect to the other segments, clearly as we've indicated we're -- all eyes are on MAX, but broadly, we're really not offering up much by way of change in 2019 for the rest of the segments. With respect to 2020, it's probably too early to really comment on any change in trajectory. But what we've said earlier in the year back in March on balance holds.
Larry Culp: No. I think with respect to Healthcare for purposes of today Steve no change in the Healthcare outlook from earlier in the year.
Larry Culp: Yeah. Scott I think that, if Scott Strazik and his team were here, they would acknowledge fully that there's improvement potential throughout this business, right? And I just look at what I saw last week when we were in Atlanta for the operating review -- the July operating review. It was a stark contrast from a year ago. With respect to new units, it's a competitive space. We're in some challenging geographies. But just in terms of the way the team today is looking at what we call the strike zone in terms of the deals that we want to pursue versus those that we don't, right, we're laying in a global level of standard work. So we've got everybody looking at opportunities through the same lens. They were being sober about cost and contingencies. That's what sets up some of that project execution that you referred to a moment ago. And they're really driving in deeply to get to root cause, to understand where we've had some of these issues, be it around the selection of an EPC in and around the scope or the scheduling that we commit to the terms and conditions of course. And I just think that while there is a good bit still to work through, we're writing a better book of business for the future. Hard to put a basis points contribution over time on that, but I think that's serious because that in turn is what sets up the project execution itself, right? Once we've won, we've got to see things through. And I've been really encouraged by the project review board the team's put in. We're getting in early in the life cycle of these commitments. It's a cross-functional effort really looking at what can go wrong and how do we mitigate, but also what can we improve for the customer or for you the shareholder. It's been helpful in managing handoffs and just getting the better daily management on the ground around the world. Now we have a watch list of projects there, right? Probably -- I think it's about 35 in number of projects where we really have to be in the weeds on a daily basis to get after this. But I think that combination to me gives real encouragement that we can manage this business better with an eye toward margin expansion. Obviously, the real game though is in services and there's just similar opportunities there, right? We're not great in terms of our on-time delivery of parts and service. We're probably somewhere in the 75%, 80% range. Get to root cause, we can fix that. Just the way that we're managing the selling function opportunities there in terms of our responsiveness, the specificity around what we do when we get a bid opportunity from a customer. So I don't think we're ready to say this is worth 50 basis points, this is worth 200. But hopefully that gives you a little bit of a flavor of what we can do to manage the business in addition to the restructuring and the other cost-out efforts to drive margins and better cash over time.
Larry Culp: Nigel, at this point as I think we've all communicated we're at a lower level of production than we thought we would be at this point in the year for obvious reasons. And all we're really trying to signal with the $400 million of cash pressure here in the back half -- $400 million per quarter is -- what is likely to happen if we do not see a return to service. So we just tried to simplify that without getting into trying to get ahead of Boeing or the FAA or other regulators with respect to when the plane is going to return to service, and again really refraining from any commentary in terms of what could change in terms of our trajectory going into 2020. But clearly we're doing all we can to support Boeing and our carrier customers to facilitate a safe return to service for the MAX.
Larry Culp: Dean, I think as we went through the reviews here in July right looking back to the second quarter, looking ahead to the second half there wasn't a lot of finger pointing at short cycle pressure. We certainly saw bits of the business that didn't perform at the top line in the way that we would have liked. I think the Healthcare revenues were a little soft in the U.S. and in China. I think we touched briefly on the gas service business. But I think we really look at that more frankly as a function of our own execution as opposed to short cycle pressure that we can point to. I think we want to be vigilant but clearly going into the second half with the backlog and the visibility that we've referenced a few times here I think we felt good enough to tick up the revenue guide to that mid single digit range. With respect to China, as I mentioned I was there as part of a two-week trip to Asia. I would say that the embrace of GE is strong at the customer level. At the government level, GE is seen as a key partner. We signed as you may have seen; I think an important offshore wind commitment in Guangdong province while we were there. As you would expect we had some key meetings with our Gas Power partner Harbin. I do think having partners is going to be key going forward in China. And I'm glad we're partnered up with Harbin. But the trade tensions there are real. And you don't have to look past today's headlines to have that, I think is a watch item. And how that plays out for our book of business in China, how it plays out more broadly for all of us is a bit unclear. I think we've tried to take in some of that pressure into account in the back half here. But we flagged it just given it's a variable, good bit outside of our control.
Larry Culp: Well, I think the team is doing a better job, certainly, but again, it's very early right. Whether we're talking about the top line, the bottom-line the cash, I don't want to -- I don't want any of this to sound like we are claiming victory. I think Scott and the team are focused again on a high-quality book of business. The share numbers will be what they are. But I think over time what we want to do is, partner with the right customers, in and around the opportunities that allow us to create value for them. And in turn value for our shareholders over the life cycle of that commitment. Clearly, as you well know the gas business is different region by region. But I would just share briefly. Whether it was in Japan, whether it was in Singapore, obviously in China, on this last trip I visited, a site under construction in Malaysia, there's a lot of keen interest in adding gas capacity as they work through, not only their own underlying economic growth but the energy transition. So, we're bullish on that part of the world, with respect to the gas business. We need to be better in terms of the book of business. We need to be better at project execution back to Scott's question. And then, all of the details inherent in sustaining a good service business over the life cycle of those installations.
Larry Culp: Sure, sure. Well, I would say, you probably see it in a few areas, John. I think that clearly as we see the transition from coal and nuclear to other sources -- cleaner more efficient sources, gas is a beneficiary in that, right? So we're just again trying to make sure that we're plugged in country-by-country, customer-by-customer, where we can be part of that. You're right in certain places, gas will be used differently, and that will shape our product road map in terms of the types of upgrades that we offer as well as the new unit NPI journey over time. I'd also say that, with respect to storage and other opportunities that we might have, tucked away ever so discreetly on the Renewables page in the prepared remarks is a reference to hybrids, where what we've done is we've put our solar inverter in our battery storage efforts. And these are small they're nascent, but they really are our opportunities to play here in the renewables, because we see opportunities in and around the wind business, particularly to lever our technology installed base in a broader way. We don't talk a lot about that. We had a good session with the team last week looking at some of the second half investments that we're going to make there, and hopefully over time that will be more significant. But I would really say big picture making sure we've got a best-in-class gas business during the energy transition while continuing to invest largely in our onshore and offshore wind businesses is the way we are positioning ourselves for the energy transition.
Jamie Miller: Yes. So a couple of things. It was $300 million in the second quarter. In the second half, we do see that ramping to $400 million to the -- in each quarter while the plane is grounded. You know, remember LEAP volume is planned to ramp in the second half and that's really what that relates to is just simply that volume uptick in the second half. And then in terms of the overall outlook certainly we are monitoring that. It is embedded in the frame we talked about this morning though of the negative 1 to 1.
Jamie Miller: Yes, Julian, it's Jamie. When you look at Renewables in total with Grid included, I would just say -- repeat what I said in my prepared remarks, which is really that we expect our operating margin to be negative for the year. What we had said on legacy Renewables that it would be about breakeven in operating margin. And when you look at that there are certainly things we're monitoring there with respect to onshore wind deliveries, project execution and other elements that Larry and I both talked about on the call. And I think there could be a little bit of pressure to that zero for the full year but we see it hovering right around there.
Jamie Miller: And Scott just to add a little bit to that, in the second quarter, we had just over $100 million of charges related to margin erosion in projects. I think what we're really looking at is few surprises this year. In the second half, certainly, we're monitoring all the different areas, but the operational actions that Larry talked about are really giving us a much deeper level of visibility into the project economics and the timing of our cash and the various actions we have to take. And you probably remember last year in the second half we took significant charges at Power well over $1 billion. And when we look into the second half of this year that's how we'll really measure our own performance is not repeating those and certainly not repeating those to the same degree we had.
Jamie Miller: Yeah, John. The impact I talked about before is in our guide. And when the aircraft starts delivering again on -- when Boeing delivers the airframers, we will get paid for those engines. It's just a delay in cash timing.
Jamie Miller: And just on China tariffs the impact in the second quarter was $90 million net and really no change. I think we've said $400 million to $500 million of net impact for this year and that's about what we still see, mostly in Healthcare and Renewables.
Jamie Miller: Yeah. So, GE Capital's continuing net income for the first half was $46 million negative $89 million in the quarter. A lot of that is helped by timing of asset sales. In the second quarter we had EFS gains. The GECAS elements were also more first half loaded. When you look at the quarter in particular lower interest expense, the tax audit resolution those things helped us. And when you pull back and look at first half/second half. I think you're going to still be impacted by timing. So, we are first half loaded on gains. You'll see that come back a bit in second half. In the third quarter we do our loss recognition testing for insurance. In addition, we have our GECAS impairment testing. And the timing of this tax resolution in the second quarter we did not expect that in the second quarter. We really expected that in the second half. So, we still expect to be within that negative $500 million to negative $800 million, absent the LRT probably at the higher end of that. But on the LRT, we'll update you in the third quarter when that's complete.
Jamie Miller: So from a Wabtec perspective, there is a restriction that lasts into this fall. And on the Baker Hughes side, we are free to sell down at anytime those subscriptions that we have at this point. But we continue to expect an orderly process with both.
