Jamie Miller: Good morning, Julian. This is Jamie. Hey, I will take that one and then maybe John can get some color, sort of the broader Power market and what we see operationally. So first with respect to what we see in 2018, and maybe I’ll talk about this a little bit versus last year and a little bit versus the prior guide. As I mentioned earlier on the call, we see 2018 as probably flat to 2017 or flat to prior year. You see the market shifting that we see, so we saw 30 to 35 gigawatts really shifting to maybe less than 30 as we look at the year. So honestly as you look at, whether it is versus prior guide or versus 2017, this is really mostly a market story. Our prior guide had 60 to 70 gas turbine units. Our new guide would be 50 to 55. And on the aero side we had 30 to 40 before and now 20 to 30. And really the impact is just supply chain overhead, as you don’t have those units come through you just see more liquidation impact. The second piece on cash, Power cash I would tell you for the first quarter was below plan, but that is not unusual for us in that business. First quarter is seasonally low – a strong second-half unit shipment and unit profile order – profile for things. And then from a market perspective, as we talk about the market what you really see there is progress burn not being replaced as quickly by progress coming in from new orders. So, Power for this year continues to look like a real second-half profile story both with respect to the gas power business but really also with respect to how we see the trending in services.
Jamie Miller: Yes, so on Power, I talked about it being flat to 2017. When you think about the rest of 2018 for the other businesses, we see very solid outlook for Aviation and real strength there. Healthcare is also really looking very solid for 2018 and we see upside there as well. And then the other piece that’s coming through in a really strong way is cost out. And you saw that in the corporate numbers, but we are really seeing that across the board across the businesses in terms of just better cost productivity. Drilling in on aviation just a little bit, I mean obviously the market feels really good. Demand outpacing capacity, and you see that both in commercial and in military. On the operations side we had less LEAP than we expected, but I will tell you, our spares rate was very favorable in the business. And I think that mix story and the cost management story – we see that really continuing throughout the year. Just to touch on LEAP, because I am sure that will be a question at some point, we are about 70 units behind as we hit the end of the first quarter. But as we look to the year we have got a very deep line of sight. The team is really, really focused on it into supply chain and exactly what we need to do, what our suppliers need to do to really move LEAP execution. And right now we are tracking to be back on track by the end of third quarter and be in line for that 1,100 to 1,200 unit shipment story. So really I think on the Aviation side it feels very solid.
Jamie Miller: Yes, the goodwill piece of it was really FX. And so, there really weren’t any other changes. There were a few minor purchase price adjustments, but the goodwill shift was largely just the FX mark on the balance sheet. And in terms of the receivables from GE Capital, that’s really just net maturities of debt.
Jamie Miller: Yes, Scott, on the operational side, we are really making progress on that. We still have work to do there, but what I would tell you is that the numbers of issues we are seeing and the size of the issues we are seeing continues to go down. When you look at the real comparison to last year, or even the comparison to our previous guide, some of that is market like I talked about and some of that is a reduction in some of the operational issues we are seeing. But remember, we have got a really strong base cost out profile here. And the actions John talked about are really being layered in beginning in the second half of last year and really throughout this year. And we see that is really pulling through and offsetting some of that incremental noise that we expect. The other piece – and I mentioned this earlier but I will just say it again – that I think is important to think about is that Scott Strazik came in to really run the Power Services business. There have been a number of actions Scott and the team have taken both around how they are organized, how they are running the business between the contractual piece and the transactional piece. And then how they are putting in different changes around pricing, around sales incentive programs and other things that, honestly, that ramps as you go through the year too. And services and Power will tend to be I think a second half peak.
Jamie Miller: Yes, so Andy, maybe I will take the first piece of that and then throw it over to John for the portfolio piece. So on the dispositions – and John mentioned a number of these things early in the call, but Industrial Solutions, we see that closing in second quarter, $1.9 billion of cash. You probably saw the announcement a couple of weeks ago on Value-Based Care. That’s another $1 billion probably third-quarter close if not second quarter. And then as we really start to move down the list with Distributed Power, a couple of Aviation platforms and Transportation we are seeing strong interest across the board. Multiples will vary by the deals just because the industries are in different cycles, but we see line of sight to these planes landing as we start to get into the second half. The other piece, and I know people have asked this before, so maybe I will just throw it out, is we look at free cash flow going into 2019. If you assume all these close at the end of 2018, these represent about $1.2 billion of free cash flow ex-Industrial Solutions. That’s another data point on that one.
Jamie Miller: So first, we don’t give out 2019 guidance at this point. But I would say a couple of things. So, I mentioned before that these businesses that are in the disposition path represent about $1.2 billion of free cash flow for 2019, assuming they all sort of left at the end of the year and that’s ex-Industrial Solutions. As you get into 2019 there is a couple of other things to remember, most importantly that we’ve got a very heavy load of restructuring cash out this year that really drops as we go into 2019. And so, that offsets a lot, if not more, of the free cash flow exits that we have going. And then as we get into 2019 – as we get into later in the year we will lay out the earnings profile for the businesses. So hopefully that helps at least a little bit at the high-level.
John Flannery: And Julian, I would just add just a few sort of macro thoughts about how we are looking at Power right now, and kind of sequentially go through the market, our market share, our cost structure, what we are doing in the service business. I think, as you have all seen, the market and our market share is lumpy by quarter. But I think we do see enough trends, looking at our pipeline over 12 to 18 months, that we think this is going to trend softer than the 30 to 34 by a bit. And I think the factors are well known. Part of it is Renewables penetration. Part of it also is the pricing of renewables keeps moving and we see utility customers in a bit of a wait-and-see mode to see how that pricing evolves over the next year. And then with energy efficiency, on the consumer side of things we are seeing more people comfortable with maybe lower surplus reserves and being able to delay some of their CapEx decisions. So our market share, again, moves around by quarter, but we had about a 50% share last year and that ranged all over the place, about a 40 point swing in various quarters around a mean of 50%. We expect to be in that 45%, 50% basis on a rolling four quarters going forward. Our commercial teams I would say – we continue to be very disciplined on our approach to the risk and return of what we are seeing in the market. And that really leads you to a lower revenue outlook and obviously lower cost plan. So we have announced the 12,000 jobs out, $350 million cost out in the quarter. We’ll exceed the $1 billion target for 2018. And we are taking cost out at a much faster rate than the revenues are coming down but there’s still an overall pressure there. And then on service, we see a lot off chance and opportunity here to improve the service business. So our contractual business is relatively stable and more stable. Where we have really been hurt in the last 12 months has been in our transactional business. That’s about 40% of the business in services. And we have taken big leadership changes there and also put in some very specific plans around increasing our visibility and making sure we are close to customers, see outages. That is more than double right now. We have got very specific sales incentive plans around driving revenue in that space and margin in that space. And then a lot of changes we can make on our cash conversion, to your point. So new supply chain leaders managing cycle time, managing our payment terms, billing accuracy, et cetera. So – collecting past dues, we collected about $500 million of past dues in the first two weeks of April. So we think there is a lot of improvement we can make in the business, but it’s operating in a tough environment overall. And then the last thing I would say at a Company level is really looking at our energy portfolio in the aggregate. So obviously the gas turbine business has certain pressures based on what’s going on in the industry. Those same factors pop up in a different way in our Renewable business, in our grid and grid software business, in the opportunity for storage. I think at a Company level we look at a holistic mix of what we have there.
John Flannery: Steve, I would just add on the cost side of things, Jamie gave you a good sense as to how strong the outlook is for the business segments in Aviation and Healthcare. But on the cost side of things we just continue to see a lot of opportunity there. So you are starting to see that in our numbers. Russell and the team working it very hard in the Power business; Lorenzo and the team getting the synergies that we need in BHGE. And we still see big opportunities in really the overhead structures of the Company overall. And as I mentioned in earlier remarks about the operating system and really a philosophical sort of shift to pushing the management structures into the businesses, we think there is still more opportunity on cost as we go forward here.
John Flannery: Yes, let me pick up on that. And Steve, I would just say a few things for context. This idea in general is really something that I’ve been experiencing and thinking about frankly for years. If you look back in the last three roles that I really had in the Company going back to – going to India in 2009. I had a sense in that role of frankly how difficult it could be to try to get things done far away from the center of the Company, if you will, and how much concentration there was of decision-making in the center of the Company. Then went to the BD role and had a sense of how we are allocating capital around the Company and between the units. And then in the Healthcare business another perspective of running a business unit. So those three things really formed a thought in my mind that we needed to decentralize the basic management of the Company and push the responsibility out to the regions, out to the businesses. So I would say that’s just sort of background on the evolution of the thinking, if you will. And then the Crotonville exercise was quite interesting. We had half a dozen people come in, many of whom were ex-GE executives that had gone on to other companies. And we went through what are the things you kept, what made sense, what was helpful. So, that was added to the thinking that we already brought to the table and there clearly are companies that have done this well including Danaher. So, I wouldn’t size this number right now, but I would just say we think it could be meaningful on the cost front at the GE corporate level. We think it could be meaningful in the businesses as well. And then I think the main benefit of this overall over time though is better accountability and really pushing the onus of execution and that sense of ownership down into the business units.
John Flannery: Scott, I would add one of the thing. Jamie hit the nail on the head on the costs; we just continue to work that item and Russell and the team are working that very hard. I would just underscore the team is battling extremely hard. I am watching this day in, day out. This is the top priority of our team here. And I’d just say the Power team in a tough environment is digging in hard and really giving it every effort. We have made a lot of changes to the team, so not only in terms of the most senior leadership there but down a level – Jamie mentioned Scott. We have a new services CFO, Chuck Nugent, who as I mentioned came over to the Gas Power Systems CEO. The commercial leader has changed, supply chain leader has changed. So in many ways watching this, it reminds me of the first year I had in Healthcare where just – you changed the team, the team coalesces around the focus on cost and improving the business. And it takes time, obviously it took us time to get into this dynamic and it will take us some time to work out it. But I’d, again, applaud the team’s efforts on this.
John Flannery: We don’t give a very detailed focus of that business by numbers, but let me tell you a higher level. As we said, there’s really two key factors here. One is visibility into outages in the non-contracted installed base. And then second obviously is the ability to penetrate, capture and get the right margins in that business. We had an issue with visibility into the installed base. So when Scott got into that business last fall we were seeing that we had visibility around 40%. So we just were missing a significant amount of the opportunities there. And they have gone through an exhaustive method to catalog the installed base and make sure we have got good visibility there. That is trending up close to 90%. So step one obviously is to know better what is going on in the market. And then the rest is shoe leather and sales coverage and making sure the teams have good value propositions, understand what to say in front of the customers, the right incentives. And we have, as I said earlier, specific sales incentives around this area of business and particularly the margin rate in this area of the business. So this is a blocking and tackling exercise on visibility and sales execution and we think it will yield results – good results.
John Flannery: And then, Andrew, just go back to maybe the principles that we went through before. So first and foremost, strong franchises concentrating, as we said, in Power, Aviation and Healthcare. Step one is to make sure we are running those businesses the best way we can and get the best results out of those businesses. I think we are seeing progress on that result, so that we step into any thinking about the portfolio really on our front foot with the businesses performing well, I think that is where we are. But ultimately we have to think through and I have to think through what is the environment and conditions that will help these businesses flourish not just in 2018 but five years ahead, 10 years ahead, 20 years ahead. And in that regard basically we disclosed earlier and discussed earlier looking at all options. Ultimately it’s a question of what’s the right structure for resources, for organic and inorganic strategic flexibility, for the right level of management execution, for the right level of cost structure and things in the Company overall that we reference. And getting the right outcome for customers, for the employees and for the investors. So, there is no sacred cows. We are reviewing a number of structures. We are working through this right now in great detail with the Board, including our new Board members, we are being deeply thoughtful about this, purposeful about this. And we will give you an update in the next couple of months, as we said earlier. So, there’s a lot of work and engagement. The last thing I would say just, importantly, there are factors to consider. We see them as solvable and manageable, but I want to reiterate we are making no changes to the 2018 capital allocation framework, no change to our financial policies. We will honor all the commitments we have with employees and retirees and bondholders as we consider any options that we would look at.
John Flannery: One thing I would just add to that just to clarify, the $1.2 billion is the free cash flow of that grouping of assets. $5 billion to $10 billion is the cash – range of cash proceeds we see; the actual enterprise value and how those deals are structured would be quite higher than that. So you should not take one and divide by the other for multiple of them. Interest level on these assets is good and the multiples are attractive.
John Flannery: That’s right. Matt, I’d just like to finish and just say, again, thanks to the GE team. It was a great performance in the quarter by the team, great effort, great focus. And one of the joys of my job is being able to watch you perform around the world. I had a chance to do that in the first quarter. But a reminder to the team and also to everyone else, it’s a step forward in the 2018 plan, but we need to continue to execute, keep the focus there. And the only thing that matters at the end of the day really is delivering the full-year results for 2018 and that’s what we will be focused on. So thanks and we will see you at EPG. All right, thank you.
