H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Todd, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We have a lot to share with you, so let's get to it. During the third quarter, we saw positive results in most segments with outstanding performance in our Aviation (01:36-02:19) Now, I know there's been renewed speculation on our future strategic direction. The strategy we announced on June 26 to create a more focused portfolio that sets up our businesses to win and strengthening our balance sheet is today the right plan going forward. Consistent with this strategy, we are announcing two actions this morning. First, GE plans to reduce its quarterly dividend from $0.12 to $0.01 per share beginning with the board's next dividend declaration, which is expected to occur in December 2018. This change will allow GE to retain about $3.9 billion of cash per year compared to the prior payout level. Going forward, we will target a dividend payout ratio in line with peers over time. Second, we will take a materially different approach to running our Power business. The past 30 days, I've spent a lot of time with Russell Stokes and his team. It has become clear to us that we need to simplify the business structure. Therefore, today, we are announcing our intent to reorganize Power into two units, both of which will report directly to me. The first is a unified Gas lifecycle business combining our product and services group gas power systems and power services with the second constituting the portfolio of Steam, Grid, Nuclear, and Power Conversion. Additionally, we intend to consolidate the Power headquarters, Gas Power systems and Power Services teams into the new Gas lifecycle business, effectively eliminating the Power headquarters structure. We have much more to do to improve our performance in Power and we intend to move quickly to enhance our execution agility and improve our cost structure. These actions are a start in bolstering GE for the road ahead. In the last month, I have visited many of our primary business locations. Getting to know this company better from the inside has only strengthened my conviction that GE has considerable strengths. The talent here is real. The technology is special. And the global reach of the GE brand and our relationships are truly impressive. But GE needs to change. Our team knows this. In my old job, we acquired dozens of good but often underperforming businesses. And we always came prepared to convince the acquired teams that they and we needed to drive change. That is not the case here. Our GE team needs no convincing. They really want direction to know how to change. And while I don't have all the answers after one month, I do have a few early impressions. We could use a lot more out and a good bit less up around here, meaning we need to focus more on customers and competition and, frankly, less on corporate. We're going to strike a better balance between managing and reporting so that we ensure we're properly focused on the daily operating rhythms, which drive our actual financial results well ahead of our reporting cycles. Strong daily management makes reporting a lot easier. First things first And we need to accelerate our progress on cash generation. Changes to our compensation system and internal reporting this year were a good start, but we need to operationalize real improvements on cash through business processes in every business, every day. And with that, let me turn it to Jamie for a more detailed discussion of the quarter.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Jamie, thanks. Right now, I'm spending most of my time with the Power business with real help from Jamie and our Vice Chair, David Joyce. We need to establish a realistic outlook there, particularly for the Gas business, and drive improvements from there. The moves we've announced today, in addition to the daily, weekly and monthly operating disciplines we are instilling, will drive transparency and accountability on the path to improved operating performance. When we have our arms around this, we will provide you with our outlook in 2019. As I mentioned earlier, we also intend to maintain a disciplined financial policy and are committed to strengthening and delevering the balance sheet over the next few years. In summary, GE has and will continue to have a strong commitment to all its stakeholders. We are making GE a stronger company operationally and financially. I'm truly excited to lead this storied company into its next chapter. I've spent my career improving strong franchise businesses and taking them from good to great. We know what to do. Now is the time to execute. Before we go to Q&A, I want to acknowledge the pent-up demand for information that you have on a range of topics, but I've been in this job for all of 30 days. I will share with you what I know and can today, but please know that I'll be back to you with more definitive plans and views in the months ahead. In closing, I also want to thank John Flannery for his 30 years of exceptional service to this company. John also made a number of important contributions as CEO. I have the utmost respect for John and wish him nothing but the best going forward. With that, Todd, back to you.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Jeff, let me take that, and then Jamie probably has some perspectives as well. I think we're mindful of the morphing environment, but perhaps more mindful of our leverage situation today. So, coming in as a Director earlier in the year, that was clear. All the more true today as Chairman and CEO. I think what we've tried to do throughout the course of the year is move as briskly but smartly as we possibly can. The dividend move today, to me, fundamentally straightforward, given our desire to preserve that cash to help delever the business. We have a lot of options. We laid these out, I think, in some detail back in June. Certainly, the strategy that we talked about relative to derisking and focusing the portfolio is very much intact today. How we move through those various options, the timing, the pace, the sequencing, something very much on the table to make sure that we tend to the balance sheet as quickly as we can. We don't want to be rushed. We don't want to be rash, but we need to get after this straightaway and I hope today's move on the dividend is evidence of that intent in action.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Steve, there are a number of questions there. Let me try to take them in order. Let me state in a straightforward fashion, we have no plans for an equity raise. I think with respect to the service business within Power, this is a good opportunity for us to frankly manage this franchise better than we have. I've been encouraged by what I've seen at the operational level. Clearly there are a lot of issues from the past that the team is dealing with but the opportunity here to work closely with our customers around this installed base and do so in a way that's a win-win for them and for us I think it's clear. I'm excited about this. Now it's not a business in the state that it should be in, or could be in, will be in, but I think a good bit of the time we've spent with Russell and Scott and the team has been very much geared toward putting those improvements in motion. I think as we exit this year, go into next year, at the operational level look for continued progress there.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Any time you want to join us, let me know but I'm excited to be here. This is an outstanding company right. The people here I think are strong. The technology again is impressive and in 30 days I've begun to appreciate all the more the reach and the impact this company has around the world. We can do better than where we are today, but this is an important company and I'm pleased to be on the team.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Well, Scott, it's hard to say that we don't need dramatic or drastic change in a business that is performing the way that Power is, right? I mean, in some respects, it's that simple. So, in my mind, beyond compliance and quality, everything is on the table at Power and I think Russell and the team would echo that if they were the call. There's no question that in my prior life I was really on the periphery of both the Power space and aerospace as well. Certainly, in the heart of Healthcare, but I'm of the view that there's a lot that I've done previously that's relevant as I join this team. I've driven a lot of change. Every time we brought a new company in, we were driving a lot of change. That was effectively the value proposition for our investors and I think over time we were able to do that. That change really comes as a function of revisiting assumptions, clarifying strategy, putting the right team together, driving operations day in, day out and clearly deploying capital in and around that business as appropriate. But in a more fundamental level, Scott, it's really about expectations, right? It's about making sure that problems are surfaced and solved and managing in a substantive not superficial way. I think all that's relevant. But to be clear, this isn't about me. This is about the 300,000 people on the payroll, myself included, that want and are committed to having GE in a better place and performing better, both for our customers and for shareholders.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Andrew, Larry here. I hope that you and others will appreciate that when we talk about numbers on a forward-looking basis, we want to do so with conviction and confidence. I don't want to fool you, let alone myself, in thinking 30 days in that I can give you that today. So, with respect to the quarter and certainly the outlook for next year, there'll be a time and place for that. But make no mistake, we know that the Power business has to perform better and that is what we're going to spend a ton of time on once we get past earnings today.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Nicole, I think what we've done today is really share both internally and publicly the organizational architecture, if you will, that we have in mind. There are a number of details that Russell, the team and I will be working through in the days and weeks to come. And as those details become more clear, we'll share those first internally, and then we will share them with you and others publicly. So give us a little bit of time to work through that. I think in the interim we want to leave that open. But I would just underscore that while there is an opportunity to improve our cost structure, dare I say it, imperative given our current performance, a good bit of what we are talking about here is also geared toward running the businesses better. I think by consolidating the headquarters and really putting that support around the Gas business, we'll all have a better line of sight on the action day-to-day in that business and be able to make decisions I think more crisply with more transparency and more accountability. Having the rest of that Power portfolio coming in directly as well through a different path will give us an opportunity to see those P&Ls clearly without any noise and work business by business to drive improvements there. And I think that's a better way for us to operate. We can come together and do things together that make sense, but we're going to make sure that we're maximizing and optimizing those individual businesses first.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Sure. Sure. Nigel, I would say with respect to the strategy, again, what we're reinforcing today is the strategic framework that we highlighted in June with respect to derisking and delevering the balance sheet and really setting the businesses up to win and, in some cases, businesses in an independent form. You mentioned Healthcare. We talked about that back in the summertime. Today, I don't think we really have much to say relative to Baker Hughes. They've got their earnings call here shortly. I think what we can say is that our intent, as expressed in June, holds and that you should expect us, in an orderly fashion over several years, to implement that objective. I think with respect to Healthcare, we're still of the view that Healthcare operating in an independent form is probably what is best for that business and that team. Might the timing and sequencing there change relative to some other things that we're working on, too early to tell, but it's certainly something that Kieran [Murphy] and I have been talking about.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Sure. Well, let me take those in order. The biggest misperceptions, Deane, there are a lot of people around GE that know the company far better than I do, right. In this role for 30 days, on the board for less than a year, I won't claim any special expertise but, again, I think as you get into the business, I have been truly impressed with the talented people I've met really around the world. This team's been through a lot the last several years. The company perhaps doesn't enjoy the reputation in certain quarters that it once did. But people here are committed to embracing that reality and changing it. And I take a lot of comfort and strength from that. Frankly, I'm not sure when my board colleagues came to me, that I would've stepped into this role hadn't I been out on the road over the course of the summer. Visiting our business and our team in China, getting the opportunity to walk a couple of plants in Power, getting out with David Joyce and the Aviation team and really seeing the strengths of GE that go a bit perhaps underappreciated today. And I don't want that to sound like I'm sugar-coating our reality. This is not a quarter that we're particularly proud of, but, that said, Aviation knocked the cover off the ball and Healthcare wasn't too far behind, Transportation in a good place. We really like what we're going to do strategically there with the merger. So there are good things going on here. That doesn't necessarily take away from today's headlines, but there are things we can do to build on, this team, these assets, these strengths and that's what we're going to do. With respect to the team, Deane, you and I both know, we share a passion for the local ballclub here. Alex Cora just won a World Series, as best I can tell, largely with the team that was on the field a year ago that didn't do so well. So I am listening to a lot of people here in these first weeks. That will continue, listening, learning. But again, I feel good about the group that we have here and we're committed to building a stronger General Electric.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: Yes. Steve, I would say with respect to my discovery work here and beginning to kick things into gear, it's early, but where I'm focused primarily is what we can change going forward in terms of the trajectory and the underlying performance. I think part of what we need to do at Power is wring out a little bit of the undue optimism that I think we referenced in our prepared remarks so that we can establish a baseline that we can build on, a baseline, frankly, for our own internal processes, let alone when we're talking about the business on the outside. In that regard, again, it's early, but I have conviction that there are things to build upon, there are improvements that are well within our reach and we just need to do that. And that's – again, it's not going to happen overnight. It's going to take some time, but I'm hopeful that we can build that credibility, deliver that performance over time.
H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.: And Steve, just to be clear, I think we're well aware that Aviation really was the standout force in the third quarter of this year. My comments about the strength of the Healthcare business were not rooted into the last 90 days but really looking at that business on a prospective basis. I think it's an outstanding business there, well positioned in a number of attractive submarkets, and we intend to grow that going forward.
Jamie S. Miller: Yeah, and the only other thing I would add, Jeff, you mentioned lawsuits. There really is no consideration around that in terms of something that would be a constraint to that plan.
Jamie S. Miller: Yeah. So, let me take the first discussion on that one. So, as you noted, we're not offering updated guidance right now. But as we look at the businesses, we see real strength in Healthcare and in Aviation. And in Power, we just are seeing continued impacts from the lower market penetration I talked about. Deal closure delays and uncertainties and just other operational and project execution issues, and we do see those continuing into 2019. But as we pull back, fourth quarter, as you referenced, has always been a significant volume quarter for GE and we expect this fourth quarter to be the same. Again, with strong volume in units at Aviation, Healthcare, Renewables and at Power, and Power is also back-end loaded historically, which is another reason that as we really look at Power and the visibility we have there, both with respect to the market and the operations, we're positioning our views on that right now the way we are
Jamie S. Miller: Sure. So with respect to the first piece, at this point we see at least $3 billion of capital contributions into GE Capital, as I mentioned. We continue to shrink GE Capital, and we still are on our plan for $25 billion of asset reductions. To date we've seen asset reductions via sale of about $7 billion. You saw $11 billion down on the balance sheet. A lot of that is just seasonal timing and some other shifting. And we do expect to see another big tranche be sold in the fourth quarter, so well on track there. And then with respect to the other elements we're monitoring, it's a little bit of a moving target. We monitor tax reform. We've got some interpretations we expect to either be cleared up or sent out in the fourth quarter. That could cause some tax adjustments in the fourth quarter for GE Capital. WMC is something we continue to monitor, and then our annual fourth quarter insurance evaluation as well. With respect to that, we just reset that last year, as you mentioned. And interest rates are up more than planned, which is helpful, but it's a process we go through. And it's something we're monitoring. And I'd say when I look out in 2019, 2020 and beyond, GE Capital's resources are just more limited as it shrinks, so GE may need to support GE Capital further if necessary. And when we think about either achieving desired capital levels, derisking debt maturities, those are the kinds of things we're thinking about. But right now as we look at 2019, we see the three things I mentioned as the monitoring point.
Jamie S. Miller: Yeah, and I'll jump in here on Power, you asked about the negative Op profit in the quarter and some of the different charges. So I talked through earlier the goodwill and the Power Conversion intangibles. Focusing on Power operations, in the quarter, we had $240 million of charges on the blade issue with respect to warranty and maintenance reserves. We saw about $400 million of project reserves and other execution issues and about $150 million of just some other execution issues. We saw lower volume in the quarter and if you really put that back together, Power probably came in about as expected operationally, with the exception of these charges that are incrementally flowing through.
Jamie S. Miller: Yes. Andrew, on GECAS, I would say with respect to asset values there, we're not seeing anything unusual come through. We can work with you through more offline to give you more specifics if there are specific questions on that. And then with respect to the discussion about an equity raise, I'm not sure I have anything more to add to what Larry said before.
Jamie S. Miller: Hey, Steve. And just a quick comment on Healthcare, as you asked about. Healthcare revenues were up 3% on an organic basis. We saw segment profit up 10%, a consistent basis. And when you really peel back the layers, we're seeing very consistent growth across the different regions, as well as in the product line. U.S. was down a bit this quarter. We expected to have tough comps again in the fourth quarter, but largely driven to big orders we had last year from the VA in the U.S. China strength continues. And what the business is really doing well is getting a really nice mix of growth in the market coupled with strong cost control and a real steady focus on how they're investing in R&D, so nice profile
Jamie S. Miller: Yeah. I'll give a little bit of context on the quarter, the year and just a macro level. In the quarter, we just continue to see real underlying strength in the business. Global passenger travel up 6.8% year-to-date, passenger load factors at all-time high, which just means our engines are just flying more, which means we bill more hours under services contracts, we consume more parts as they go in for maintenance. We are seeing negative mix as the LEAP volume ramps. This has been partially offset by nice improvement in LEAP product cost and at services, like I mentioned, just a very strong spares rate and just strong spare part consumption on our T&M contracts. Peeling back and looking forward, we do see CFM coming down, but it's more than offset by military being stronger, the LEAP cost curve really coming down over the next few years and the services strength continuing. We expect to see continued healthy growth there, particularly as CFM continues to work its way through the services cycle. So backlog, strong revenue growth, air miles, strong services growth, and LEAP coming down the cost curve is probably the way to think about it.
Jamie S. Miller: So with respect to the first question on the net debt to EBITDA, we intend to reach net debt to EBITDA of 2.5 times. We plan to achieve that over time with substantial progress through 2020. That's really how we're thinking about that right now. With respect to the – and I assume you're talking about the insurance accounting standard – that is something that, as I said, we expect will have a material impact on the financial statements. Not effective until 2021. It requires more granularity around loss testing. It changes the discount rate assumptions. And we'll evaluate that over the next couple of years, but it does not impact the statutory reserve accounting. And that is really what drives the capital funding requirements for insurance.
Jamie S. Miller: Yes. We've said before that the free cash flow of the businesses that we're selling is a little over $1 billion, about $1.2 billion in free cash flow. So that's some sizing there. And with respect to excess debt, pay-downs in 2018 will be $7 billion; 2019, we expect that to be about $9 billion and then we've got long-term debt maturities in 2020 in GE Capital of $16 billion and it's really a question there of issuances that might offset that. So that might give you a little bit of sizing there.
Jamie S. Miller: GECAS is a really strong business. Over the years, it's, I think, demonstrated its strength in terms of its risk and its underwriting and how it performs with low loss ratios over time. We think it's really advantaged because of its knowledge of the underlying assets. And due to that, we receive inbounds on this business all the time. We think it's a valuable franchise. We have not made any decisions or have plans right now to do anything with GECAS, but certainly that's something, as we think about the timing and pace of execution on our overall plan, that is something we could think about.
Jamie S. Miller: We've got our $20 billion disposition plan in motion. We've executed a number of those already this year. Distributed Power, as I mentioned, is on track to be sold in the fourth quarter. Transportation's on track for the first quarter. We do have a few Aviation businesses and Current and Lighting that we're still well underway in those processes. So those will likely come through as well. Beyond that, I think it really gets back to Larry's comments on Baker Hughes and Healthcare and a planned, orderly separation over time with Baker Hughes and over time, a separation of Healthcare as well.
