Jeff Immelt: Thanks, Matt, and good morning everyone. The GE team had a good quarter and a slow growth in volatile environment. Organic performance was strong, and industrial revenue growth was up 4%, profit was up 9%, year-to-date industrial CFOA is up 23%, and industrial segment margins were up 100 basis points. Let me make a few comments on we’re seeing our markets more broadly. The U.S. is still okay and Europe is appreciably better. Meanwhile, growth markets are facing some headwinds in resource pricing and currency. Nonetheless, we’re positioned to win some big fourth quarter deals in these markets in locomotives and power, aviation, and power conversion, which should support our growth objectives; and service provides a great buffer in times of uncertainty. We made substantial progress on GE’s portfolio transformation in the quarter. Alstom has been approved by the European Commission and we expect this to close soon. The Fed has approved the Synchrony separation, and we expect to commence the share exchange next week. The net effect of this should be to return about $20 billion to investors in the form of share reduction. Our GE Capital portfolio sales are ahead of plan; and with the Wells announcement, we now expect 2015 signings of $140 billion to $150 billion. And we believe this will facilitate an incremental dividend from GE Capital of $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter or $3 billion for the year. So if you look at our execution, we’re tracking to meet or beat all of our critical goals. We’re reconfirming our earnings outlook that we gave in the second quarter, when we boosted the low end of our range. And our CFOA and cash return to investors will be at the high-end of our framework. So Keith and I will now take you through a deeper dive on the portfolio moves. For Alstom, all the major regulators have now approved GE’s purchase of Alstom with remedies. We’re comfortable with the outcome as the economic and strategic impact of the deal remains intact. We will divest to Ansaldo the GT26 new units, and the GT36 technology, and 34 of 720 service contracts in the installed base. We will retain the ability to do service for competitive units through PSM. Financially, we still expect to achieve $3 billion of synergies with $0.05 to $0.08 of earnings accretion in 2016 and $0.15 to $0.20 by 2018. Alstom grows GE’s installed base by 50%. In addition, they will substantially improve our position in renewables and grid. Alstom will achieve a strong return for investors and we will give you more operating details on Alstom at a special meeting we plan to hold in late November. Now over to Keith to give you an update on the GE Capital portfolio moves.
Jeff Immelt: Thanks, Keith. And now I’ll briefly go through GE’s industrial operations. Year-to-date orders are down 4% organically. We faced some tough comps in orders compared to third quarter 2014, when total orders grew by 22%, and equipment orders grew by 31%. Organically, developed markets are up 18% year-to-date with growth markets down 7% excluding a large one-time GE9X order. Our year-to-date orders in China are up 1%. Service grew by 6% organically, and our progress was broad-based. PowerGen services grew by 10%, aviation spares grew by 28%, and healthcare was up by 4% organically. Power and water, energy management, and healthcare orders were up 9% organically. However, aviation and transportation has significant one-time orders placed in the third quarter of 2014 with GE9X and Tier 4. These two products alone had $6 billion of orders in the third quarter of 2014. Oil and gas orders reflect the impact of industry dynamics. Our organic orders decline was 32% and is not unexpected. We continue to compete well in the market and have not seen cancellations. Importantly, there are substantial equipment orders where we’ve been selected technically, but they have been delayed. So we’re confident in our market position. Across the company, we have a strong funnel of orders for the fourth quarter and we expect our orders performance to improve. On execution, the GE team executed very well in the quarter. Organic revenue growth was up 4% with six of seven segments up. Our relative position both in product and geographic diversity has never been stronger. Globally, revenue in the U.S. was up 5%, and Europe organic growth was up substantially, while growth markets declined by 7%. Year-to-date revenue was positive in ASEAN, China, Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and Middle East and North Africa. Meanwhile, reasons like Russia, Canada, and Australia have been hard hit by natural resource dynamics. Services were up 8% organically. Growth for software and analytics was up 16%, gaining momentum from our digital investments. At minds and machines, we launched Predix, and now have more than 20,000 developers. We’re expanding partnerships with important customers like Boeing, Exelon, and BP. Service growth was broad-based with power up 9%, aviation up 17%, transportation up 10%, and healthcare up 3% organically. We’re winning with new products. The H-Turbine has 67 technical selections with 21 in backlog. Power conversion revenue grew by 15% behind multiple new product launches. Our aviation engines are achieving market leadership by meeting customer commitments with superior execution. We now have 10,000 LEAP engines in backlog. Life sciences had 8% organic growth in the quarter. And we have two important wins for bioprocess manufacturing in China. We launched Current as a way to capitalize on 72% LED growth and the opportunity to build a strong presence in the C&I energy efficiency space. Margins continue to be a great GE story. Segment op margins grew 100 basis points with growth in gross margins of 80 basis points and we’ve expanded our value gap by $300 million year-to-date and expect this to continue. Our product margins are expanding, and the analytics continue to drive productivity and services. Restructuring is delivering substantial benefits and, in all, we think our margins can continue to grow. This is our tenth straight quarter of margin expansion, so we have real momentum. I would like to highlight the work of our oil and gas team as a good example of our execution. In a tough environment with organic revenue declining by 7%, they grew margins by 100 basis points organically and held earnings. This will position them well in a volatile industry. Now cash is also a good story for the year. Industrial CFOA is up 23% year-to-date. Industrial free cash flow is up 53%, and as is typical we expect a strong fourth quarter where we expect a $2 billion reduction in working capital similar to last year. The great portfolio execution mentioned by Keith will allow for upside in our cash performance. Based on accelerated progress in capital asset sales, we should be able to dividend an additional $2.5 billion to the parent in the fourth quarter, and this would be $3 billion for the year. This will put the company at the high end of our CFOA range. In an effective Synchrony execution should return about $20 billion to investors through a share exchange. And this will put us about $30 billion of cash returned to investors for the year through dividend and buyback. We still expect appliances to close in the quarter. This is not a complicated transaction. Appliances is a highly competitive industry with at least seven manufacturers and 21 brands. Electrolux wants to close and is working hard to do so. So the GE balance sheet is very strong and we will finish the year with substantial liquidity. And now over to Jeff to go through operations.
Jeff Immelt: Thanks, Jeff. Just to conclude, we have a few updates on the operating framework. We’ve kept the Industrial EPS expectations of $1.13 to $1.20. If Appliances close, we will be closer to the high end of this range; and our execution on our organic growth, margins, and corporate costs remain strong. We expect the GE Capital Verticals to be at least $0.50, with more strength in GECAS. Capital asset sales should be at least $100 billion, with more coming in the first quarter. CFOA should be about $16 billion. And free cash flows plus divestitures would be about $15 billion assuming that Appliances closes.  And we expect to return $30 billion to investors, about, reflecting the impact of Synchrony. GE is executing on its investor commitments and is on track for its 2015 goals. Our portfolio transformation is happening at an unprecedented pace. We have a focused infrastructure business with leading positions in our markets, and we’re positioned to grow faster than our competitors, with a strong dividend. We’re growing operating and gross profit margins and making Corporate smaller. We have nearly a $200 billion backlog of services that positions the Company well for any cycle, and we’re transforming GE into the world’s premier digital industrial company, in a unique position to drive outcomes for customers and grow margins.  I’d like to take a moment to acknowledge the work of the GE team. Last quarter we completed our largest Industrial acquisition, completely repositioned GE Capital, and launched one of the largest-ever IPOs. At the same time, we’re winning in the market and delivering strong financial results. I’m very proud of their work.  Now, Matt, back to you for questions.
Jeff Immelt: So, you know, Scott, what I would say, kind of going around the world, is U.S. gets a little bit better every day. Europe is appreciably better. Meanwhile, growth markets are highly differentiated in terms of their performance and have some headwinds as it pertains to oil prices and things like that. On balance, Scott, we see as much activity as we’ve ever seen. The quoting activity, the deal activity, things like that, is still quite robust. Business for us in China is still pretty good, which is a big market. And so we still see a fair amount of opportunities out there, even amongst the volatility. So, I really believe that we can still accomplish our long-term goals in the world we see today. And then I would just remind you that we’ve got $200 billion backlog of services; it’s 70% or 80% of our earnings. It’s growing organically 8%. So we’ve got a pretty robust underpinning of the total Company as we go forward. But the quote activity is as robust today as it was six months ago or a year ago. 
Jeff Immelt: So I would say, Scott, I would say again – great team. The compensation plan clearly helps. I think we made the investments three or four or five years ago that are helping us today in product lines and globalization and things like that. I mean, we don’t – we have as robust of an NPI pipeline as we’ve ever had, and we’re not dependent on any one country. We’ve got a very diversified country mix. That’s some of the stuff that John Rice had done. The last thing I would say, Scott, is look, there’s no way to describe what it feels like to run GE where the team knows exactly what it has to do over the next three years.  I mean our plan – we can’t guarantee exactly what the macro environment’s going to be. But between the GE Capital actions, buying back stock, organic growth, integrating Alstom, you’ve got a leadership team that knows precisely what we need to do for investors over the next three years. And that is a place we haven’t been in certainly since the financial crisis. That I think just helps everybody. It helps people who own the stock, and it gives the leadership team, I think, extra momentum as we go forward.
Jeff Immelt: So, you know, Deane, I would say in that it’s a market that is so visible and volatile, I think I’d start by reflecting a little bit on what we’ve done this year. The team I think in a very tough environment has gotten after the costs, has executed in the market, has driven services. So I think you’d say, if you reflect back on where we were in the fourth quarter last year and then where we sit today, I think our Oil & Gas team has done a fantastic job as it pertains to this year. And then I think if we look forward and just – we don’t assume that the market gets appreciably better. We would say that revenue might be down 10% to 15% next year and that operating profit might be down 10% to 15% next year, and that we hold margins in a tougher environment. And that’s – I think that’s the kind of feel that we have. And again, we still want to go through and do all of our normal fourth quarter planning on the company, but I just think it’s important to investors to have some visibility in terms of how we think about Oil & Gas and triangulating backlog and things like that.
Jeff Immelt: Look, guys, we still like this industry. I would go back, Deane and – look, we never, as we built our portfolio in Oil & Gas, we never thought about it reflecting $120 for oil or anything else. Our investment is really made along the lines of – we felt like the industry was going to be growing in technical intensity, customer solutions, that over time the Oil & Gas business would look a lot like our Aviation business or our Power business or things like that, and that’s what led to the investments. So we’re a long-term player in Oil & Gas. We like the industry. We’re committed to the industry. I think as we look at opportunities and where we are today, anything would have to hurdle above buying back our own shares. And so we’ll be opportunistic, we’ll be disciplined, and we have an alternative that we think is still quite attractive for us of buying back our own shares.
Jeff Immelt: I think, Deane, the base assumption is still that we close this deal. I think Jeff’s given you – I think it’s always good to scenario-plan; but the base assumption still is that we finish. I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t. But to your point, it’s not completely under our control.
Jeff Immelt: Well, what I would say, certainly the pieces you’re putting together, Steve, kind of hang together, right? I would say Oil & Gas is going to be down next year; that’s got to be the working assumption. I think the focus Jeff and I are going to have is to try to offset that with lower Corporate as we think about next year; so we want to run Corporate lower. And then I would say, look, we’re going to give you guys a full estimate on all the other pieces of our Industrial outlook in December. But, look, we’ve got strong services, strong services growth, big backlogs. And we’re going to win some nice orders in the fourth quarter and I just – I feel like we’re going to look pretty good next year in the world we see today. So, Jeff, do you want to add…
Jeff Immelt: So I would say, first, just to echo part of your question, I think the developed world is better, so U.S. and Europe are getting better. The emerging markets are mixed for Healthcare, but more headwind than tailwind. What Jeff said in terms of really trying to convert our Healthcare IT business, and get it on Predix, and spend a little bit of incremental R&D on that side of the business, I think it’s something that we wanted to do this year to give us some momentum going into next year. And then I think the business has a whole series of variable-cost productivity and product cost-out programs that are going this year that have yet to bear fruit that I would expect to roll into next year. So I think – look I think the markets are challenging. We did some one-time investment this year, and it’s our expectation that the team can execute better going into – the rest of 2015 and going into 2016.
Jeff Immelt: Industrial balance sheet pretty consistent with what we’ve said in the past and things like that, Joe.
Jeff Immelt: So, Rob, again, I come back and just – U.S. a little bit better everyday. Europe stable to up; and then emerging markets volatile. Right? So I think that’s – revenue passenger miles on aviation still positive. Demand, I would say if you are in the gas and wind business and power, more positive than negative, right? Oil and gas tough for sure. U.S. market in healthcare growing better, slower in emerging markets. In other words, the first thing I would say is, the picture is a slow growth and volatility picture. And I think there is still pockets of growth out there pretty universally. And then I would say, look, the fact that we’re big installed base, recurring revenue model, margin efficient, capital efficient, I think that’s a positive for GE in this cycle. And then our value gap continues to run positive, right. So the ability of us to kind of source well on the marketplace is a tailwind, not a headwind.
Jeff Immelt: So Matt, again I think a great execution quarter for the team. I just want to particularly congratulate all our GE Capital folks for great execution on the plan we laid out on April 10. And really we’re thrilled about Synchrony, the value, the company. We think this is going to be – the Synchrony transaction, is going to be a great transaction for GE investors and for Synchrony investors. So thanks, Matt. Everybody have a good day.
Keith Sherin: Thanks Jeff and good morning everyone. As Jeff mentioned, we have received formal approval from the Federal Reserve to move forward with the split off of Synchrony Financial as a standalone company. This is the final step in a project which we started two years ago and is a key component in the transformation of GE Capital. We can’t talk about the specific financial terms of this exchange until we launch. However to provide some context on the left side of the page, we show the timeline and mechanics for the exchange. We plan to launch the split exchange next week subject to market conditions. The offer period remains open for 20 business days from the time of launch. And at launch, we’re going to set the offer terms for the exchange, meaning the split discount that holders will receive on Synchrony stock when they exchange their GE shares plus the exchange cap ratio, which is the maximum discount between GE and Synchrony shares set at the time of the launch. The pricing for the split exchange will happen on days 16 to 18, and the offer closes on day 20, which would occur the week of November 16. Based on precedents from other exchanges that have taken place and the current stock prices of GE and Synchrony, we anticipate to receive proceeds of between $18 billion and $21 billion, which translate to a buyback of 650 million to 750 million shares in GE. The range in outcomes is determined by the split discount, the exchange ratio, and the movement of GE and Synchrony shares prior to and during the exchange up to pricing. We anticipate that we’ll record a gain in GE Capital in discontinued operations and that gain, the size of which is dependent on the final split discount will be embedded in the proceeds for the buyback, so we’ll not have any impact on GECC Capital ratios. I really like to thank Margaret Keane and her team for the terrific work they’ve done to position Synchrony for this separation. In the next 30.days, we plan to retire 6% to 7% of GE shares. Next, I’ll give you an update on our progress executing the plan that we announced on April 10th. On the top left of this chart is an update on the portfolio sales. We are ahead of plan. And in the first six months since the announcement, we’ve signed deals on $126 billion worth of ENI. Since 2Q, we’ve signed $58 billion worth of transactions, the largest being the $30 billion sale of our distribution finance, vendor finance, and direct lending businesses to Wells Fargo, which we announced earlier this week. We gave previous guidance that we would sign $120 billion to $150 billion of deals by year-end, and we’re now raising the low end of that range to $140 billion given the progress we’ve made. We have closed $60 billion of sales to date, and we’re on track to close $100 billion by year-end. On the bottom left, you can see our current view versus the goals that we established back on April 10. We’re ahead of plan on asset sales and we expect to largely be done with our exits by year-end 2016 instead of 2017. Overall, we’re on track to deliver the $35 billion of capital back to the parent. You can see on the top right that our pricing to date on the $126 billion is slightly ahead of plan at 1.4 times price to tangible book. And the deal that we announced with Wells earlier this week was also at approximately 1.4 times price to tangible book. As a result of the accelerated sales, we are giving up some of the future income from the total plan. But overall, with our asset and liability management actions, including the debt exchange that we completed, our current estimate of capital to be returned is still $35 billion. In terms of timing of dividends, as we close sales transactions in the fourth quarter, we expect our Tier 1 common ratio to exceed 14%, and we plan to pay a dividend of approximately $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter subject to our governance process. That would result in $3 billion for 2015, which is $2 billion higher than the original plan. In addition, we’re on track for $18 billion of dividends that we previously said would come in 2016. Our goal is to apply for SIFI de-designation, which based on our view of transaction closings, our target is to file in the first quarter of 2016. If you combine the Synchrony split with the 2015 transaction closings, we expect to end 2015 with around $175 billion of ENI around $200 billion lower than year end 2014. I really like to thank the GE Capital employees who have accomplished a lot in the last six months, and the team is focused on substantially completing the business exits by the end of 2016. Let me turn it back to Jeff.
Keith Sherin: Shannon, this is Keith. I’d say that’s sort of the framework that we’ve agreed to with the regulatory oversight that we have, so I don’t see us changing that until we ultimately aren’t under that same framework. Right now, as you know, we ended the third quarter at 13.7%. I think with the asset sales in the fourth quarter will go up about 14%. We expect to dividend $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, based on those asset sales and our governance process. And then we’re on track for what we said we do in 2016. But I wouldn’t – I don’t see that threshold really changing until you have a different regulatory environment. That’s why it’s so important for us to continue to shrink. That’s why it’s important for us to target applying to not be a SIFI in the first quarter. I think that’s going to take some time. And then when we get done it with that, we still have our international regulators. So I think you should assume that that’s a threshold for some period of time for us, and we need to continue to exit the businesses in a rapid pace and build the capital, so that we can distribute it back to the parent.
Keith Sherin: Hey, Jeff. This is Keith. I’ll just cover a little bit on the $35 billion. As we said, we do have a little bit of price that we’re getting, price to tangible book, so ahead of what our plan was by a bit. And that’s been offset by the fact that we’re selling faster. We tried to say that on the page by – a lot of those transactions were estimated to be later in 2016 and into 2017, and by selling them early, we’re forgoing that future income.  On the other hand, in total, we’re expecting about 1.1 times price to tangible book. We’re a little ahead. You can see the U.S. assets that we’ve sold mostly so far, are selling at 1.4 times price to tangible book. A little ahead of what we thought 1.3. And then the rest of the assets, we think if we’ve got them priced right overall will be just a little ahead of 1.1 times for the total $200 billion of sales. So I think we’re right on the $35 billion and we feel pretty good about it. 
Keith Sherin: Yes. Excuse me. On CFOA for the year, we think our cash conversion ratio on CFOA and free cash flow for the year is going to be closer to 84%, 85%, not 80%. So we actually think we’re going to have a decent performance on CFOA. We talked to you about a goal to get to 95% over the next two to three years, we are laser focused on that. I didn’t suggest at any point in time we were going to do that in 2015. 
Jeff Bornstein: Yes, Deane. So you’ll recall we talked about something that looked like a $0.06 a share gain associated with Appliances. So if it got pushed out of the year, we’d probably rethink a little bit about what we’re doing on restructuring in the fourth quarter; we would consolidate a full quarter of Appliance earnings, which would be a bit of an offset. And more likely than not, that would probably entail a breakup fee. So we still think we’re well within the range of $1.13 to $1.20. But probably that would push us to the bottom end of that range versus being at the top. So we’ve thought through that, and we’ve also thought through it in terms of cash. I think we’re fine. We’re closing on Alstom and doing everything we need to do around cash flow even without closing Appliances.
Jeff Bornstein: No, I just – I think you got it exactly right. I don’t think you can start with the premise of oil and gas flat. Having said that, Alstom is going to contribute, EPS accretion is going to contribute, no question about it, lower corporate. We expect to be better operationally in the segments, and we expect EPS is going to grow double-digits next year for sure.
Jeff Bornstein: Well, we’ve got quite a range here on our expectation for fourth quarter orders. But generally speaking, we expect them the comp much better than what you saw in the third quarter, both headline and organically. So we’ve got some big orders in transportation, some big orders in power and water, we’re looking to deliver in the fourth quarter. We expect aviation to be slightly better. So we think sequentially the fourth quarter is going to look much better than the third quarter for sure.
Jeff Bornstein: Orders, Nigel. Because I think revenue in Q4 is going to look fairly comparable to what it’s been year-to-date, right.
Jeff Bornstein: So we’ve been running, I think we’re at 4% organic revenue growth year-to-date. My hunch is that’s going to be pretty consistent with Q4.
Jeff Bornstein: All right, I’d just – I’ll give you a little color on the third quarter, since you asked it. Definitely price was a challenge in the quarter. We’re down 1.9 points of price. So we had the negative $100 million of value gap. That was definitely a challenge. But the business has actually got pretty good productivity. We were well over $100 million in total cost productivity in the quarter. And really what swung here was volume was a bit lighter than we thought it was going to be, largely emerging markets. And we had about $50 million incremental spend on R&D year-over-year to accelerate the programs we talked about, and that’s where the challenge came through.
Jeff Bornstein: We are laser focused on margins and cost productivity, as we should be, reducing corporate costs. That all lines up with Trian’s white paper. And we’re about executing on orders and revenues so we can have that leverage fall through to earnings.
Jeff Bornstein: And that will be paced – the discussion around leverage will be paced by how quickly we get through the de-designation process in GE Capital.
Jeff Bornstein: I don’t think so. Obviously, China has been a very strong growth market for Healthcare for quite a period of time. You’ve got to remember, 74% of orders and roughly revenues come from developed markets still. Even with all the emerging market growth we’ve had in Healthcare, we’re still about almost three-quarters from the U.S., Europe, Japan. So I don’t think there’s any change in the geographic footprint of where we think Healthcare is going or where the growth is going to come from. We’ve got some particular markets that are challenging based on commodities, FX, or politics; think about Russia, the Middle East. Places like Iraq are very, very tough to comp year-over-year. We actually feel a little bit better that China is stabilizing a little bit for Healthcare. The performance this quarter sequentially was better, and we think the tendering process is ultimately going to pick back up. When you think about China, the underlying fundamentals haven’t changed. There is still 1.5 billion people. They’re still building hospitals. The private market in China has grown 15% to 20% a quarter. It’s the slowdown in the public tender as part of the campaign the government’s been running there has put some slowness into what we’ve seen in terms of order. But I don’t think there’s much of a change in footprint here on a go-forward basis, and we’re still three quarters developed market driven.
Jeff Bornstein: I would just add, the fact we have a $270 billion backlog is very, very important in that kind of environment. $200 billion of that in the service space, right? So from a price perspective, that’s quite important. We are all about product and service costs. So to maintain our profitability and grow it and, to be competitive, we have got to drive it to the same dollars of deflation that you are suggesting. So we are laser focused on this. The product and service cost competitively as just as important as the actual technology we’re selling. So we are on top of this.
