Trevor A. Schauenberg: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. We're pleased to host today's third quarter 2011 earnings webcast. Regarding materials for this webcast, we issued a press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor.  As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.  For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin.  Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.
Trevor A. Schauenberg: Great, thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Keith. Chanel, I think we're ready to go to Q&A now. I know we have a lot of people that have a lot of questions, but if we try to limit it to one per person with the amount of time we have, that'll be great.
Trevor A. Schauenberg: Just a couple of items to close out, housekeeping announcements. The replay for today's webcast will be available this afternoon on our website. We'll be distributing our normal quarterly supplemental data for GE Capital around noon today. And I do have a couple of announcements for upcoming investor events at year end.  First, we will host our GE Capital Investor Meeting in person on December 6 at our -- near our headquarters site at Norwalk, Connecticut. We'll send out details once that's finalized.  Second our Annual Outlook Investor Meeting with our Chairman will be in New York City at the normal place on December 13 and more information will be sent out closer to that date also.  Finally, our fourth quarter 2011 earnings webcast will be on January 20. As always, we'll be available today to take your questions, so thank you very much.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Great, Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everybody. We had a solid quarter in the third quarter with earnings up 11%. Growth was fairly broad-based. Organic revenue growth was 8%, and orders were very strong. Energy, which has been a drag so far this year, should turn positive in fourth quarter. The environment was more volatile particularly in Europe and with U.S. housing, and this had a negative impact on both Healthcare and Appliances. However, emerging market growth was very strong. We have a strong balance sheet, and we continue to execute a balanced capital allocation plan. Significantly, we retired the Berkshire preferred shares and those improved EPS by $0.03 in 2012. So in all, it was a good quarter in a volatile environment. Orders grew by 16% in the quarter, which is a good indicator for the future. Organic orders growth was 6%. Order pricing is flat versus previous year, which is a positive sign. We ended the quarter with $191 billion of backlog and this is the highest in our history. Our market momentum gives us confidence and solid organic growth going forward in 2012 and beyond, so overall we think a very good orders story. For growth, our growth investments are paying off with high market share. Our revenue and growth markets are up 24% year-to-date. We've had 8 of 9 regions experiencing 20%-plus growth. Our services growth year-to-date is up 15%, and we see continued momentum in this important space. Our investment in R&D is paying off with more launches and important segments. We're seeing great success in Energy behind the Flex 50, a new gas engine. Aviation is winning across the board, and we enter the fourth quarter with a strong NPI pipeline in both Healthcare and Appliances. So third quarter industrial revenue organic growth of 8% is we can sure to be very strong. Our margins hit a low for the year in the third quarter. We expect improvement in fourth quarter. Energy is the big driver. In the quarter, we shipped wind and thermal units with pricing below last year. We see that improving for 2012. Our R&D spend is normalizing and should decline as a percent of revenue in 2012. Meanwhile, acquisitions and services are improving.  As we said in the second quarter call, we've seen margins come and below our expectations for 2011, but we now see a solid margin growth in 2012. So that really is the margin story. Now for cash, we see CFOA coming in about $12 billion for 2011. We had more working capital in line with higher growth. As I said earlier, we've executed on a balanced capital allocation plan. In the quarter, we bought $2 billion of stock. We completed the Converteam acquisition, and we've now retired the preferred shares on October 17. So between the Berkshire preferred and the buyback in the quarter, that's about $4 billion. And we ended the quarter with $91 billion of cash on the balance sheet, so extremely strong in liquid balance sheet. In GE Capital, we've given this update in the past. I just wanted to give you an update on GE Capital Funding and capital levels. With the $3 billion of debt we did last week, we've substantially completed our 2011 long-term borrowing. And we'll continue to do some reverse inquiries throughout the year. We kept our commercial paper flat. And with $83 billion of cash, we're really in a great position for our 2012 maturities.  As you know, the long-term debt maturities go down to $35 billion for 2013 and beyond, so we have a much different funding profile. With earnings and a smaller GE Capital, our Tier 1 common went to 11%. So we're ahead of plan on shrinking GE Capital, leaving us with "dry powder" for brokerage and Asian opportunities in the future. So this is really -- I think GE Capital -- a very good and strong story, so we've got really strong liquidity and capital positions, and GE Capital keeps doing a great job.  So with that, let me turn it over to Keith to go through more details on the operations of the company.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Great, Keith, thanks. And just to wrap up, just going back to the operating framework that we presented in December. I just give you an update we're kind of 3 quarters of the way through the year. We expect industrial growth for the quarter and the year. Energy, which has really had negatives through the first 3 quarters, goes positive in the fourth quarter. Aviation and Transportation are really slightly better than we thought when we put the framework together. Healthcare and Appliances will be slightly lower. Capital momentum is going to continue. We see organic growth industrially in excess of 5%. We see solid double-digit operating earnings for the year. I think if you think about the pattern for the year, so third quarter year-to-date, industrial has been about flat year-over-year. And Financial Services, GE Capital has been growing significantly. I think when you look at the fourth quarter, our industrial earnings go positive. Financial Services stays at a very strong rate, and so you get in fourth quarter momentum and that momentum continues into 2012. So we're confident in the total year framework for 2011, very strong solid double-digit growth gaining momentum as we end the year. And the leading indicators remain positive, so I feel really good about what the third quarter said, how the fourth quarter momentum is looking, and how we feel in terms of closing the year. And then our final chart is just kind of a framework development for 2012. And just -- this is kind of a framework that we presented at EPG and then talked about at the end of the second quarter. And I just wanted to give you a few reflections as we look at it for the fourth quarter, and kind of what we can expect when we do our December dinner and then into 2012.  So we see the key factors around GE Capital continuing to improve. I think the real estate turnaround is underway and that shows up in the third quarter. Our balance sheet strength is very strong and our liquidity remains high. Industrial, Healthcare and Transportation, a lot of the elements and fundamentals should continue, and we should continue to grow.  I think we're lined up to have solid growth in Aviation and Energy. We've got a full year of the acquisition impact in Energy, and we'll have good momentum in the fourth quarter. Our margins should improve in 2012 versus 2011. We're going to continue to watch the situation in Europe. But as Keith said, it really does appear manageable today.  In 2012, really, we should have both solid, organic growth and expanding margins. And so we think the promise of that and the execution around that is key. We retired the preferred shares. We basically have done what we said we're going to do on capital allocation. And I think the retirement of the preferred shares really provides an EPS lift for 2012, and we feel good about that. So we like our portfolio, we think our outlook is strong, and we're well positioned in this volatile environment.  So with that, Trevor, let me turn it back to you, and we'll take some questions.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: The order pricing, Steve, in the quarter was a little better than it was in 2Q, still down slightly for Energy.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: In Q3. I think from a macro sense, Steve, we see good wind demand in the U.S. for '12. I think the gas turbine demand is going to continue to come from outside the United States. And I don't see -- I think that kind of what the guys told you in the industrial meeting in September around pricing still kind of holds. I think it's firming, but it's -- it will continue to be a competitive market.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: So Scott, I'd say Europe and Japan, if you think about those 2 markets in the second half of this year, probably cost us about $70 million for operating profit, something like that in the second half, just those 2 markets. And I don't -- I think Japan could get better. I think Europe we're going to stay cautious on Europe. U.S. is surprisingly strong. Our orders in U.S., as Keith said, were very solid. And then the growth in the emerging markets are booming, so we see phenomenal demand globally. Scott, I think the R&D expense in Q3 was more driven by some of the investments we're making at Home Health and Healthcare IT. We're launching this Colibria product in Healthcare IT, more so than what I would call classic MR/CT type of activity. So a lot of the R&D that you see is really more in the life sciences, IT, Home Health space.  And when we think about '12, I mean, we haven't done our operating plans yet, but when we think about '12, I think the profile of mid to high single-digit revenue growth, double-digit op profit growth is still the way we think about '12. Keith, I don't know, would you add anything to that, Keith or...
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I'd say, Scott, when you look at our -- when you look at the variable cost productivity, what we're doing in sourcing and direct cost, I think that continues to be very strong. We have increased the investments in global growth, and we have increased investments in R&D. We think a lot of those investments are in place, and they are showing up on the revenue line. Our organic growth is great. Our growth in the growth markets is superior to our peers. Our growth in services is superior to our peers. So we think, Scott, that we are well positioned for 2012. That's really the basis on which we've made these investments. Our 2012 and 2013, our R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue will decline in 2012. But I think when you look at our backlog, when you look at our organic growth, when you look at our revenue run rates, they are extremely strong and I think farewell versus our peers, and that's really why we made the investments.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: And the $191 billion of backlog is the most backlog we've ever had, and we're really not counting on much in the U.S. in the gas turbine field and stuff like that, so we're really not -- we're not just looking for that much from the developed economies.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Sure. If you look -- I'll do it by the margin percents maybe, Chris. So in the third quarter last year, we're a little over 20% margins. The wind business alone drove margins down by 2.9 points in the Energy segment. A lot of that was price, as I mentioned, and some of it was the mix. M&A acquisitions drove margins down by 6/10 of 1 point. And then our global programs, investments and the balance of plant revenue that we talked about account for the other 1.3 points.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I have to take a look at that. I would say that I think -- I think that with the increase in the GEnx engines, you'll be closer to flat on op profit V than you will up 7. I think that's probably a way to think about it. I don't have the final agenda -- Aviation number for the fourth quarter, but it will be less of a positive V obviously in the fourth quarter than what we have in the third quarter just based on that GEnx ramp.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Jeff, I think we expect to have a lot of cash to allocate in 2012. And we -- I think we still want a balanced approach. We like the dividend growth. We like doing small deals, but we think the Energy team has played -- has played right now, and so we'll be selective in terms of where we do M&A. And then buybacks, we've done -- I think that being able to $1 billion in the quarter plus the Berkshire preferred is really $4 billion in Q3, which is going to benefit investors next year. So we'll continue, really, with the balanced and disciplined capital allocation approach.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: I think we're -- I think we're just kind of in the normal launch on the GEnx. And the performance improvement programs really look to be either on or ahead of schedule, so we feel good about -- we feel good about that. And then, again, I think for next year we've got a shot at expanding margins in Aviation and -- we are launching these new engines, but that's really where our focus is. And we've got a lot of the -- a lot of the GEnx is going to be in the run rate this year in terms of the shipments, so we're kind of -- don't have that headwind when we look at 2012. And I think that's a real positive for investors and that's what we're kind of getting behind us this year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Yes, I mean, I still expect it to be negative year, but it's not nearly going to be at the magnitude that it's been this year. I think we had -- this was a particularly tough comparison year, Julian, just given the wind margins in 2010. So I think that's just the run rate that we see to be less -- much less of a headwind next year than this year.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Terry, I just want to make sure that, that is well understood that the GE dividend to our investors is a real priority. I think that moves really independently of the Fed process. And from the board and from my standpoint, it remains an extremely strong priority for the company.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Terry, I kind of take it segment by segment. I think the Energy guys have enough on their plate right now, so I really think -- we are full throttle execution mode in Energy. Aviation and Healthcare, if we do anything, it's going to be kind of on strategy and accretive and in our wheelhouse and in the size range that we've talked about in the past. So we always want to stay opportunistic. We always want to stay focused on our key growth segments in the future. Like I said earlier, I really -- I like our backlog. I like our product profile. I think we have positioned ourself that -- and again, nobody can predict the environment, right? We live in a more volatile world. But I think if you look at our backlog and our product profile, the odds of us having organic revenue growth equal to or greater than our peers is quite high just with the stuff we've got in our backlog right now. So we don't think we need acquisition to deliver on what the company needs to do for our investors in 2012.
Jeffrey R. Immelt: Again, our order rates, backlog, market position. By market position, I mean our share position in key products has only improved since the first time we've talked about this. Clearly, we've got to be mindful of what's going on in Europe and things like that.  But when you look at our backlogs in Aviation and Energy, they're quite strong. And we've got a full year carryover of the acquisitions to what Keith talked about. We've done a good job from a capital allocation standpoint of retiring the preferred stock that's behind us. I think in GE Capital, you're going to have a better commercial real estate year next year than this year.  So I think if you look at the big drivers, Steve, it's just -- it's either in backlog or the momentum we have in Q3 helps us -- helps solidify that view going forward.
Keith S. Sherin: I think our strength clearly is in the emerging market, so you can see the orders growth. We've invested, localized our business, globalized our business. I think the team is doing a great job of that. I think U.S., as you said, is a little better than we thought, and we've got to do a good job executing there. And Europe's probably going to stay slow based on reimbursements and the current stress from a government perspective, so I think it's a pretty good outlook.
Keith S. Sherin: I think on the back office, we got to continue to stream line. I think we have opportunities. We're investing in IT projects to try and consolidate and get consistent global ledger platforms. We're going to look at back office outside the U.S. on a broader basis. So I think there's always opportunities there for us, Scott, and I think that will help us to kind of offset some of the funding that we've done on the growth side.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, I don't have specific geographic numbers but take a look at kind of where we are third quarter year-to-date, 59%, 58%, 59% of our revenue is outside the U.S. Our orders are up 16%. It's pretty well split domestically and globally. We are getting a lot of growth out of the emerging markets. That's going to continue.  Our backlog is very strong and it's going to -- we're going to continue to get 59%, 60%, 61% of our growth out of the -- outside the U.S. So I think in terms of that, that's one way to look at it. The other thing, I think, as we get into the fourth quarter here, we're going to do our operating plan. And obviously in December, you'll have a more thorough discussion on what we think the framework is by business. This framework is off of our growth playbooks that we've done in the summer and all of our business updates that we've done after the third quarter. We feel pretty good about it.
Keith S. Sherin: You are going to see a good wind -- good wind activity. As you saw the orders in the quarter, that's going to help. And obviously, that's going to be one thing that will be positive in the U.S. in '12. We'll have a good amount of wind activity as people work to get those units in place to qualify for the production tax credits that are available.
Keith S. Sherin: It should be the starting point. We've said they're going to improve off of where we've been this year. They've got a big volume quarter, and it should be directionally what we're trying to achieve for 2012.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we expect to have a stronger CFOA from our industrial businesses in 2012 than 2011. We won't have the drag of not having the NBCU cash year-over-year, and we'll have the growth in the industrial businesses including the acquisitions and obviously the growth in our earnings. From a capital perspective, our plan is to have a dividend, to add the GE Capital back to the parent in '12 we've got a lot of work to do on that. We've obviously worked hard over the last couple of years to strengthen our capital ratios. You saw the numbers there, they're very strong compared to peers and other standards out there. As you know, though the Fed just became a regulator in mid-July, it's very early in the process of them getting to understand us, and we're working constructively and transparently with them, and we'll have to give you an update as we go forward with them on that. Our objectives are still the same, and we've got a lot of work to get at that.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, the volume -- volume continues to be incredibly strong. As you saw in our orders in turbomachinery and also drilling and production. For the quarter, we -- I can do it again on op profit walk, we had a little over 16% op profit in the '10 -- third quarter '10. A negative price was about $30 million, that's 1.4 points down. The acquisitions were about 7/10 of 1 point, so again we're earning money but at a much lower margin rate than our core business. And then the global investment that we've been making are about another 7/10 of 1 point, getting close to the 13% they had, 12.5% they had in the quarter.
Keith S. Sherin: They are. We're working cooperatively with them, imagine being parachuted in the GE Capital in July and saying, you know, the whole place, they've got a lot of work to do. We're cooperating with them. I think we're just going to have a constructive open dialog. We're having a lot of meetings, and a lot of work is going on. But we're going to respect the Fed, and we're waiting for them to work cooperatively with us on when we make a decision on the dividend back from GE Capital. I think they've got a lot of learning to do, and we've got a lot of information to share with them, and we got to work constructively on that. So it does matter, and it does depend on them, and we're going to work cooperatively with them to get to that point.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, I mean, we'll work with the board, as we always do, on the dividend plans for GE and total, as Jeff mentioned. It's a real party for us in terms of capital allocations, it's the dividend to our investors, and we want to keep our -- around the 45% payout ratio, and we feel we've got a pretty good outlook to deliver on that.
Keith S. Sherin: I don't know about an EPS number. In terms of the results, we're going to earn somewhere around $300 million in the deals for 2011. I think the offset that's mostly in the Energy and Oil & Gas segment, the offset to that is in the BD cost and some of the restructuring we've been taken to corporate. It's pretty much a wash for 2011. We will have incremental growth in 2012 from the acquisitions. It should be quite healthy. And we'll have a real decline in the offsetting costs that are coming into corporate. So I think the acquisitions are going to be pretty accretive next year. I don't have an earnings per share, but it's going to grow from the $300-plus million at the Energy segment into 2012 just based on a full year. We also expect to start getting some of our synergies, and you'll have a nice offset by not having some of those costs at corporate.
Keith S. Sherin: I really don't have a framework for that yet. I'd really love to wait until kind of the December outlook to be able to give you a better look at where we think 2012 taxes are going to be.
Keith S. Sherin: There is some better margin in there. I didn't have any gains of a big amounts over $50 million that I recall in CLL. In terms of the walk of profitability from a net income from third quarter last year to this year, the losses were $120 million and the base income was up $125 million. A lot of that was margin.
Keith S. Sherin: I don't have a split of where is -- I see. There are improved margins in North America, that was a lot of it. There's a little bit of margin improvement in Asia, and margin is about flat in Europe.
Keith S. Sherin: Look, we've got a couple different stress cases. If you have a normal slowdown in the economy, you're going to have higher delinquencies and that will roll through in sort of normal losses. I don't think there's anything precipitous about that. We have run other stress cases that are a lot tougher in terms of the total capital markets look in Europe, and we still think those are manageable.  But I think if you're just talking about Europe -- look, we're expecting Europe to have slow growth. They're going to be deleveraging and there's going to be some volatility, and we lend money on that basis. So I think we would have higher delinquencies. And as you have higher delinquencies, you probably will have some higher losses in Europe. But our base stress cast test with the scenario slowdown, a little slowdown, in Europe is very manageable for us, a normal credit cycle, I would say.
Keith S. Sherin: We're still working with them on what's going to be the holding company level. I think you've seen we strengthened the ratios in both entities consistently over the period and both are manageable. There's a runoff operation in GECS, so the runoff insurance operations don't relate to the ongoing running of GE Capital. We'll have to see which entity is the right one to land on.  At the end of the day, we're going to be responsible for both. We've consolidated the GECS level and will be responsible for all the operations of that entity no matter which gets picked for the regulation. The regulation is going to be throughout the company is the bottom line, Nigel.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, we plan on having a very solid funding year in 2012. We're going to end the year just coincidentally somewhere around $87 billion, which is very close to the number we have today. We plan to issue probably $25 billion to $30 billion. We're still working on our plans for next year. We did obviously $25 billion this year. We did $24 billion, we'll do $25 billion. We've got alternative funding growth of $5 million to $15 million. We've got $1 billion. We've got the business cash flows and then we have the maturity.  So we're planning on bringing that cash pool down substantially next year. I mean, basically we've immunized a lot of the long-term debt maturities in 2012 with cash. We borrowed it in advance. And so we're planning on bringing that cash pool way down in 2012 by the end of the year, bring it closer to 50 than it is to the 80 that we have today.
Keith S. Sherin: Well, I think you'll start to get some of that in '12 and you'll get some of that in '13. Right now, the negative carry is several hundred million dollars a year for having all this excess cash.
Keith S. Sherin: Yes, I think it does depend obviously on what happens in the world. Our view is we're going to have a slow growth developed world. We're going to have a slow growth in the U.S. and slow growth in Europe. Europe could be flat next year even -- or maybe it's in a recession. But it's not -- we're not planning on a real huge decline in Europe or in the U.S. And in the developed world -- developing world, we expect to have continued good orders momentum, and it's very broad-based.  It's in all these growth regions that we're operating in. And we think that's going to continue with some volatility. I don't think -- you don't think Brazil goes straight up forever, and China will have some slowdowns from 9% to 8% or whatever. So we're planning on a slow growth developed world, continued high-growth developing world based on the businesses we're in.  We're in heavy infrastructure, and that's where those capital expenditures are being made in those growth regions. And we've got a lot in the backlog, as Jeff said, we're going to go through our operating plan -- plans here in the fourth quarter. We'll give you a good update in December. But it feels pretty good about where we're positioned today. The fourth quarter and the Energy performance is going to be an important indicator for us we've got to execute, and we'll have to show you that. And we feel good about that outlook, and we'll give you an update, as we said, in December.
Keith S. Sherin: I think the comparisons are certainly easier obviously when you look at what we've had to deal with, with the margin compression in 2011. We're still going to have price pressures, as Jeff said, in 2012. I hope it's less than that we had in 2011 when you look at the full year. We've got a lot of orders to come to see what happens with that in 2012.
Keith S. Sherin: The main driver in the quarter was, what we talked about, the retail business went back to more normal level of delinquencies. We had in the U.S. about $300 million impact in the provision in the third quarter versus the second quarter. That was driven by delinquencies in the U.S. retail business going up 39 basis points.  Now on a historic basis, you go back 3 or 4 years and you average the third quarter versus second quarter, it normally goes up 55 basis points, so a little better than historic but as we planned, and that's the main driver for the provision change upward in the quarter.
