Jeffrey Immelt: You know, Scott, I just give you a view of the world and again, there is certainly lot going on but I would say, the US is probably the best we’ve seen it since the financial crisis, right, when you look at rail loadings and things like that, you’ve got a decent and healthy US market. Europe is slower for sure. But I think most companies, industrial companies haven’t counted on Europe and Japan for much incremental growth. And then if you go across the emerging markets and I was two weeks ago the Middle East and North Africa still pretty healthy robust. China, I think is more of a micro story then macro story now. Aviation, healthcare very strong, if you are in the right industries, very robust. Mexico better. So if you look at it geographically Scott, I think it’s kind of the slow growth pattern with volatility but a not a lot different than what we’ve seen in the past and then kind of industry-by-industry, Aviation remains strong, transportation remains strong, power, depends on what segments you are in. Or I guess, you definitely have more caution in oil and gas, but I’ve been with a bunch of the CEOs just in the last couple days and the long-term projects I think are still kind of underway. But there is certainly, I would say, there was already caution before the last, I would say, month or so around there. So, I think it fits a pattern that we’ve seen in the last couple of years and the underlying activity is still reasonably healthy but not universal. There are some parts that are clearly stronger than others.
Jeffrey Immelt: You know, Scott, these things were always individual-by-individual. I think, John Dineen was a really good leader here; I think he has got good opportunities as you saw yesterday he has got a nice new assignment and sometimes I just think it works for the individual and for the company. So, again, I think the healthcare business is still a key business for us. But, yes, it gives us a new set of eyes and I think in John’s case, the future makes sense for him as well. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Yes, Scott, look, I love Flannery’s global experience. I thought that was outstanding. He has got a great strategic buying to put. He has more experience in healthcare than I had when I became of CEO of healthcare more than 10 years ago. So, I think he has got a nice – really a nice background and has real hands on experience with it outside the United States. 
Jeffrey Immelt: I just think tailwinds, the micro stuff, SG&A is good, value gap is good and I think the service productivity actually has good momentum as well. 
Jeffrey Immelt: You know, Steve, here is what, again, we’re just in the process itself. I think the regulatory stuff is all going per schedule. We haven’t seen anything that is a surprise. They are in the same markets out that you guys see every day. So, some good some bad on that, but, not a big surprise there and I would say synergies, the opportunities for synergies are probably greater than what we would have expected and so we continue to work on that. So, I think, other than that, I don’t really – there is not a lot more color I can add – I’ll do more at the outlook meeting on Alstom. But, I’d say, we still like what we see. We still think there is good potential to run it as a combined entity better.
Jeffrey Immelt: You know, I think healthcare has been, everything else being equal reasonably consistent for quite a long period of time. I mean, we have seen quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year equipment pricing in the down 140 basis points, roughly 150 basis points at a point in time. A little bit better on service. But I don’t think we see anything that would suggest that the dynamics around those product cycles, the market behavior, around price is changing. So, we are very focused on winning with technology and gaining share that way and as I said, we had a reasonably for the first time – reasonably strong equipment market here in the US for us up 10%. We don’t think the market was up that. So, we need to win on technology and execution and I think the price dynamics on equipment and imaging are what they are and I don’t see anything changing there. 
Jeffrey Immelt: We have a very heavy equipment quarter in the fourth quarter for sure. But as I said, we expect to make progress on margins for the year. We expect to stay on that trajectory to get the 17 plus percent in 2016. So, the 15 basis points in the third quarter, I would expect those to have a decent year. 
Jeffrey Immelt: Sure, so, it’s heavily dynamic with the H. As we talked about, we’ve got 13 in backlog and we have customers – some customers that are rethinking what otherwise might have been F powered capacity with H cop powered capacity. It is generally speaking it’s one H unit will replace two F units. So, on the pricing front, the initial, these are launch orders, so the initial H orders are going to be tougher, no question about that and we’ll get down the cost curve as quickly as possible. But I think generally speaking, we think the technology has been incredibly well received and where we thought we would be if not better given the early 2014 launch of the technology. So, we feel like we are more competitive. We had a great quarter in the US, it took 11 units. 
Jeffrey Immelt: We would have much higher industrial earnings, John, and much higher shipments. So we ought to have a good fourth quarter, I’d say on cash. 
Jeffrey Immelt: I’d say, listen, a great part of our industrial footprint here is that we make protocol over the world. So, we can be flexible, but where we make product, if FX becomes that big an issue, we can be flexible about where we make products. So I don’t think we are anticipating FX being a competitive issue for us. 
Jeffrey Immelt: So the organic, we’ve done some dispositions there, Andrew. So, I think the organic is up mid-single-digits kind of range 7% something like that.
Jeffrey Immelt: Before we cut off today, I think we talked a lot about execution in the quarter, but I wanted to elevate just a bit. We really remain on track to get the company at 75% industrial, 25% GE Capital, while growing EPS every year, this year next year and into the future. And I think in addition to the good execution in the quarter, the strategic moves the company continues to make to – with Alstom, Appliances, remixing GE Capital continues to make this a more valuable company. So I think that’s an addition to the current quarter operations. I think we are executing on the portfolio to create a much more valuable company.
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, I mean, we have fourth quarter in front of us that we think is kind of be very strong. Just for instance, year-over-year in the fourth quarter, our gas serving shipment is going to be up more than 40% year-over-year. Our wind shipments will be up more than 30% year-over-year. Aero shipments 16%, even commercial and military engines are going to be up mid double-digits and we are looking for a 30% increase in locos year-over-year. So we are looking at a fourth quarter that we think is going to be very strong and we expect the power business to be up substantially in the fourth quarter. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, for the most part, most of the gas turbines or 100% of the gas turbines are in backlog, we are in good shape on wind. So a good part of the volume that drives the fourth quarter. We stand pretty firmly on – I would say, as I’ve said before, distributed power is the place where we have seen the most volatility and based on the places we are selling, I think, that’s going to continue to play out that way. But, I think, we feel good about a strong revenue quarter in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Bornstein: No, we continue to progress on where we expect to continue to progress on margins. We are on this journey to 17 plus percent 2016, we got, we’re 50 basis points up third quarter year-to-date. And we expect to be on that trajectory to get to 17% in 2016. So, we would expect to continue to progress. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Steve, there is a little bit that’s of healthcare on the high tech learning curve. So, you get RCM rates are equal to or greater even sometimes when the price is down because we are getting the cost down and the product as well. So, it has the unique – I would say visibility or and compared to some of other products and technologies. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: No, we expect to be up obviously with the higher volume in the fourth quarter and we expect to continue to build on the cost gains that we’ve had throughout the year both in terms of SG&A and corporate cost. So, we are expecting an increase in profit. We expect to earn more in the fourth quarter for sure and we are expecting strong double-digit revenue growth and we expect to continue to make progress on margins. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Steve, we’ll give you – when we do the outlook meeting in December, we’ll give you a little bit more color on kind of what we are thinking about 2015. There is also going to be there is starting to be, Steve, a higher mix on big units as well. So, you just will try to spell that all, but you definitely see the market mixing towards the bigger units. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, you are right. We’re hopeful that we can get the exchange executed in late 2015. If I were modeling actually, I think I would just model Synchrony in the year and the exchange happening on 1-1 of 2016. We can’t tell you today exactly when in late 2015, I think for modeling purposes, I would have it in for the year. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Yes, we’ve looked at that. If you go back I believe Amersham was done in 2004, when we go back and look at it, over the last roughly ten years, in this business we’ve collected about $10 billion of cash. Obviously, we had the Amersham investment, we have several other investments along the way. We’ve got order of magnitude $13 billion invested. If you look at business today at a $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of EBITDA, we think the multiple, if you split it the way Kieran described it, if you think about biopharma and research there is a very multiple of EBITDA based on transactions Merck and others have done. And the Diagnostics business being a lower multiple business, lower growth, lower margin, at 15.5 times those EBITDA numbers you get a total value of – call it 20 – I am sorry, $27 billion, $17 billion is what we got today roughly, $10 billion of cash collected versus the $13 billion we got into it. You get a kind of something like a low teens IRR if you will like today. Now, having said that, we think Kieran has got his business accelerating from here and we are very bullish on the biopharma space and so we think the returns from here forward are going to be more attractive than that. I don’t know if I answered your question.
Jeffrey Bornstein: I think the other dynamic, Jeff, that I would talk about Jeff is, the mix of regions is probably better. So the US is probably the place where there is the most interest right now. And that has tended to be a slightly better margin type region for us. So, that’s a positive. Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right and I am just trying to understand kind of the disconnect between power and water order price up 1.3%.
Jeffrey Bornstein: I got you, I am sorry, Jeff. Yes, I got it, I am sorry. The H turbines, because they are new, they are not in the OPI number. There is no price to compare to last year.Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay.
Jeffrey Bornstein: So, Jeff, here is what I’d say, this is a strike zone deal for what we do in GCAS. We know how to do this. It’s an operating lease business. It matches very well with our footprint geographically on where we have resources and operating capabilities deployed. We know how to manage businesses like this that are very asset-intensive and we really like what the returns look like over time. It also lines up like GCAS does with our aviation business. So a very high percentage of this portfolio, our GE powered helicopters and we think that provides a lot of synergy. So, we’ve been – I think reasonably consistent saying that we were going to continue to grow our core mid-market and industrially aligned verticals as we move forward and at the same time, we are very aggressively working the $135 billion of non-strategic parts of the portfolio and we’ve got a lot of things in motion there. So, I think, the other way you need to think about it a bit is, we’ve got capital available and we’d rather deploy the capital at very attractive returns than to put the capital to work in a bank at a negative carry. So, I think this makes all the sense in the world and I don’t think in anyway is that inconsistent with anything we or Keith have communicated. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: Today, – as we sit here today, I would say we expect to be about the midpoint of the range. So we’ve got a big fourth quarter in front of us, no question about it. If you think about last year we did $5.5 billion of CFOA industrial in the fourth quarter based on the earnings improvement what we expect to get from a working capital improvement by liquidating all that inventory. In the fourth quarter, we think we’ve got to pass to be about mid-point of the range between $14 billion and $17 billion. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: I would echo that, John, I think the dynamic is really one where we’ve got the right global footprint to do whatever ultimately we need to do. 
Jeffrey Bornstein: So, I would say, excluding the disposition impacts, the M&C businesses has start to turn a little bit organically. Orders in the third quarter were up 7%, revenue was – I said in the script were up 8% and they are getting some operating leverage. And so, we’ve seen a little bit of more strength in oil and gas applications and industrial applications around controls. And so we are hopeful that we are trending more positively here in the M&C business as you know that’s important, it’s a very profitable business for oil and gas.
