Bill Rhodes: Thank you Bill. We are pleased to report our 40th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth and for the year to report an EPS growth rate of 13%. We are also quite pleased with all we accomplished during 2016. While we experienced more regional sales differences than either planned or usual, our company executed exceptionally well. Our focus remains on being successful over the long run. That success will be attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day-in and day-out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Before I conclude, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2016. We were able to build on past accomplishments and deliver some impressive results. In recognition of the dedication, passion and commitment of our AutoZoners, I want to highlight that we grew sales to a record $10.6 billion this past year and we grew same-store sales at 2.4% and we continued with our double-digit EPS growth streak, reaching our 40th consecutive quarter. We grew our store base in Mexico and managed our expenses exceptionally well in spite of the foreign currency headwind with the peso. We continued with our IMC integration, opened six new branches and now have 26 in total. Our inventory availability rollouts continued on plan. I could not be more proud of the tremendous work everyone on these projects contributed. And lastly, we are talking more, more about saying Yes! We've Got It to our customers. We are determined to meet all our customers' needs in 2017. Our offerings are the best they have ever been and we are determined to communicate this to our customer base. At the end of the day, our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations. Again, we are excited about our initiatives around inventory assortments and availability, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, eCommerce, Brazil and IMC. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to detail and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid, consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market condition and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. With 2016 behind us now, we must remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. I can't wait to sit down and talk with our leadership team at our upcoming national sales meeting. This team is comprised of the best leaders in our industry. We are launching our Yes! We've Got It theme and I know our leaders, combined with our talented team of more than 84,000 AutoZoners will do a fantastic job in 2017. Now we would like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: And hub stores. Yes, I would say hub stores are pretty much baked in the cake at this point in time. We will open a few more. They have been a great addition to our strategy and we will continue to leverage them long-term, always looking for more opportunities to leverage them further. As I said in our prepared remarks, the mega hubs continue to outperform our expectations. They are doing really, really well. We have got 11 of them now. We will hopefully open more than a handful this year and are proceeding very well with that. That one is much easier to measure and qualify the results. Multiple frequency of delivery, because you are talking about the randomness of demand, it's a little bit harder to evaluate that. In our test store, we feel very good about it. We are just trying to go back now and validate it. But I would say, the mega hubs are out performing at this point in time and we are continuing to try to refine both multiple frequency of delivery and mega hubs.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Clearly the quarter started softer than it ended. I don't want to overstate that. These were modest improvements that kind of built throughout the quarter. As you know, it got much hotter around July 1. And as we said on the last call, heat's going to help us in the summertime and it certainly did. We saw those benefits across the board in those in heat-related categories. And yes, we saw the weather impacted regions improve modestly, but I think as we have said before, we think that it's going to have a lingering effect until we get into a more normalized winter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We have got kind of a standing practice. We announce our earnings so early in the quarter that we really don't want to get into this quarter's results. We are three weeks in and things can't just happen in three week periods. So I don't ever want to talk about what's happened in the current quarter. I am sorry.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. For us, I don't think the health of the consumer is really that significant of a driver. If you turn back the clock to 2009, 2010 and 2011 when everybody was really struggling, we performed exceptionally well. So I don't think we are a good barometer of the consumer and the consumer's health. I think the biggest differentiator for us has been the weather that happened in those parts of the country. We saw it back in 2012. We have gone back and studied it now. That's why we are saying we think the effects will linger until we get into a good, strong winter again.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think that we will continue to spend a little bit more on our eCommerce platforms, particularly on autozone.com. Because although our volumes may not be a significant from an eCommerce perspective, we have a lot of eyeballs coming to our site to learn more about our products or availability, maybe even get some repair information, et cetera. And we believe that that traffic migrates itself to the stores and winds up resulting in a purchase. So from an omnichannel perspective, our eCommerce platform is very important relative to providing a complete WOW! Customer Experience for our customers in terms of learning about the products, understanding the location of the stores, pricing, et cetera and then transferring that to the stores and then executing the transaction. We also make it easy for our customers to do buy online and pick up at store. So we are trying to be able to provide great service to the customers in any form that they want to be able to shop in. And so we think eCommerce is an important element of that and we will continue to invest in it.
Bill Rhodes: I am not sure that I am prepared to say that we are not seeing it or whether or not there's something else. As I mentioned, there was a 400 basis point impact in the comp. One of the things is, a lot of the multiple frequency of delivery work has been done in those weather impacted regions. So maybe it would have been more pronounced without it. What we are saying is, look, we hear you loud and clear. We don't see it showing up in the 1% comp, but it might be something else. We are going back to the drawing board and reassessing everything we can to make sure that we optimize those resources. At the end of the day, we know we are improving customer service and we know our in-stocks are up materially. That has to ultimately help our business.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think it's something that has to mature over time. These are relationships built with customers over long periods of time. And because you enhance your availability either from in-stock position or from an expanded parts assortment, they are not necessarily going to switch to you over time. Particularly on the expanded parts assortment, when they are calling around and they find that you do have that product, that's going to help you move up that call list, but it's not going to happen overnight.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. The deceleration of our program growth and it wasn't just this year, it's really what's happened over the last three or four years, if we qualify that, it's about 300 basis points of the deceleration in our commercial growth.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It absolutely impacts it going forward and we can go and look at specific markets and see it crystal clear in their performance in certain categories. One of the things that happens in the wintertime in those regions is the snow and ice. Either we have to put salt down to take care of it or there's snow piles that are tearing up the roads. That puts pressure on the under-car parts. Think about chassis and the like. And also the salt makes things rust. And so they don't just rust that day. They rust over time and those rusted parts have to be replaced over time. So we are very confident that we understand what the weather implications are and we are also very confident that they kind of last until we get to another big winter cycle.
Bill Rhodes: We are going as fast as we can go on the mega hubs. Nothing is holding us back, not capital, not operating expenses. We want to go as fast as we can go. The challenge of that is the real estate projects. And real estate projects can easily take two years from the time you initiate until the time you are completed. These are even more complex than our regular projects. So I don't think it would have any bearing on where we are with the mega hub rollout. But what I would characterize multiple frequency of delivery is yes, we are trying to find the benefits in the numbers and it's a little bit more difficult than we would like. We knew that going in. It was more difficult in the test as well. We also are looking at it at a more granular level and are trying to find some opportunities and are seeing some interesting things where we might have had some unintended consequences that we can reverse and improve on. So all we are saying is, we get it that it's hard to say. We have seen $1,000 to $1,500 per store and a 1% comp. That's not lost on us and we are going back to work to make sure we can find it.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We really haven't quantified it because it's so hard to quantify it. But a little bit more than half, I would believe, from the multiple frequency of deliveries and the balance from mega hubs on a per store basis when it's rolled out.
Bill Rhodes: I think anytime gas prices are low, it's going to benefit us. Especially when you think about the impact of lowering gas prices on the low end consumer, that's putting more dollars in their pocket. No different than the fact that we see significant increases in our business when tax refunds happen in February and March. Whenever our customer has some money in their pocket, we seem to benefit from it fairly significantly. As for what are the trends going to be in Q1 and Q2, you know we don't really give guidance. As we look at Q1 and Q2 last year, we are comping against more difficult comparisons. We do believe that the weather implications or weather impacts are going to continue to be a bit of a headwind. But we like where we stand. We are going to continue to fight it out and do the best that we can every day.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Batteries and AC heating parts are the big parts. By the way, it's still quite hot across lots of parts of the country right now. Hopefully, we will have a bit of an Indian summer and that will help us too.
Bill Rhodes: Well before we conclude the call, I would just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress, this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call.
Bill Giles: I think that from an online perspective, we are seeing that mostly in somewhat nondiscretionary purchases as far as traffic is concerned and where it's going, et cetera. But I think also the way we think about online a little bit is there will always be an element of transactions that are going to occur online. But from our perspective, we provide trustworthy advice at the counter for the customer. We also provide an ability for us maybe to replace wiper blades or install batteries, et cetera. So there's a service element that takes place at the store as well. So there's a value proposition that takes place in the store that's different than anything you are going to receive online. You have got somebody you can talk to you, get repair information that can be printed out and provided to you, get somebody who can walk out to your car and look at it and help you assess what it is you want to accomplish. So in addition to that, there's cores attached to many of the products that we sell which create a two-way transaction. So there's all sorts of elements that from our perspective, we provide a great value proposition. And I know that there is a discrepancy in the pricing that you are going to see online versus what you get in the stores and that's all part of the equation. So we think from a long-term perspective that we are cognizant of those price discrepancies, but we will also make sure that we continue to add a value proposition that's warranted.
Bill Giles: I think that the MFT, like we said, was like you articulated, was 20 to 25 basis point impact on gross margin. When we roll out the distribution centers, just by the geographic nature of where they get rolled out, our anticipation is that some of the transportation cost savings will wind up offsetting a big chunk of that. So there may be a little bit of deleverage from the start-up perspective, but on an ongoing perspective, we would not expect the new distribution centers to really deleverage gross margin in any meaningful way.
Bill Giles: Yes. I think on the parts complexity, there's probably a natural inflation, right, that occurs from a technology perspective that we have seen over time and continue to see. So that helps us a little bit from inflationary perspective. On commodity or a cost basis, we have seen very little inflation. In fact, in some cases, deflation. So from that perspective, on an average transaction value, we would say that we have seen little benefit and possibly a slight deterioration from commodity based prices. And then that's been offset by some enhancements or increase, if you will, from technology inflation that always exist. So actually when you think about it over the last three years, our comp store sales, same with the industry, has probably not been helped by inflation. Inflation usually can be a help in terms of same-store sales and that just hasn't existed over the last couple of years.
Bill Giles: I would say on AutoZone, it's going to grow at a faster rate slightly than the retail business, but you are right, Matt, it is less than a 5% business. It's growing a little bit. But our emphasis and focus on autozone.com is about providing customers with information because in more cases than not, they are executing that transaction in a store or even through a buy online, pick up in store or a visit to the store after they have visited the website. So we will continue to execute commerce on our website and we will continue to make it a better site in order to do that. But the real emphasis is creating that whole omnichannel experience for the customer between getting online, getting information and getting to the stores.
Bill Giles: Probably to some extent. But you are right about AutoAnything. One of the real competitive differentiators is the online chat and the call center and the ability to help customers through more complicated transactions. And also to back on to, I think it was Michael's question before, I mean, the average transaction value on AutoAnything is dramatically even in what we experience in the store. So keep in mind that the majority of things that we are selling are way less than $100 per unit items and so they are significantly smaller tickets.
Bill Giles: Yes. I think we will continue to enhance the zone site and continue to bring more and more functionality enhancements. But those two sites will always be positioned differently because one is strictly an online-only website and the other has the over 5,000 stores with 84,000 people being able to provide great customer service. So it's a different value prop.
