Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We are pleased this morning to report our 33rd consecutive quarter of double digit EPS growth growing this quarter at a rate of 15.6%. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. At the end of the day our customers have choices and we must innovate to ensure they turn to us for the rate of corporate needs. As we continue to invest in our businesses and monitor the results from our ongoing inventory initiatives, we are optimistic about our future. We feel like we continue to be on the right track. Again we’re excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment, hub stores, commercial growth Mexico, all data, e-commerce Brazil and now IMC. Our long term model is to grow new stores square footage at a low single digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore we look to grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single digit range or better in terms of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares enhancing our earnings per share growth in the double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady consistent strategy is correct. It is the intention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance.  In the end, delivering strong EPS growth in ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are pleased with our results this past year, but we must remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. Now we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: That’s a terrific question. I think I would say the -- has moved modestly I don’t want to send the message that we’ve changed our investment profile significantly. But working with our terrific Board of Directors we’ve made a decision to take on a little bit more risk and diversify our portfolio a little bit and you mentioned -- all the winning thing is also another great example of that which has allowed us much better insights into the online retail market and provided us with another great team and a good solid business. I think you asked also, which one do we think is the biggest as most potential, I would tell you that inventory availability has the most potential, because it impacts roughly $8 billion of our revenue today. IMC and all the winning thing are clearly smaller businesses and good solid businesses in growth aspects but the inventory availability initiatives can also significantly impact the overall business. Also let out that we’ve been growing in Brazil as well and as we mentioned it’s cost us significant amount of money and operating loss is down there as we try to get stand up and go on but at the same time that happen when we were in Mexico initially now we seat here with over 400 stores in a very solid business model in Mexico.
Bill Rhodes: This is terrific question. I’ll give you some color on it, but the reason we’re not saying it today here is what we’re going to do is because we don’t know all of those answers yet. So on delivery frequency for instance we tested two times a week, we’ve tested three times a week, we’ve tested five times a week. We don’t know what the right answer is yet. The cost profile of going twice a week is very different and going five times a week. Similarly with mega hubs we’re finding how far can we go out on a same day basis versus an overnight basis and the cost profile is very different. I’ll tell you that I would not expect this initiative would be EBIT margin accretive, in fact I would expect it to be dilutive I can’t tell you today how much it will dilutive I wouldn’t expect massively dilutive, but it’s hard when you hold yourself to a 19% roughly annual EBIT margin to say you’re going to do new initiatives that are going to meet that. We do not want to hold ourselves for that standard.
Bill Rhodes: Well the most were attempting today’s five times I wouldn’t call it daily. But we would be able to briefs the networks that we think we need to reach on a two to five time a week basis from, if we added that those three distribution centers.
Bill Rhodes: No we haven’t because we’re testing around the 150 stores and we’re testing with different profiles. And frankly the results were mix were all positive but the range of results were different, different markets are performing different ways. So we need to get a better handle on it that’s why we’re going to expand the test to further validate our results. These are big decisions that we will make and we’re taking our time to make sure we make the right decisions. 
Bill Rhodes: Sure on the number of locations we think we will have over a 100 at some point of time not see like anybody else would have more than we do. So that will be our plan overtime but we’re going to open a handful this year, this is a new business for us, new endeavor for us and we’re going to work with the IMC team to figure out how can invest leverage each other and open a few make sure that we get the performance that we want and then we will accelerate from them.
Bill Rhodes: Well just to clarify we will be doing multiple times a day from our hub stores and our mega hubs in those markets. And so I don’t think we would be if we win a five times a week I don’t think we would be at any competitive disadvantages at that point in time.
Bill Rhodes: I don’t know the answer to that yet Dan. But what I do know is this will be a material change in our ability to fulfill our customers need. We are seeing significant improvements in sales performance my personal expectations is that we’ll grow overtime as our commercial customers in particular experience us being all to fill their needs at higher level. And I think it can make a big difference Whether or not that's a silver bullet I don’t think there is a silver bullet I think we’ve got to stick to our net and continue to improved business every day and get letter.
Bill Rhodes: That’s not a former we want to talk about anything in particular. But obviously during the quarter we believe we had a onetime non-recurring cost and just you pointed is roughly about 22 basis points SG&A for just this quarter. 
Bill Rhodes: Clearly we had terrific performance last year in the second quarter. We saw in specific categories the weather related categories performed exceedingly well. However, some of the other categories did not perform well. We talked about that last year in the second quarter. So it's going to be, the weather is going what it's going to be. There is not material changes that we need to make our business. So we are going to just go up and slug it up the best we can. Gas prices really dropped precipitously just recently and we are beginning to see some of the benefits. I expect the benefits to be bigger overtime if they remain at these levels or even go over but as far as comparing the two I think you have just as good insight on that as I do.
Bill Rhodes: I think it's too early for us to tell. As I mentioned our performance so far, with everything is performing well but there's a pretty wide band of how they are performing. I also think it's going to take time just because we are proving availability it's going to take time to further deepen those relationships with our commercial customers. I think we are doing a lot of great things in our commercial business as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. We've grown commercial double digits for five straight quarters and I think that's pretty impressive and also we will continue to do this. 
Bill Rhodes: We can internally. We don't necessarily discuss it externally. I think the key is to focus on for this quarter is that we've obviously improved the productivity of our commercial programs on an average weekly sale basis which is along the way as we measure some 8,500 versus 8,300 last year. We're seeing a high single digit growth out of our material programs, so we feel pretty good about the programs as they mature and we recognize the 30% of our overall programs three years old and younger. And so there will continue to be some cannibalization on those more from just transferring mature customers around, but overall we feel pretty good about the growth rates that we’ve achieved on commercial and we feel pretty good about the trend rates that we’ve seen on commercial.
Bill Rhodes: One of the things we thought weather was probably worth around a point or so. I think from a GAAP perspective or lower fuel cost as Bill mentioned before, lot of that happen late in the quarter so I suspect that benefited some. So those items and I think the progression you saw from comp store sales in really a result of lot of the initiatives that we put in place and we think back on inventory optimization the algorithms that we changed that inventory into the stores et cetera now that take itself for just about a little over a year now. We feel pretty good about that and as mentioned before on many of these initiatives it’s going to take time for the customers to recognize the changes that we’ve made. So that inventory optimization is a great example of one where it took several months and now we believe that we’re starting to see some benefits they can drive results.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, that we don’t really look at it that way. We’re kind of looking at how we’re doing right now this past quarter and what we have in front of us and as Bill mentioned before clearly next quarter has a high comp because we have some severe weather and that impacted a lot of failure related categories in lot of the northeast market, at the same time there are lot of maintenance categories that underperformed and there were market outside of the northeast that underperform. So we’ll have to wait and see how it all shakes out but we think that there is opportunities from a category in region perspective and if gas prices stay down that can only be helpful.
Bill Rhodes: Intellectually a little bit, we would expect to see some deflation that we haven’t seen it yet. So there is some little bit of deflation at oil, there are other categories that have experienced some inflation still on the whole. We’ve seen relatively the nine inflation or deflation in total we have to wait and see how it shake out, right now we don’t really see a big change.
Bill Rhodes: I think it’s a good question Matt I think that obviously we have the legal insurance to put IMC cost and there we didn’t call out, expose things our which probably get flat SG&A rate year-over-year but you had a 4.5 comp. So you’d expect to have had some leverage on SG&A above that I would think it’s a way to think through that is we probably at a little bit from a discretionary perspective and that’s a much discretionary as these inventory initiatives although we haven’t quantify them. There are a little bit headwind from an operating cost perspective and we would expect those to continue over the next couple of quarters as we continue access those out. So there are some dollars there I’m not going to quantify exactly what the percentages are but I think we can run flattish for the quarter if willing back out some of those items and then probably had a little bit of investments on our initiatives. 
Bill Rhodes: I would say not as we speak I think we think of them in growth note and so they’ve got some immature businesses. We’re going to continue to invest in those businesses et cetera. And so we will need to improve the profitability of IMC and then more importantly we also need to overtime help our own commercial customers through IMC product. 
Bill Rhodes: Yes obviously that’s probably close to what you’re thinking before versus probably a mid-single digit kind of a number. But the bigger opportunity would be the broader base.
Bill Rhodes: I think it was both and I’ve talk about it earlier. The ticket for on the less from year it’s been really quick it’s being continuing to grow it’s been some due. And let trend changed back to the time normalize trends this quarter. But traffic also improved as we’re looking and talking about the acceleration from Q4 I’d also remind as us all that, nobody was really happy with Q4 and remember this July was really poor and August was poor as well. So I wouldn’t necessarily the base line if you will.
Bill Rhodes: Yes I think our merchandizing organization pretend this to do a great job both and identifying new vendors for existing product where we can reduce our cost in direct import opportunities overseas, doing things directly or finding new vendors overseas as well. So I think the merchandizing organization is done a great job from flowing our acquisition costs. Haven’t seen in total lot of deflation necessarily but we haven’t seen inflation either obviously. Going forward right now our expectations is that there won’t be much deflation or inflation but clearly in some categories we expect we’ll be all to the deflation. I think overall be relatively flat.
Bill Rhodes: Our 10 granted products was value throughout the last year last 12 products see max are represent to serve a 50% of all of our sales.
Bill Rhodes: Before we conclude the call, I’d just like to take a moment to reiterate that we have a long and strong heritage of consistent impressive performance. While we are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have choices. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today’s call. And we like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous New Year. Thank you. 
Bill Giles: I think that’s a question that we’re asking ourselves right now if so we have a distribution center in Dallas, Texas and we have a $70,000 store in Dallas going there five times a week seems pretty easy. But we have to far go North Dakota does it makes sense to go five times week? Those are question that we just haven’t answered at this point. 
Bill Giles: And then from the capital perspective on the stores or the locations are typically non-retail and more warehouse locations so there are typically certainly less than retail locations with cost.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think that's a good question. I think if you look at it over the last several years, we obviously had some benefits on working capital and you look at AP to inventory. And as we've kind of headlined over the last several quarters, that we feel great about where we are from AP to inventory ratio well over a 100% and we think there is some moderate opportunities for us to continue to improve AP to inventory but we do not anticipate having the kind of increases in AP to inventory going forward that we experienced over the last several years, some of that attributed to helping us from a share repurchase perspective. I think relative to capital investments in terms of distributions et cetera, as Bill mentioned, we may add two to three distribution centers of the next several years and we still have work to do to determine whether when we will do it, how many we will do it et cetera. But also keep in mind that we would have added one or two distribution centers overtime anyway just to support our footprint across the United States, I mean you can clearly get out of map and see that we really don't have a lot of distribution capabilities necessarily in the North West relatively to the amount of stores we've opened over the last five years.  So some of that is inherent in our model overall. So we will give you a little bit more color on the inventory initiative over the next couple of quarters as we finish up the test and have the better plan. I think from a share repurchase perspective, we think we are in a pretty good position right now and we will continue to seek opportunities to improve working capital but I think that's kind of gap existing over the last several years. 
Bill Giles: I am sure there are some things in there nothing significant to be excited at the moment. I mean one thing for sure that we want to make sure we're doing is looking down the road, so we're going to continue to make sure that we are making information system investments in order to support our growth long-term both domestically and internationally. We are very diligent about according our pledge making sure that our stores look right and are going to continue to invest in our maintenance and training of our AutoZoners. So there will be opportunities for us to eat the CapEx a little but we will definitely have some costs relative to distribution centers.
