William Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We are pleased to report a solid first quarter, delivering 3.4% same-store sales growth, while strong was in line with our expectations. Over the last five quarters or so, we have made incremental operating expense investments in our business with an expectation that we would improve our competitive position and therefore, increase market share in both sectors accelerating our sales growth. We’ve been pleased with those investments, which were primarily in labor and technology. Our labor investments have resulted in reduced turnover of our most tenured knowledgeable customer-facing AutoZoners. And as we begin to deploy these new technologies, we expect them to enhance the customer and AutoZoners experience. In fiscal 2019, we shared well in advance that we would have accelerating SG&A expenses, which would lead to reduced EBIT growth for the fiscal year. We delivered on that commitment and slightly overperformed our expectations regarding EBIT in 2019. As we embark on fiscal 2020, we still have elements of our expense structure that are growing faster than historical rates. But our expectation is to have higher than historical sales growth like we have experienced in the last several quarters. For fiscal 2020, our expectation is the higher expected sales growth, will lead to EBIT growth rates above the last four quarters and approaching our more typical low to single – mid single-digit levels. For the New Year, we must continue to execute consistently at a high level, which we believe is in our line of sight. We understand we must adhere to living the pledge and doing what is right for customers. We cannot take our eye off of execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must keep managing to our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. For the remainder of the year, we have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives and we will remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary task that get in the way of making the customer experience better, both for do-it-yourself customer and the professional customers. We believe our industry’s fundamentals will remain solid as we see positive year-over-year miles-driven statistics and the aging vehicle characteristics in our markets continued to encourage us about the New Year. We remain focused on growing our DIY business and continuing to grow our commercial business well in excess of industry growth rates. We believe our balanced earnings and cash-generating model allows us to deliver steady growth as our history suggests. We promised to remain committed to both executing our strategies and getting better every single day. I would like to take this opportunity to again recognize and thank our team of talented, dedicated, passionate AutoZoners for what they do each and every day for our customers, which expands opportunities for AutoZoners, allows us to support the communities we serve and ultimately rewards our shareholders. Now we’d like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Yes. Thank you. Well, regarding the – where the growth is coming from, I’m even mentioned in our prepared remarks that we’re seeing significant growth from mature customers who happen to be in mature programs. So most of the growth that we’re seeing and most of the change in the growth that we’re seeing is coming from existing customers that we’ve had, whether they were up and down the street or national account customers. We’re just penetrating those customers much deeper than we were before. Regarding where we go from here. Obviously, we don’t have a crystal ball. But I will tell you when we look back over this acceleration over the last five quarters, it has not been one thing. It has been due to several different initiatives that we’ve had in place and frankly, been in the works for several years, whether that’s inventory assortment improvements, where that’s getting our store managers and district managers involved, whether it’s they building the reputation and the brand of the Duralast products that we sell, there has been a whole host of different things that we believe have contributed to this growth. We don’t know what’s going to happen in the future, but we do know that we have several other initiatives in front of us on the commercial front, particularly technology initiatives that we have not rolled out yet and we’re excited about what the prospects of those initiatives will mean in the future.
William Rhodes: Yes. It’s really hard to see it. Certainly, in certain product categories, we’ve seen the tariffs come in and they’ve been meaningful. But we have not taken the full cost impact because of our weighted average cost accounting model. So those costs come in over time as the inventory turns. So we have moved our retails up, as I said, in tranches. And when we’ve seen them go up, we have seen some elasticity of demand in certain categories, not a ton. At the end of the day, when we look at the impact of the inflation in the retails and the elasticity, we don’t think net-net, it’s having a significant impact on our business yet. But again, we still have a long way to go, because we haven’t absorbed all those costs and then who knows where the tariffs go from here.
William Rhodes: Yes. Michael, I would say, I had the same optimism I have had for about 25 years. I believe in the retail business. There – there’s a lot of people, as I mentioned, that think that the retail business is going away that it’s declining and the commercial business is rapidly growing. If you go back to our 1991 Annual Report, we are trying to dispute the myth that the retail business is declining. I’m trying to continue to dispel that myth. And the easiest way for me to do is talk about what has transpired over the last 25 quarters. 25 quarters, 21 of them have had positive same-store sales for AutoZone. Now I don’t know what other people are experiencing. But I also mentioned enough, continued to mention that our retail business, in particular, it does not fluctuate that much quarter-to-quarter. It- our performance is in a pretty tight band. Now this quarter, we did particularly well, especially if you consider the shift, the calendar shift that impacted us, that would have been one of our stellar quarters. We’re also going to have quarters that aren’t as strong. That’s just the nature of the business, but it trades from slightly down to up one or two points. And it’s been doing that for as long as I’ve been in this business.
William Rhodes: I think you’re going to continue to see it come from those smaller folks, it’s what’s happened overall. When I got in this business, there were about 35,000 auto parts outlets. Today, there’s about 35,000 auto parts outlets. Now a lot more of them are in the hands of us and our close-in competitors. But there’s still a whole lot out there that aren’t by us.
William Rhodes: As I’ve said in the prepared remarks, we’re going to continue to have elevated SG&A expenses. We’ve spent a lot of time working on some substantial new technology-oriented initiatives that frankly you haven’t seen yet. And therefore, we haven’t begun to expense them yet. They’re showing up through the capital expense line. But because we haven’t deployed them, we’re not depreciating them. Those are coming. There’s some on the DIY side, like I mentioned, the new POS system. We also have several on the commercial side that will be coming over the next six months or so.
William Rhodes: Yes. What I’m trying to say is, remember, DIY does – it trades in a very tight band. We had a strong quarter this quarter. I don’t know what’s going to happen next quarter or the quarter after that. But overall, we believe in the long-term health of the DIY business. That’s the message that I’m trying to make sure that we convey. I also want to put an exclamation point of something else that I said in the script. And that is that the second quarter is always very volatile. And part of it has to do with when the quarter ends, it ends right around Valentine’s Day, which is when the season shift, when tax refunds begin to hit the marketplace. So I don’t know what’s going to happen in the second quarter. It’s always volatile and we just want to make sure everybody realizes that.
William Rhodes: I think it’s accelerating as the entire business accelerates. The point that we’re trying to make sure is that the biggest change that we’ve seen over the last six quarters or so has been our mature customer growth has changed significantly.
William Rhodes: Well, our confidence isn’t going to determine whether we’re successful or not unfortunately. I think, we certainly have a higher level of confidence, because we’ve done it for five quarters. I would say more importantly than that, we are encouraged by the initiatives that we have in front of us. Now you said something I want to make sure that I’m not saying. I’m not saying our sales are going to accelerate from here in commercial, I don’t know. But I feel like we will continue to outperform the industry by hopefully a substantial margin. That’s 10% or 15%, I don’t know, but I’m really excited about the initiatives that we have in front of us. And the – basically, the momentum that we’re building in the marketplace from our inventory availability to the power of the Duralast brand to service that our customers are seeing from our AutoZoners just, as I’ve talked to customers, I see a whole different level of confidence that our customers have in us and our ability to service their needs.
William Rhodes: Yes. I mean, we feel terrific about the Duralast brand, which is the largest brand – about the largest brand in aftermarket auto parts and we have over 50% of our sales come from our private label products. And the merchandising organization has done a terrific job of continuing to expand that brand across categories. And it continues to have a very high penetration and it’s very well received by the customers, both on the DIY side and on the commercial side both. And so our expectation is that we’ll continue to develop the brand, broaden it out, continue to find further opportunities in other categories where we can do further line extensions on Duralast and Valucraft and Duralast Gold brand all together.
William Rhodes: I think on some of those would be, some of the ones that are more dominated by national brands, for example, in oil and those kinds of categories that maybe they’re already is an existing dominant national brand. But in many categories, we find that there continues to be significant opportunities from both Duralast and other private label products that we have.
William Rhodes: Yes. I mean, your math is right. And I would say that gross margin, we feel good about. I mean this quarter, we had a relatively flat, I think, was up 8 basis points on gross margin. So we feel pretty good about our ability to be able to continue to manage gross margin. Obviously, we get continued pressures from tariffs, et cetera. But the merchandising organization has done a great job of continuing to find opportunities to lower our costs. So we feel pretty good about the health of gross margin. And yes, on the SG&A front, we’re going to continue to make the investments that we have made, many of which are focused on wages, as well as technology over the long haul. And so we expect there to be a little bit of pressure on that. But again, as Bill mentioned before, and we’ve mentioned, that our goal is to continue to grow EBIT on a low-to-mid single-digit over the long-term.
William Rhodes: Yes. I would say on the megahub markets, I mean, we continue to see good performance out of them and not to dissect it too much. But it depends on how broad the market is and how close then the market is. And keep in mind that we only have 37 megahubs today. And frankly, the vast majority of them are relatively immature. So I think, we’re still identifying what we believe to be the maturation curve from a sales perspective on megahubs. But we continue to be encouraged by the year-over-year improvements that the megahubs perform. Hubs have a little bit more maturity to them. But again, we’re doing things that are helping drive the business overall adding more inventory, et cetera. So it becomes a little non-comparable when you look at some of the hubs today versus where they were like maybe five years ago in terms of what we’ve done inside the box to be able to drive sales. So the short answer is that, the maturation curve of both hubs and megahubs is still evolving. We continue to be very pleased with the investments that we’re making and see that the improvements that we can drive and we will continue to invest in that category.
William Rhodes: Yes. I would say, I don’t think that we’re – I think the margin for commercial continues to remain healthy and there are obviously opportunities for us to improve margin on both sides of the business. But at the same time, keep in mind, that we’re growing commercial at a rapid rate, but we’re also making some investments and that’s helping drive that. So over the long-term, I would expect margins to improve as some of those investments become more mature. But over the shorter-term, I would expect our margins to remain stable.
William Rhodes: All great questions. I just keep going back to – it trades in such a tight band that it’s really hard to say. We certainly think lower gas mileage is beneficial. We think miles-driven increases are beneficial. But there’s so minuscule that they’re just not big drivers of the business overall. We think the most important driver of what happens with the DIY business is what our AutoZoner do to provide great service to our customers. And I think we’re doing a really, really good job of that right now. The morale of this organization of our teams in our stores, in particular, they know they’re winning. They feel like they’re winning. They feel good about it. And I think that that’s translating into better service, which is translating into better performance.
William Rhodes: Yes, that’s a great question. Most of those investments take time. And so there’s a lot of things in the pipeline. So we might like to accelerate some of them, but there is a certain amount that we can digest as an organization. There’s a certain pace at which we can develop those initiatives. So we will continue to work hard. We will continue to drive them where we can. But I expect it to be a little bit more steady state.
William Rhodes: We have filed some exceptions, don’t know all the answers at this point in time. Some of them would impact us in a beneficial way if we were able to get them.
William Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I’d just like to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our business model continues to be solid. We’re excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we’re confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. We thank you for participating in today’s call. And we’d like to wish our AutoZoners and everyone on the call a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous New Year. Thank you very much.
William Giles: Yes. I think overall, I mean, our objective, as Bill said, is over the long-term to grow our EBIT at a low to mid single-digit rate. We’ve got a fair number of investments that were current that we’ve made and that we’re currently working on, as Bill highlighted, many in technology. And many, for example, in the hubs and megahubs, which we’ve had terrific results on and we’ll continue to invest in hubs and megahubs, which will also elevate some of our inventory levels as well. So we’re going to continue to invest in the business as we gained momentum. I think, we have a fairly long track record of being able to manage, both margin and expenses in light of this kind of sales performance that we’re producing and we continue to expect to do that over the long haul.
William Giles: Yes. I think it depends on what happens in that week in February, as I’ve talked about a couple of times already. That particular point in the calendar is very volatile. The last time we had this, it was very favorable to our second quarter results. We don’t know what will happen this time. But we’ll let you know, it could easily be favorable or it could easily be unfavorable, just depends on that – what happens right around Valentine’s Day.
William Giles: I don’t think we’ll be back towards sales in coming quarters. You have some inflation baked in there as well on the inventory. And then again, I think a couple of points that I’m going to refer that Bill pointed out highest in-stock level ever with a corporation, continued investments in hub and megahubs, again, inventory closer into the customer wins and we’re going to continue to go down that path. We want to continue to maintain our AP to inventory ratio above a 100% and we have successfully. I think that we’ll probably be at this level a little bit lower maybe, but not certainly at a sales growth rate.
