Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. While we had a strong sales quarter, we know we have much work to do to finish this year strong. The summer months generate a large percentage of our annual sales and we’ll be opening up a substantial portion of our new stores, commercial programs and mega hubs during the fourth quarter. We also have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives this upcoming quarter. We also have we remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary task that get in the way of making the customer experience better for both the do-it-yourself customer and the professional customer. We believe our industry’s fundamentals will remain strong as miles driven are expected to increase over the remainder of the year. This upcoming quarter, we are laser focused on executing our game plan. We are excited about our balanced model for growth around domestic retail and commercial, international, online and Pick-Up In-Store. We believe our hubs and mega hubs, Mexico, ALLDATA and digital can all grow their top lines for the remainder of 2019. To execute at a high level, we must adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and thoughtful execution. Services always been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will be long into the future. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and to continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC, each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 40 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now, we would like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, terrific question, Chris. It’s both, frankly. We will be adding mega hubs in smaller markets than we envisioned originally and will also be adding to density in some of the largest markets. As we said all along, since we’ve introduced these mega hubs, they continually have outperformed our expectations. So frankly, the analysis that we did four years or five years ago when we started them, said, we can only do 25 to 40 as they – as their performance has improved, they’ve allowed us to go to these other markets.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, and I don’t really want to get into too much on week to week comparisons. As you know in this business, weather matters, especially on a weekly or geographic area – certain geographies. I don’t want to spend too much time on it. We feel confident that we’re continuing to build momentum in the commercial business. Now, when you talk about comps, we are up against tougher commercial growth in the fourth quarter of last year. That’s not lost on us, but this is not about a quarter or two. This is about a long-term growth model.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, first of all, I think, as we’ve rolled out the ones that we have to-date, we haven’t called out the mega hub cost is a significant contributor to our cost structure. Clearly, it’s more expensive. The first ones that we did, we were able to go into – in many cases existing excess space that we already had. As we go to the next ones, we’ll be having to take down a little bit more real estate or additional lease space next to a store that we already have. So there will be costs, but I don’t think, it’ll be meaningful costs that we’re calling out as a key contributor to our performance.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, as we expand from 25 to 40 to 70 to 90 mega hubs, it’s not going to add a substantial amount, of additional stores to have access to that inventory. Over 90% of our stores today have access to the mega hub inventory. What it will do is it will shorten the lead time, many of those stores today will get it on 3 time a day basis, some of them will get it once a day basis and others will get it overnight. As we expand this, we will go to more stores that have access 3 times a day and fewer stores that have access overnight. But there will always be stores that have access overnight, because they are simply too far from the mega hub. I think what held us back. Frankly, we would love to be farther along the mega hubs today that the big challenge with this is, these are big boxes and they take time to get them to find the right real estate and to develop that real estate. We will have the same experience as we go from our 28 today up to 70 to 90 mega hubs. It will take us some time. I would say what changed was the economics changed. We are getting more productivity out of the existing box of the mega hub itself and we’re getting more productivity out of the stores that are adjacent and feeding off of that box, particularly the stores that have access 3 times a day or in the local market. So just the economies – the economics changed and made it more beneficial for us to do it.
Bill Rhodes: I do think if I can add on the I do think, and I’ve commented earlier, we are going to have increased technology spending for the foreseeable future. And today, I think we are also continuing to see that the wage market is probably different than it was five to seven years ago because you have the regulated markets that are continuing to march toward $15 an hour and then you have other markets that there are market pressures from other retailers that are moving those wages up. So, I think, we will continue to have not at the level that we experienced this year, but I believe, we will continue to have wage pressures and information technology accelerated spending.
Bill Rhodes: Terrific question, Brian. I would tell you that it’s the culmination of about four years worth of very focused work. If you recall, we reupped our strategy in 2008 and had a nice run with that and then about four years ago, we knew we had to come up with the next leg of what our strategy looks like. We did a tremendous amount of work, most focused on improving our product assortments, leaning into the commercial business. We did things like multiple frequency of delivery we expanded and improved the assortment that we have in our satellite stores and in our hub stores. We added mega hubs which we didn’t have four, five years ago and on and on. We’ve really improved the product assortments, focused very much on commercial. Then over the last year and we’re beginning to annualize that right now, we really ramped up the engagement of our store operating teams. I will put our operating teams up against anybody out there, they can execute like nobody’s business and we really take that execution focus and dialed it into commercial, where before for the most part, the Commercial Sales Manager and the TSM were the direct contact with the customers, now we’ve enhanced that, by adding the Store Manager and the District Managers. And our Store Managers are phenomenal customer service people and when they’re going out making these sales calls, they’re finding out what are we doing right and where do we have opportunities for improvement, and they’re coming back and leading the store team in that direction. So that’s to us what is enhanced our performance.
Bill Rhodes: I’ll start with the latter question, not that I can think of off the top of my head and we have dealt with over many, many years significant increases because so many of the products we sell are significant commodity-based products. So, we’ve dealt with oil shocks, we’ve dealt with lead price increases, we’ve dealt with steel price increases. Many times, those have come pretty quick and we have been able to pass those cost along to our consumers. But let me be the first to say, we are not pleased about the tariffs. We are concerned about what that will do not so much to AutoZone or our business, but more to what it would mean to the U.S. economy. But we have a strong history of being able to say, OK, we can pass those on to our customers. It’s one of the beauties of being in a relatively inelastic demand business.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, that’s a very difficult question to say. We have a significant amount, of products that come out of China. We don’t direct import a ton, less than 10%, but we have a lot of importers that bring it in from China and then we also have a lot of our products where the components are being manufactured in China and the products are being assembled here. So, we have significant exposure to products that are sourced from China whether we do it or somebody else does it.
Bill Rhodes: The one places where it wasn’t healthy were the markets that were impacted by hurricanes the previous year and we’re lapping those significant growth. So that’s Puerto Rico, Houston, South Florida all those areas, that was where we were the weakest.
Bill Rhodes: We really haven’t got into specifics on the mix of what it is but the growth of both of them was very encouraging. Our up and down the street business is growing very well and our national account business is growing well also.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, we really focus the most on traffic and ticket than the DIY business. Obviously, we’re growing both in the commercial side of the business. Our DIY traffic and ticket trends were not significantly different than they have been. We have a long-standing challenge with transaction count and that’s being made up with a long-standing growth in average ticket. Those trends were not meaningfully different this quarter than they have been.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We turned them off, I think around February 1st, and we turned it back on in the latter part of August. And there still stay on today. The FedEx next-day delivery program has really been a great addition to us. It’s not the biggest program, I said in our prepared remarks, that our total digital business is less than 5%, substantially less, but it’s been a nice addition and it’s been a great way for us to surprise and delight customers. So, we’ve been very pleased with that.
Bill Rhodes: Terrific question. Yes. First on the commercial side, it’s pretty clear that we’re taking substantial market share. The market has grown 4%, 4.5% and we are growing close to 15% and that’s a pretty significant change. And a lot of focus on the commercial side comes, what’s happening with us and our close end competitors. I would change the dialog, if you added the big three together, we only have about 10% market share. There is 90% of other market share out there and to me, that’s where our focus needs to be is how do we enhance our position so that we can grab more and more of that market share over time. And I think the mega hubs play perfectly into that as we are substantially changing our product assortment in the local market, that’s taking away an advantage that was typically held by the warehouse distributors. On the retail side, we are continuing to see that our share gains are accelerating, they are not massive, but they are accelerating. Clearly, the entire industry has taken share away from the mom and pops over a long period of time. If you look at the number of outlets that sell parts in the United States, it’s been around 35,000 outlets since I got in this business almost 25 years ago, that doesn’t change – what doesn’t change even though us and our competitors are opening more and more programs, there is a natural consolidation that happens on the independent side. Will it continue for the future? We certainly hope so.
Bill Rhodes: Well, I would say first of all that in the 2017 and 2018 time period, there was a lot of focus on the fact that our sales trajectory had changed radically and I have spent a lot of time talking about how tight the band of our sales performance has been since 2013. It’s really within a couple of 100 basis points. We are going to have really good quarters and we are going to have more challenging quarters, but they are still going to be within a pretty tight band. The one difference that we have today and we will see if it’s sustainable or not is we are growing our commercial business at a much accelerated rate. You talk about 2017 and ‘18 we went down into single-digit growth there. Now that we have had it in double-digits and this time close to 15%, that’s making a meaningful difference. We will have to see if we can sustain that level or even continue to grow it from here. That will be the question.
Bill Rhodes: Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I would like to take a moment and call out that we will celebrate AutoZone’s 40th anniversary on July 4. The old adage rings true, that we have come a long way since back then. But in the spirit of our Founders’ vision, we remain focused on providing exceptional service and going the extra mile. Our business model continues to be solid and we are excited about the rest of the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We will continue to execute on our game plan, but I want to stress that this is a marathon, and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. We thank you for your interest in our company and for participating on today’s call. And in recognition of the upcoming Memorial Day holiday, we want to recognize and say thank you to those who have served our country past and present. We are grateful for the freedoms your service has ensured. Have a great day.
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about the mega hub expansion you’re roughly doubling the target. So couple of questions there, is the list that you’re seeing better than what you saw prior and any quantification. And then just structurally, is this a market expansion i.e. you were targeting 40 markets, now you are going to 80 or you are actually building and density that cuts drive time to replenish then – satellite stores and directly fulfill more customer orders.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then in terms of the commercial business, Bill, you mentioned that you are quite pleased with the momentum heading into the fourth quarter. Sorry to parse this out. But is that a comment on April on the strong finish to 3Q or is that a comment on May because arguably April was – I think the – one of the easiest comparison to the year and May, flips up to be the one of the hardest.
Christopher Horvers: Understood and one quick last one. On the gross margin, was there a benefit from lower product acquisition costs that offset some of the mix headwinds, the past two quarters, I think it was about 40 basis points of lower product acquisition costs.
Bill Giles: A little bit, but I mean, we still had some inflation as Bill mentioned overall. I think, probably the one thing that impacted gross margin as we highlighted was just the increased penetration of the commercial business, overall. But we continue to believe there are opportunities within gross margin to lower acquisition costs as we continue to increase our direct importing activity.
Bill Giles: Yes, that’s a good question. I think that it will be a function of how fast commercial continues to grow. So that will continue to put a little bit of pressure on us. Look the way we think about it is our margin overall is relatively healthy across our businesses. We continue to have opportunities to improve it, but we recognize that the – one of our lower margin business is growing significantly faster and we’re thrilled with that. That’s exactly our objective and that’s exactly what we’re trying to accomplish.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think that this year is the peak. I think, we’ll staff some overlay next year. Keep in mind that many of the investments that we’ve put in place last year really kicked in at the very end of Q1 of this year. So, we will wrap that around a little bit in Q1, but yes, I think that the investments will peak out a little bit this year and we’ll continue to moderate as we move forward.
Bill Giles: Yes, I would say that probably one of the primary things that we’re focused on is making sure that we are easy to do business with and so, whether that be returning products, paying bills, looking at account information, making sure they have all the product information that they need, their history, etcetera. That’s probably the first place we’re starting. We always have opportunities to be able to introduce new customers to pricing depending on their spending level and so a new customer may be able to get better pricing, if they have a commitment on certain spending level not unlike existing customers as well. So, there’s opportunities for those, but the bigger play is really our ability to connect with the customer, have a more personal relationship with them, both electronically as well as having our field people out talking to the commercial customers every day and being able to be an easier place to do business with.
Bill Giles: Well, depending on what happens and a lot of other factors then you would have to assume it will be slightly lower than it is today just from a math perspective. The commercial business does operate at a lower margin, but if we can grow that at that rate, that would be outstanding because we would really be driving operating profit dollars.
Bill Giles: It wasn’t significant as it has been in quarters, where we’ve had a lot of divergence, but it was probably in the 100 to 150 basis point range.
Bill Giles: I would say, probably, to be honest with you, it was really pretty even across the country. I thought it is 100 to 150 basis points between those ones that we highlighted and the ones that we didn’t. But otherwise, I would say, for the most part, take the big geographic areas of the country, it was pretty healthy across most of the country. So it was pretty encouraging.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think it all goes into the same bucket. I mean, it’s an input cost to overall costs and it will probably contribute to general inflation if we see a lot of wage pressure, it won’t be just about AutoZone, but probably be general inflation across the U.S. industries. So again, history would imply that we have some successful both individually as an industry and passing along increased cost to the consumers. So, that’s how we will continue to focus on, but yes, there will continue to be cost pressures whether it would be wage rates, interest rates, utility cost or whatever.
Bill Giles: Yes. Keep in mind, when it was 90 and 115 basis points, you had probably about a 70 basis point plus impact from AutoAnything and IMC, but I hear the question. So I would say that yes, some of it was product mix as well and some of it as customer mix as well within commercial. But I would say overall that our margin was probably a little below of what we expected, but not significantly. So we would expect it to be a little bit of pressure as the commercial business continues to grow and we expect to find opportunities to try to offset that with improvements through our merchandising organization.
