Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere. We are proud of the results our team delivered in the second quarter. But we must, we must continue to be focused on superior customer service and flawless execution. Execution and our culture of always putting the customer first is what defines us. As Jamere said a moment ago, we continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, on our own opportunities for the remainder of the year. We will continue to invest in initiatives that drive an appropriate return on capital and we continue investing where our returns are the highest. For the remainder of fiscal 2023, we are launching some very exciting initiatives. This year not only we would be opening roughly 200 stores across the U.S., Mexico and Brazil, but we will be opening many more mega-hub and hub stores, and we are focused on initiatives to continue driving strong performance in both our retail and commercial businesses. For the remainder of 2023, we are keenly focused on relentless execution. We will not accept shortcuts. We remain focused on achieving our store opening goals, both domestically and internationally. We are working diligently to expand and enhance our supply chain and we have to achieve this growth, all while managing our costs appropriately. Simply said, we have to focus on exceptional execution in order to drive continued share gains. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like in three to four years from now and we welcome and accept that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, on AutoZone, which is led by AutoZoners. Now we would like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. It’s a fantastic question, Bret. I will start, and Jamere, you are welcome to build on it if you want to. First of all, I think, it’s important for you all to understand, as we saw these enormous spikes in the freight cost, we did not pass all those costs along. I will use brake rotors, for instance. I mean the cost of shipping brake rotors from China to the U.S. were astronomical for a period of time. We couldn’t pass all that costs on to the industry. So some of this is we will recoup some gross margin percentages that we didn’t get in the midst of the freight issue. As we look forward, I think, you have to separate the gross margin piece from the labor piece. We are going to continue to see elevated wage growth. We have seen it now for probably five years, Bret. We will continue to monitor that. Our pricing is really more focused on what our product costs are and what those freight costs are. We will be mindful of labor costs. But generally, that’s not a big driver of what we do with our pricing to the customer. What we need to do is make sure that we are finding ways to be as efficient as possible with the labor that we have, and over time, I think, wage rates will go back to more normalized growth rates.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. First of all, at ALLDATA, we are very focused on providing value via our ALLDATA offerings to our customers at ALLDATA. We also look for ways that we can enhance our commercial relationship at AutoZone with their customers. We have done a lot of that by cross-selling, leveraging our two sales teams to generate leads for each other. So far, we haven’t really integrated a lot with the, call it, up and down the street customer, but we have made some really meaningful progress with some of our national accounts and have some exciting things underway right now that helps integrate us more and more with them. Over time, that’s certainly the vision that we have, is how can we be on their desktop as both ALLDATA and AutoZone in a seamless way, but we got to make sure that we don’t drive the customer to that, that instead we have a product offering that the customer wants to adopt.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. That’s a great question. I wish I could answer. There’s just so many pushes and pulls right now in the economy with our cost that I am not sure we can answer that. That seems like a reasonable assessment, but we are just going to manage through it just like we have. We have gone through some pretty big cycles over the last 24 months and we are going to manage our business appropriately, whether it’s 5% or 7%, we are just going to manage through it.
Bill Rhodes: I think that’s a reasonable assumption. We hope that we can continue to -- we want to grow transactions. I talked about the challenges that are related to that, but our goal is to grow transactions. I also mentioned in the prepared remarks that we are very focused on unit growth. We believe that’s the lifeblood of this organization and we are focused on how do we grow units over the long term in both our retail and commercial business and we have been very pleased with the unit market share gains that we have had over the last three years and we are continuing to grow unit share even after the growth we have had over the last three years.
Bill Rhodes: Well, terrific questions. I want to be clear about one thing. I don’t believe the vast majority of the growth that we have seen in the commercial business over the last three years was a result of the pandemic. There’s no question. The outside growth in our DIY business was mainly attributable to the pandemic. I don’t think that was the case with commercial. I am sure it had some positive effects. But I think what -- the strategy that we began to deploy about four years ago have really been the driver of our commercial performance. Now as we continue to further and further mature on that strategy, we have seen some deceleration in our commercial growth. It’s still fantastic, but it’s not growing in the 20s. Our goal now is what’s next and we are working on that even as we speak. What are the next levers that we are going to pull to continue to grow in the commercial business? Now just a reminder, we have got mid-teens market share in the retail business and we have about 25% or about 4% total market share in the commercial business. So we have got a tremendous runway in front of us. When you talk about certain markets and what do we see, we certainly have some markets that are more mature than others. I would say the most encouraging thing to me is to see how broad-based the acceleration has been in our 61 regions that we have across the United States. But I was in a market last week, arguably our most mature market, I am not going to tell you where that is. And it has significant hub coverage and it has significant mega-hub coverage and in that market we continue to grow at very rapid rates. And so I am particularly optimistic, as we continue to deploy the strategy of mega-hubs, so we still have -- we have roughly a little over 80 mega-hubs today. We are going to 200, and hopefully, in short order and then we are going to get to 300 hub stores. So that will be 500 stores in the United States with materially different product assortments than we have had historically. To me, that is the biggest part of our strategy.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. I mean, we always see that. But what my point was, we have been through years where we just didn’t have a winter and it’s not just the spring, frankly, it’s as much in the summertime where we just don’t see the parts failures on the failure side of the business that we do historically and the maintenance side. It’s snow and ice and cold or all put stress on automobiles and we generally see that over the next six months to eight months once the winter subsides. So that’s what I was really getting at. I do have a bit of caution right now. I talked about tax rebates that are flowing right now. The one thing that I worry about a little bit is, we haven’t had great weather in the last week or so. We need to get some good weather, so DIYers can crawl underneath their cars, while these tax rebates are flowing, because we see a massive surge during this time of the year when our customers have more discretionary dollars.
Bill Rhodes: There’s no question that the cost of doing business are structurally higher. And I just want to make sure I amplify this point, our wage rates are up double, more than double what they normally are and that is stick to your ribs inflation. It will be with us forever. But that’s going to continue. And it’s been going on for five years, not at this level, but we had acceleration before the pandemic and once the pandemic hit, it went up significantly more. But we have been able to manage it. We are looking for creative ways like always to be more and more efficient. But we can’t drive that level of efficiency in a 43-year-old business without some kind of structural change, which we will be looking for, but we haven’t identified at this point in time.
Bill Rhodes: Well, I think, as I said before, I think, part of what’s changed is some of the massive improvements that we have made in our -- from our new strategy on commercial acceleration have matured more, but they are not mature. And so we are -- I would just say it this way, we are very pleased with the commercial growth that we have experienced over the last six months. And as I also said, we are looking for those next items that are in the next part of our strategy, they are going to drive accelerated growth.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. Look, we have never talked about Snap. I don’t think that that’s a big part driver for our business. The data we have available to us shows that tax refunds are remarkably similar to the way they were last year and are slightly up. We look at that data, it usually comes out on Mondays and we see where the big drops happened last week. Last week was a big drop as it was last year on tax refunds. So as far as we are concerned, we see everything on track, we are hoping that we get some great weather that’s very conducive to DIY and that those customers come to us.
Bill Rhodes: Sorry, I thought you were -- I will go ahead. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate, we believe 2023 will continue to be a solid year for our industry and our business model is working. We must take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the future, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. Thank you for participating in today’s call. Have a great day.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. And we haven’t seen the moves and actions by our nearing competitors impact our business, really at all. Most of those moves, quite frankly, were targeted in much the same manner as our moves were a couple of years ago, which was how do we all improve our competitive hand relative to the warehouse distributors. So we haven’t seen much of an impact there, and as a result of that, we don’t see a need to make pricing actions to sort of counter what’s being done in the marketplace by some of our newer competitors.
Jamere Jackson: Certainly does. I mean one of the things that we have been really clear about is that we are going to grow SG&A in a disciplined way as we create a faster growing business and the two ways that we have done that. One, is investing in labor to maintain high levels of customer service. You saw us do that throughout the pandemic and it paid great dividends for us during that timeframe. The other thing we have talked about is investing in a disciplined way in IT, which is enabling growth in both our DIY and our commercial business. Every one of our growth initiatives, whether it’s on the retail side of the business or the commercial side of the business, includes some element of improving the customer experience and those things have required us to accelerate some of our investments in IT. We like those investments. They are improving the customer experience. They are also improving the experience for our AutoZoners, and quite frankly, we think we will get benefits in terms of productivity in the future.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. Great question. So a couple of things I will highlight. As I have mentioned, we have had 10 straight quarters of double-digit sales growth, and quite frankly, six of the last eight have been above 20%. We like the competitive dynamics in the marketplace today. We also like the fact that we are underpenetrated. We are a four to five share in a huge market that’s approaching $100 billion. So there’s a tremendous opportunity for us to create a faster-growing business. If we look at our business on a two-year basis -- on a two-year stack basis, we are over 45%. So we like where we are from a commercial standpoint and all the initiatives that we have in place, improving the quality of our Duralast brand, expanding our assortments with our mega-hubs, improving our delivery times, leveraging technology and the competitive pricing dynamics that we saw in the marketplace a couple of years ago that we addressed give us a lot of confidence about it. So we have been comfortably double digits. You have heard us say that our goal is to continue to grow that share and growing that share means that we aspire to have a business that’s growing double digits really as far as the eye can see.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. So first, on LIFO, what we said is that, we anticipate minimal if any LIFO charges in 3Q and by the fourth quarter and certainly into FY 2024, we could potentially see that $106 million balance start to burn down, which means we would actually take gains through the P&L. It will take several quarters for us to work our way through $106 million based on our current forecast today. But we will be very transparent about what we are seeing and what gives us this confidence, quite frankly, is that as I mentioned before, we are seeing freight moderate. And as such, in the back half of this fiscal year, barring any disruptions like we have seen in the past, we are not expecting to take any charges and again, possibly see us flipping back to gains. In terms of our gross margin run rate, we have said that our commercial business is going to grow faster than our DIY business and that’s going to put, let’s call it, 35 basis points to 40 basis points of headwind on our gross margins going forward. Now that doesn’t mean that you can expect our gross margins to deteriorate in the perpetuity. We are still running the same play with intensity inside the company to drive margin improvement that will mute some of that, if not offset all of it. So we feel pretty good about those initiatives. Our merchants and our supply chain teams are doing a tremendous job, as Bill mentioned before, not only working on in-stocks, but driving margin improvement. And as some of the cost pressures ease in the marketplace and some of the cost pressures that our vendors and suppliers have been seeing, it gives us an opportunity to go work on margins in a more fulsome way going forward.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. So, clearly, used cars are still in tight supply and prices are up. We have seen prices moderate a little bit year-over-year, but they are still up 24% or so over a two-year basis. I think the second dynamic associated with that is, the fact that financing costs have gone up fairly significantly as well. So you have got interest rates that have made financing a vehicle, whether it’s new or used, significantly more expensive. I think the combination of those two dynamics puts tremendous pressure on consumers and what we have seen historically is that when the consumer is under pressure, whether it’s a recessionary cycle or it’s a cycle where new and used car prices spike, they tend to hang on to their vehicles longer, invest in repairing those vehicles and ride to the other side of tougher market conditions and we certainly think that, that’s going to be the case. So while the prices have come down, we still see a very tight market that’s out there today, and quite frankly, a market that’s significantly more expensive than what consumers experience prior to the pandemic.
Jamere Jackson: And I just think from a macro standpoint, if you look at unemployment being at 3.4% or so and wage rates being in the -- with a five handle on them, I mean we are in a dynamic where the combination, as Bill said in his remarks, the combination of market pressures and regulatory pressures, which is an increasing push to raise minimum wage rates, this is an environment that we have to plan for in the future. The good news, again, about our industry is that, as we have seen inflationary impacts, whether it’s product cost or it’s wages or it’s freight, I mean, we have typically seen this be an industry that is very disciplined about passing those costs along to consumers and given the relative inelasticity of the demand for our bread and butter products, we expect that to not cause our business to wobble at all.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. I mean what we have seen in total is that, our business has been remarkably resilient across both our upper income consumers, but also the lower end consumers. And again, that’s because the lion’s share of our business, our bread and butter categories, if you will or brake fix/failure, maintenance related sort of categories. The knock on effect of that is that to the extent that folks are making purchases for those bread and butter products if you will, then the discretionary categories tend to ride along with that as the basket gets built. So we have been fortunate in that regard. And the other thing that I don’t want to underestimate and I actually want to underscore, is the fact that, we have been very focused on our growth initiatives and our growth initiatives are about driving more customers and more purchase occasions for AutoZone. And as a result of that, we are seeing the opportunity for us to continue to win some market share. So some of that sequential improvement that you are seeing in traffic is actually the impact of some of the things that we have been doing from a growth initiative to drive more customers into our store.
Jamere Jackson: And the good news for us is it’s not just focused on new customers, but it is increasing our share of wallet with our existing customers. And to Bill’s point, that’s where we are focused as a company at getting what we believe our fair share or what our entitlement should be. We are pretty excited about those initiatives going forward.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. We are continuing to win market share. I mean, I would venture to say that the commercial market is not growing as fast as we are growing, which the knock on to that is that we are growing market share and we are pleased with our progress.
