William C. Rhodes: Thanks, Bill. We are pleased to report our 26th consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings per share growth and reported EPS growth rate of 15% for our fiscal second quarter. Clearly, our sales performance has not met our expectations as we had experienced softer sales over the past few quarters. In large part, we believe it has primarily been attributable to macro factors. Now regarding current sales trends, we report our earnings 2.5 weeks after the end of our quarter. Historically, we've had a practice of not discussing our results for the current quarter because it is such a short timeframe. It just isn't prudent to try to assess our trajectory off of such a short period of time. We did attribute our performance in the last 2 weeks to the 2-week delay in tax refunds. The reason we called out that 2-week periods performance was because it was such a significant change. Recently, we have begun to see some of those refunds show up in our performance. But from the information we have, tax refunds are still significantly below the prior year. As an organization, we don't want to be victims of a challenging macro environment, nor do we want to be reliant on strong macro trends to drive our success. We must continue to modify our game plan in order to succeed in good and not-so-good selling environments. We've historically been able to do that, and we're built to do that going forward. Our organization is well adept at quickly altering our activities to appropriately respond to the current sales environment. While doing so, we have also -- we also have a strong commitment to continue to deliver WOW! Customer Service and drive sales. We believe the initiatives we have outlined are accomplishing that objective and our customer surveys reinforce that belief. Keep in mind that roughly half of our product sales are failure-related. What's great about that statistic is, in good times and bad, we will sell those items. We cannot insist customers to proactively replace those parts. Last year's mild winter, we believe, contributed to less failures and lower levels of maintenance. As we begin to experience the effects from a more normalized winter this year, we expect trends to improve. Again, we're excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment, hub stores, Commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, E-Commerce and Brazil. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. Despite this quarter's sales weakness, we are quite pleased with our earnings per share growth and our return on invested capital for Q2. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage in a low single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our Commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single digit range, or better, in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and highly predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double digits. This model had been quite successful for an extended period of time. Finally, I want to, again, thank our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and communities. Our approach remains consistent. We're focused on succeeding in the third quarter of 2013, and we are excited about the next 2 quarters' opportunities. Thank you for your time. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, actually, it's going to be down this year, but that's consistent with our plan. Last year, we opened 400 programs, this year, we're saying we're opening roughly 300 programs. We want to make sure that we -- the most important part of opening a Commercial program is to make sure that we have the right resources in place and particularly, the right people resources. One of the things we learned last year when we opened 400 programs, it was a strain to make sure that we had the right people in place to start those programs. This year, we decided to back off a little bit, but opening 300 programs is still a pretty aggressive growth trajectory. We just want to make sure that we can do it right. We're in this for the long term, and we think 300 program growth, which is over roughly 10%, is pretty aggressive.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I don't think that there's any significant competitive changes in the Commercial environment. I think everybody's out there fighting in a pretty tough environment, particularly in the Northeast and the Midwest. What we hear from our customers on the Commercial side is, car counts are down. It's a tough business right now and so everybody's out there, we're out there trying to give our best to make sure we provide them great service.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Matt, first of all, as you know, I've been in this business for 18 years. I've never seen this, what we experienced in those last 2 weeks. Now we've always known that we had this huge ramp, typically, in the last 2 weeks of our quarters. So we've always been, frankly, pretty darn nervous. Always saying, "What happens if that ramp doesn't mature at some point in time?" Well, guess what? We found out this year, and it hurt us. Fortunately, we had very effectively managed our business before that point in time, and we still delivered pretty reasonable results considering the sales environment. Yes, in the last 2 weeks, we saw material degradation in the ticket because people are not doing the kind of jobs that they typically do when they get that flow of money, which is their tax refunds. That's the only reason we've ever been able to appoint for the reason our sales spiked so much in those last 2 weeks, and so I think we found out this year.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I'd first of all say, we opened the most productive programs first. So as we get deeper in the cycle, those store -- programs, they're in the markets that don't have the same kind of potential as the ones we did in the first part. Now we still think they have great potential and we still have 2.5% market share, so we think that white space is amazing as we look out. Look, we -- our performance in Commercial has been disappointing. We've gone from growing 20% to growing roughly 9% this quarter, 10% when you adjust for those days. But what we've seen is, we're continuing to grow pretty significant market share in Commercial. We think we have a long-term plan to grow it, and we're going to be able to do just fine.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, it is not different. The numbers are different because as you highlighted, the growth trajectory at Commercial has been different. But directionally, the trends are very, very similar.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. At this point in time, we think our strategy is fantastic. The biggest thing that we're working on is the continued evolution of these hub stores. Yes, in-local market availability is critical to our success, frankly, in Commercial and Retail. And so what we're trying to do is leverage our hub stores so that we can have the best in-local market availability in the industry. And we think when we do that, we'll be fine.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Intuitively, I would have thought that as well, Dan, and I have never seen this kind of an issue in the past. But as we've gotten out and talked to our AutoZoners, who were talking to their customers and talked particularly to our Commercial shops, what we're hearing is the road conditions had a big part of that last year, that the lack of salt and brine and the things that they do to deal with high levels of snow put less wear and tear on those brake components. The fewer holes and the potholes on road, the less wear and tear in chassis components and the like. And it's been remarkable how significant those -- how significantly poorer those categories have performed just in the Midwest and the Northeast. And so at this point in time, that's our best thinking. And as we've said before, we're going to know in April. Frankly, if we kind of get to April and they're not improving, we were wrong and we've got to figure out what it's going to take to grow in the future.
William C. Rhodes: No. As you talked about, everybody's saying the same thing. So I don't think we're standing on this island by ourselves.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Simeon, and we spend a lot of times looking at that. And if you look at the sales trends of the SKUs, the percentage of sales that we get in the high velocity SKUs versus the tail SKUs, it's remarkable how quickly that tail goes down, how slow the slower-moving products turn. But we have to have those slow-moving products because we need them to be able to build a relationship with our customers. So we believe the thing that we need to do is continue to build out our hub stores. As I've said in our prepared remarks, we now have 77 hub stores that we've expanded the size of so we can significantly increase the assortment. And as we continue to build those larger expansions, we go deeper and deeper so that we can find where that sweet spot is.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, absolutely, we can track it. And as we continue to improve these hub stores, yes, it goes down in those hub stores. Our hub penetration continues to grow and frankly, meet -- exceed our expectations.
William C. Rhodes: That's a great question, Greg. Obviously, over the last 4 years, our industry had seen significant strength and you've certainly seen it in our same-store sales performance over the last 3 years before the last 12 months. I think there were clear industry tailwinds during that period of time that benefited all of us. I think right now we've got some pretty significant industry headwinds. So my personal point of view is that it's probably somewhere in between.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think the normalized volume is definitely positive. And I think on the DIY business, the components of that may be that customer count continues to be pressured, but is offset by the structural increases in average ticket due to the technological advancements in parts and the innovation that Bill Giles was talking about a few minutes ago.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. We don't look at it that specific on those things -- the thing we do look out the most is the age of the vehicles, but we don't see any material shift as you've seen from AAIA's numbers, that the average age of vehicles continues to eke up a little bit, I think it went from 10.6 to 10.8. So I don't think there's any material changes in the mix of products we're selling.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I'm going to go back to what I've said in the prepared remarks. I don't want to -- we called out those specific 2 weeks because they were in the quarter and they were vastly different than our other experiences, and we felt like we had a good handle on what drove it. But this time of year, there is such volatility in our business because the weather patterns change day-to-day and week-to-week. What we see is that the overall tax refunds are still substantially behind last year, and we don't necessarily know what the trajectory of how people are going to spend those tax refunds are. I don't want to get in -- any further into that 2.5-week period of time except to say, clearly, we're not running the negative 8 that we called out before, but they're still a lot variability in our sales at this point.
William C. Rhodes: I think that we don't have a good way to think about it because we haven't experienced it before. We believe when market flows in the -- when money flows in economy, particularly, through our kind of customers, that they get caught up on a lot of their maintenance and repair work. And I see no reason that, that will happen again this year. But then, you do worry about the timing changes. Hopefully, that will benefit us even more. If we can get some nice breaks in the weather and people want to get out and work on their car, it might be to our benefit. We just don't know at this point.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Clearly, the mix of business that we did last year in those weeks was very different. We were experiencing a lot of -- we talked last year about the fact that we -- a lot of the spring categories got pulled forward into that period of time. But the overall trajectory of the business in weeks 11 and 12 was very consistent with the last 5 or 6 years that we'd had. Now the mix, we might have been selling batteries, while this last year, we were selling brake pads. But overall, we have always seen that significant lift and it didn't happen this year.
William C. Rhodes: Great. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan to succeed for the remainder of 2013. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think that's a good way to think about it, Simeon. I mean, we have not seen a lot of inflation and our expectation is that we will not see inflation, certainly, from a commodity-based product standpoint. But from an innovation standpoint, we continue to see that. As the newer cars continue to work their way through from an aging perspective, we continue to see some -- I'd hate to call it inflation, but inflation in the pricing from an innovation standpoint. So our expectation is that -- and it's very consistent with our model over time, is that traffic has been down consistently over time in this industry for a very long period of time, and we continue to see either commodity book price inflation, which we're not seeing a lot of now or product innovation inflation which we continue to see. But our expectation is that will continue in the future.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think AutoAnything was probably sub-$20 million for the quarter, overall, in sales. And from an earnings perspective, it was negligible impact overall.
William T. Giles: Yes, I'd say it's probably just a couple of percent a year ago, maybe a little bit less than that. And I think the year before that, it was much higher.
William T. Giles: That's a good question. I mean, we think that ALLDATA is a stand-alone business and it's been very effective for us. They've got a very high market share from a repair and diagnostic standpoint, and they continue to add additional products, whether it be shop manager -- market, et cetera. So they've done a great job and continuing to penetrate it. We continue to seek opportunities to be able to bridge some of the synergies that exist between ALLDATA and our overall Commercial business. They're not probably as problem as you would think intuitively because they're very different businesses and they're providing different things to the shops, very different sales force, very different skill set from the sales force perspective. So I would say that there are some synergies, probably, not as high as you're thinking.
William T. Giles: I think if you look back historically, I mean, the organization has done a very good job of managing our expense structure in line with our environment that we're performing in. And so I mean, this is a good example of our company and virtually every facet of the organization doing a really good job of assessing their expense structure needs and cutting back where they need to. And so if you look back even before our business took off in '09, we were successful in growing our EPS growth at a double-digit rate and a flat comp. And so obviously, we don't believe that flat comp is in our future. We believe the industry will remain healthy and that we will continue to gain market share. But we certainly believe that we can -- the model that Bill articulated in his prepared remarks is the model that we can operate into the future. And certainly, at a slightly positive comp, we can perform very well.
William T. Giles: Yes, we typically stick with the overall. In fact, I don't even have the Commercial numbers in front of me to give you a view of that. Although, that's going to be, probably, a little bit more weighted towards the failure than on the DIY side. But I don't have the -- we don't disclose those numbers exactly. Clearly, the discretionary side would be way down so that would change that.
William T. Giles: I would say, it has basically tracked the overall performance in Commercial. I think that what we're seeing is that we're still gaining good traction out of our existing customers, and more importantly, our older programs continue to perform well. Obviously, we clearly have opportunities, based on this quarter's performance, to improve our overall performance. But existing customers continue to do well.
William T. Giles: Yes. I think, over time, we will see some impact of cannibalization. That will probably affect the overall numbers, but the reality of it is, is that, as Bill said before, we've got a very small market share and we've got a lot of work to do in order to capture more and more market share. The one thing I would mention on the newer programs, I wouldn't so much say that the newer programs are less productive, it's that we have a higher percentage of newer programs in the mix. And as a result of that, from a math perspective, it winds up taking down your average weekly sales for the total 3,000 programs.
