William Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere. Fiscal 2022 is off to a stellar start. And we continue to be focused on superior customer service and flawless execution. That in our culture is what defines us. From July 4 1979, when our first store opened in Forrest City, Arkansas, customer service has been paramount to our success. At the end of the day, it is why customers come back to us whether they are a seasoned professional or a new DIY. They trust us. They trust us to help them with their needs. We continue to be bullish on our industry and in particular, on our own opportunities for the New Year. We believe the macro backdrop is in our favor for the foreseeable future. Our customers across the Americas want to get out, get out and drive. And we'll be there when they need helpful advice. Our team has worked diligently and collaboratively with our suppliers. And together they have done a very good job dealing with the enormous supply chain challenges that exist for all retailers. While we are not where we'd like to be on our store in stock levels, we believe we are better than most real retailers. And I think our results support that belief. For the remainder of fiscal 2022, we are launching some very exciting initiatives. We are focused on further growing share, but as always doing so on a very profitable basis. We will be announcing significant expansions to our supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses. We are also targeting to open 16 more new domestic mega hubs in the U.S. that will enhance our availability and support growth in our retail and commercial businesses. We will also be leveraging our hub and mega hub strategy further in Mexico. For the fiscal year, we will open more than 200 new stores throughout the Americas with notable acceleration in our Brazil business. These capacity expansion investments reflect our bullishness on our industry and our growth prospects. We are being disciplined, yet aggressive. Before we move to open up the call for questions, I want to take a moment, a moment to give special thanks to Mark Finestone, our Executive Vice President, Strategy and Innovation, customer satisfaction on his upcoming retirement in early calendar 2022. Our company, our customers, our leadership team, and in particular, our AutoZoners have greatly benefited from Mark's 19 years of remarkable service. Mark spent the majority of his years with AutoZone leading our merchandising team, and has played a critical role leading our supply chain and marketing teams in recent years. He leaves our organization much, much better than he found it and leaves us well positioned for accelerated growth. We thank Mark for his amazing service and leadership with the company. And we wish he and his wife Cindy well in their well-deserved retirement. I also want to reiterate how proud I am of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers and doing so in a very safe manner. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like three to five years from now. And we, we very much welcome that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry and in particular, on AutoZone. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Yes Bret, it's really hard to tease that out, and I’ve spent considerable time in our prepared remarks talking about it. I think a lot of people think that this success that we're seeing in commercial is either driven by the mega hubs or driven by pricing. And frankly, that's not what we believe. We talked about it about four years ago that we were launching a new strategic plan or developing a new strategic plan for our commercial business, and it has a whole host of elements, mega hubs is a critical part of it. But don't forget, we also refreshed the assortments in every single AutoZone store in the United States and put those assortments commercial leaning forward. But the mega hubs are helping us a tremendous amount, but so is the Duralast brand, so is our sales floor, so is our engagement of our store managers and district managers. We see the mega hubs in and of themselves perform exceptionally well. They continue to exceed our expectations. And as we've said, we're going to go to 100 to 110. Like we've also said that Jamere and the senior leadership team believe once we're finished, we'll be closer to 200 mega hubs than we will be 100 mega hubs. But that's a vision at this point in time, not a plan.
William Rhodes: Yes, I think it's a tale of two stories. Right on the DIY side of the business. Clearly, there were some significant share gains that happened in the depths of the pandemic and the stay at home orders where we did pick up a lot of share from mass retailers. We anticipated that we would have a pretty good headwind starting in last August, but But that simply hasn't manifested itself, and I think what's happened is customers that were coming to us before experienced us during the midst of this crisis and really enjoyed their experience, our team did a great job. So I think it's still coming from those more mass oriented and the retail side of the business. On the commercial side of the business, we believe it's likely coming from the smaller players, you mentioned, WDs. But I think over time, what happened was a lot of people, when the sales went down in our industry by about 25%, overnight, a lot of people in our industry pulled back considerably. Some people furloughed people, they laid off people, they took their order -- inventory orders down significantly, we certainly took some actions. We never furloughed one person. We never terminated one person because of the pandemic. In fact, we gave them two extra weeks of vacation, we called it emergency time off. And so when all of a sudden the business rebounded very quickly, we were in a terrific place. And I think that gave us trial in the commercial business with a lot of folks that we might not have gotten trial as quick as we did otherwise. And when we were there for those customers, I think that they appreciated the whole host of offerings that we had. And we've continued to grow since then, mean that to be up 40% on a two-year basis is really astounding, and to be up 29% in this quarter alone, I just couldn't be more pleased of what our team has done and we believe this is just the beginning. We've talked about the importance of the commercial business for a long time. And we're still the fourth in market share and that's not where we want to be, and I'm excited about what's in front of us.
William Rhodes: Yes, thank you for your shout out to Mark, Simeon. He's been just a tremendous partner to all of us for all these years. And, and I think about the AutoZone that Mark inherited versus the AutoZone that that he leaves to the rest of us, and it's a very different place and he played an enormous role in that as did so many others. But thank you for that. You know, I share your thoughts, Simeon, at Apex, there was a different vibe than probably we've ever seen before. I was kind of hoping everybody would be down and out because I knew how our sales were performing and I hoped we were doing very different than everyone else. I think it's just a great reminder of the strength of this industry. If you think about this industry over a very long period of time, I just celebrated my 27th anniversary with AutoZone, seen a lot of different cycles. One of the things that has happened, the strongest performing periods in our 30, last 30 years have been ‘93, ‘94, ‘01, ‘02, ‘09, ‘10 and ‘11. That is before the pandemic. The pandemic has blown away those performance. In each one of those environments, you've seen AutoZone’s performance maybe more than the industry but the industry also make a step function change up significant growth in the midst of a recession. What has been remarkable is in each of those times, you've never seen the industry or our sales, take a step back down, not even partially back down towards it. It's as if we reached a new plateau. And we just stayed there until we built again. I think my expectation with the pandemic and the amount of sales that we saw, particularly in the retail business, from the depths of the stay at home orders and all those things was, we would see somewhat a reversion to the mean, and here we sit today, it's December, the last stimulus happened in March 15. The enhanced unemployment ended at the end of August 1 or September. And we would have thought we would have seen some deceleration which we have not seen -- our business on both sides of the business, a 9% comp in DIY is remarkable. And so we'll be interested to see how long it holds at this level. I wish we had a crystal ball and could tell you, but I know that this organization is focused on how do we optimize our performance in the midst of whatever sales environment we have? How do we make sure we're taking care of customers? How do we make sure that we're keeping AutoZoners and customers safe? And how do we make the P&L work and maximize our performance? And I think we've done a really good job of that. And I'm very proud of the organization so far.
William Rhodes: Yes, it’s a fantastic question. Michael, I wish I could tell you with certainty, it was built by x, y, and z. Let me just share some of our thoughts. But our thoughts are evolving. And we don't have clear insights into the strength of it, which we're [Indiscernible] to have, but we can't explain every element of it. Clearly an element right now is increased inflation. So our traffic count is positive, slightly positive in the retail business. Normally, because of changes in technology, and the improvement of quality of parts, we've typically had, three, three and a half percent deceleration in in transaction count. So despite the enormous customer count growth we had last year, we're still growing customers and growing them much faster than we have, let's say on average over the last 10 years. But we also have an inflation benefit. Let’s call it 4% or so on top of that. So that is a significant element. When we believe, what we believe was the biggest thing that happened to us in the pandemic, was we had a lot of what I call our financially fragile customers. Those lower socio economic customers that had two things that they don't typically have. They had time because many of them were furloughed, and they had money, because they were living off of stimulus and significant enhanced unemployment. We anticipated as those two things ended in March 15 of 21 and early September 21, on enhanced unemployment, that we would see it slow down. I think there are some other dynamics that are happening. You mentioned new and used car sales. One of the things that we believe has happened in the recessions over the years as people change their perspective on how long they're going to keep their car. And so they focus on how they maintain it right versus thinking they're going to get a new car in six months, so don't worry about it. I think this environment of new car shortages and use car prices being up I think the last time I saw it, something like 38% I think people in particular are more challenged economically, customers are thinking I'm going to have this car for a long time. I better take care of it. And I think that also, all levels of consumer appear to still be very, very healthy financially, versus historical norms. And as we've seen for years, any period where there's a tax refund or something, we see a big spike in our business stimulus, we saw big spikes in our business. So I think the fact that they still have more discretionary income than normal bodes well for our business, it's showing up in our results and likely stays with us for some period of time. How long, your guess is as good as mine.
William Rhodes: Let me jump in on that, too, Zach. I think when you look at what's happened over the last three or four years, to margins, you need to make sure that we don't lose sight of what happened to our DIY business over the last two years. Our same store sales and DIY are up 20% on a two year basis. We are getting a ton of leverage because of that outside sales group, our hope, and my hope is that we maintain all of it, or certainly a significant amount of it, we that's yet to be seen. But that changed the economics of the operating margin in the DIY business. Our focus, whether it's 19%, or 20%, is to is to make sure that we're growing operating profit dollars at a good return. And sometimes our margin, our operating margin might go down, because I've said for many times, if we could double our commercial business, at a substantially lower operating margin. Tomorrow, we would do it, because it doesn't require a lot of capital, and it would grow our operating profit dollars tremendously.
William Rhodes: Yes, I’ll first start with you have to remember that our business is generally an inelastic business. Except for some reason, whenever the low end consumer has excess cash, we see a significant pop in our business. But I'll go back to what I said earlier, we historically haven't seen it revert back to the norms. The look at our business in the quarter, our retail business, our transaction count was meaningfully better than it normally would be. We're also seeing that we grew share by 10%, during the depths of the crisis, and we are continuing to modestly grow share on top of that, I would have anticipated we would give some of that back. We're not. And then you layer in the fact that there is this inflation, and that's probably accelerating our growth by about 4%. We don't think that there's a lot of elasticity in that inflation at this point in time. The bigger question is the one that you're bringing up. If we continue to see significant inflation across the market, does that put more and more pressure on particularly the low end consumer? And ultimately, do we see a deceleration as a result of that? And I think that's a logical thesis. But we've had a lot of logical thesis during this pandemic that haven't come to fruition.
William Rhodes: It’s a great question, Chris, and I'm very happy that Jamere has not allowed us to reverse our long term history of not giving guidance. I don't know the answer to it, right? Yes, we'll be going up against the stimulus payment around the first of the year. Yes, we're going to be something we've talked about a lot, historically, we'll be going up against a pretty significant weather event, towards the end of our quarter and beginning of the next quarter. For us, we're going to maximize our performance and optimize our performance in whatever sales environment we have. We don't have to change, if we thought we were going to be plus two or down 2% on a historical basis, we don't have to change how we operate. And if we left that stimulus, and we have a little bit of a headwind for four weeks, so be it. We're running this business for the long term. As I've said in the prepared remarks, the valuation needs to be placed on this company depends on how our investors and particularly our long term investors feel our cash flow is going to be three to five years from now. And that's the lens that we're looking at. If we go through a tough quarter, because our business is up 25%, from pre pandemic, so be it, we need to make sure that we're making the investments today that allow us to continue to have this amazing cash flow generation for the long term.
William Rhodes: It's a great question, Brian. I think the answer is yes, but it's ever changing. And I want to stop for just a second and really say thank you to our supply chain team and our merchants. You talk about collaboration. These folks have been working unbelievably hard now for 20 months trying to figure out how we deal with this enormous surge in volume. So round numbers, our business is up 25% or more since the pre pandemic level. Our supply chain, our manufacturers and their supply chains nobody built for 25% excess capacity that would last for 20 months. Our teams have done a really, really, really good job of managing through it. That said, we have challenges. Our in-stock levels are not where we want them to be. They haven't been the whole time. And they'll go down a little bit and they'll come up a little bit, but we're generally 3% or 4% below the in-stock levels that we want on a weekly basis. To your point, are we seeing things change that give us optimism about the future? And the answer is yes. But as soon as we do, we see another part of the supply chain that is more challenged. In a lot of respects, we're playing a little bit of Whack a Mole. In the beginning, it was particular categories, sandpaper. Now it's tools and brake rotors. We also back in the summer time we couldn't get capacity to get enough container loads from Shanghai, to the U.S. Now it's can we get them through the ports in the U.S. and our team's done, been really creative about getting the ships, but now also finding different ports across the country to go to. So we are seeing it get better. But we are nowhere out of the woods on stage saying that next month, we're going to be back into it. We're about to face Chinese New Year, which is always a difficult time in any supply chain. So it'll be interesting to see how we manage through that. My hope is late spring, early summer, we get back to some semblance of normality. But every time we thought, okay, this one is easing, there's been another part of the supply chain that has shown challenges.
William Rhodes: I think we already have Brian. I talked in my prepared remarks, we're going to make the most significant investments that we've seen in our supply chain. Because we've seen this this surge in volume. Now, I don't want to spook everybody. Our CapEx is going to be up $100 million, $150 million kind of range over last year. And it – but it will have an elevated level in our supply chain for a couple of years. And as we've talked about as a team, think over the long term, we've optimized our supply chain to the third decimal point, when you've been through a surge in volume, like we've experienced over the last 20 months, that was probably a little pennywise and pound foolish. And so we're going to be a little bit more aggressive with our supply chain investments. We've clearly made a ton of investments in our commercial business over the last four years, from inventory assortments to mega hubs and hubs, to investments in the Duralast brand, to investments in price, investments in technology, the single largest technology investment we've ever made as a company is what underpins this commercial strategy. And we're beginning to see benefits from it. But we've got a ton of benefits left in front of us on the commercial side of the business. So I think we've been making investments at an accelerated rate. And when you have the kind of profitability characteristics that we have today, we're looking at, are there other places that we can invest? I also want to say, one place that we've invested very aggressively that I don't think others have done at nearly at the same level is we've invested in our people. We've invested in our people in accelerated wage rates. We've invested in our people and our culture, through things like emergency time off. The last time I've tallied up, what we'd invested from emergency time off vaccine incentives and those kinds of things. We were in the $135 million range. And then we announced again, today that we added $9 million to our AutoZoners Assistance Fund. We believe in times like this, if we're going to have values that we state, it's imperative that we live consistent with those values. And I think we've walked that walk very clearly during the pandemic.
William Rhodes: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it, Brian. So before we conclude the call, I just want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is strong, and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We will continue to focus on the basics as we strive to optimize shareholder value for the remainder of fiscal 2022. Lastly, we want to wish everyone a happy, healthy and safe holiday season and a very prosperous new year. Thank you for your time today. Thank you for your interest in AutoZone. Take care
Jamere Jackson: Yes, so if you think about gross margins, first of all, I'll say this, we've been seeing cost inflation in certain categories and higher transportation costs. However, the industry pricing has been rational, and we're pricing to recover inflationary impacts, as we've done in the past. And as Bill mentioned, from a retail pricing standpoint, where we've raised retails in sort of mid-single digit range, the industry has been disciplined and rational. And quite frankly, inflation has been our friend in terms of retail pricing. But I will remind you, as you highlighted here is that our commercial business will be a mixed drag. And right now we're significantly outpacing DIY growth on the commercial side of the business. And so that's been a margin drag. In fact, all of the margin drag in this quarter can be attributed to that acceleration that we have in our commercial business. So going forward, it will be a drag on the business and, but that will be good for us as a business because we'll see our gross profit dollars growing which is exactly what we're what we're shooting for. So we like where we are, we're going to continue to lean into the strategy. You'll see a little bit of a drag from a margin standpoint, from commercial mix, but net net it will be good for our business in total.
Jamere Jackson: No, I think a couple things stand out to me. And Bill answered your question. I think very clearly, our goal has always been to grow our gross profit dollars. We have the luxury of having in this environment, a faster growing business with higher margin dollars overall. And I would argue this as a more sustainable way to grow cash and ultimately shareholder value. What doesn't change in the about the algorithm is the most important part of the algorithm, which is, this is a business that is going to generate a tremendous amount of cash that enables us to grow our business and return a significant amount of cash to shareholders over time. So as we've gone through this, this period, and we see an opportunity to accelerate the growth in our commercial business, by creating a faster growing business overall, it's ultimately meaning that we're a more profitable company on a $1 basis, and that's going to lead to more cash. And we're going to grow the business and return a significant chunk of that to shareholders. So long term, what I've been saying is that, while the geography changes a little bit, the algorithm at the bottom line doesn't change. This is a business that generates a ton of cash, and has tremendous firepower to grow and return cash to shareholders.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, so from the standpoint of price increases, and cost increases, we've been very disciplined about making sure that when we see cost increases coming, we've taken retail pricing, sometimes we will take those in anticipation of those cost increases, there's a there's usually a catch up over time. But what I will say to you is that this is a pretty dynamic market, and that there are always pricing opportunities and cost increases that are that are coming our way. Our teams have done a tremendous job of managing this mix such that, we've historically found ways to have margin accretion when we go through this environment. And the most important part of that is that this is an industry that has been disciplined and rational and we expect this to continue. So we don't expect, ultimately for the cost increases, to be a margin drag over the business. We've done. We've done a fantastic job of managing that dynamic in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
Jamere Jackson: Well, I think a couple dynamics are associated with that. Number one, the commercial business naturally will be a margin drag for us just based on the nature of the business. But you've got to remember we have a large DIY business, that we are continuing to drive efficiencies and margin expansion in that DIY business over time, such that there isn't a cliff associated with margins over time. So what you can expect from us is that we'll continue to push, to drive margin expansion in our in our business, overall, commercial will be a drag, but we'll continue to work on things from a productivity standpoint, and naturally, you may, you may see some of that impact our EBIT margins. But from a total EBIT dollar standpoint, we'll be in pretty good shape. And it will be a great story. And again, I always come back to this notion that from an earnings standpoint, from a cash standpoint, the most important part of this algorithm is that we're going to have tremendous firepower to grow the business and return a bunch of cash to shareholders.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, I would just add that, that that piece of the thesis, if you will, we're a long way from that being the case, and if you just look at the things that Bill talked about three things, one, share growth, inflation being our friend, and this favorable macro environment. That's what gives us a lot of confidence here in the near term about our business. And we're continuing to perform very well in this environment against that backdrop.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, I mean, we're able to do this within the framework of our long term financial model, if you will. We will have some accelerated CapEx this year to build out the initiatives that Bill talked about. But if you look at sort of where we are in terms of our cash generating capability, the amount of free cash flow that we’ll generate this year, it certainly won't impact anything that we're doing from a capital allocation or our ability to return cash to shareholders. So this is sort of a multiyear investment cycle, if you will. We’ve talked about the capacity investments that we're making in the supply chain. I've talked about things that we need to do from an IT standpoint. We've talked about the growth that we're going to do in our store base. And we're able to do that within the framework of our financial model, if you will, without making material changes to the P&L.
