William C. Rhodes: Thanks, Bill. We’re pleased to report our 36th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, and for the year the reported EPS growth rate of 14.1%. We also surpassed an historic milestone in 2015 exceeding $10 billion in sales for the first time in our company’s rich history. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach of leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye of off execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must stay committed to executing day-in and day-out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Before I conclude, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2015. We were able to build on past accomplishments and deliver some impressive results. In recognition of the dedication, passion and commitment of our AutoZoners, I want to highlight that, we grew sales to a record $10.2 billion this past year, and we grew same store sales at 3.8%. We grew our store base in Mexico and managed our expenses exceptionally well in spite of the foreign currency headwind with the peso. We began our IMC integration, opened three new branches and now have 20 locations. With the minority of our AutoZone stores today able to sell IMC products, we feel we’re well positioned to expand this business in the future. Our inventory availability testing in mega hub store remodels helped us to reach our conclusion and allowed us to announce our planned implementation schedule. I could not be more proud of the tremendous work everyone on this project contributed. And lastly, we will talk more about saying, yes. We got it to our customers. We are fixated on making sure we meet our customer’s needs in 2016. Our offerings are the best they have ever been, and we are determined to communicate this to our customer base. At the end of the day our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectation. Again we’re excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment and availability, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA ecommerce, Brazil and IMC. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low-single digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single digit range or better in terms of strength, and we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double digits. We feel the track we’re on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We're pleased with our results this past year, so we must remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. I can't wait to sit down and talk to our leadership team at our upcoming national sales meeting. This team is comprised of the best leaders in our industry. We are launching our Live the Pledge theme and I know our leaders combined with our talented teams of roughly 80,000 AutoZoners will do just that. Now we’d like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: I think generally speaking that performance versus our plan was pretty much on track, particularly in the retail business. Frankly we had a pretty aggressive plan in the fourth quarter that we were a little bit daunted about coming into the quarter. May was very soft and we were behind, but June, July and August outperformed and generally ended on plan.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. As far as today we have distribution centers that can service our current strategy for anywhere in the United States. We’re not prepared yet to talk about specifically where these next two to three distribution centers are, we still have some work to do, but we can service every store today. The reason we need to expand it is one, as we continue to grow our store count we need more capacity in our supply chain. And then secondly, as we move to increase frequency of deliveries, we need to have some distribution centers that are closer in certain parts of the country and what we’ll be solving with these extra two to three distribution centers.
William C. Rhodes: I think we’ll be at the top of the heap in the industry with getting access to inventory. Certainly where we have frequency of delivery at three to five times a week, we’ll be able to pose out those in-stocks. When you think about -- you’re trying to solve two different problems. One is an in-stock problem where you have very low demand and when it spikes, if you don’t have an increased frequency of delivery you’re out of business for eight days. We believe this 10 to 11 distribution center model will allow us to do that at the optimum level. That does not mean that we won't forgo a few sales here and there, but we want to make sure that we get a return on the investments that we’re making that is sufficient for our expectations. And secondly with the mega hub you’re trying to solve expanded parts only. And by putting these 25 to 40 mega hubs in the markets we’re going to significantly increase the local market availability of product to 80,000 to 100,000 SKUs. That helps both our retail customer and our commercial customer on a same day basis in those markets. And then on an overnight basis it will go to other hubs stores which I think is best in class solution.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Greg maybe -- I’m sorry we weren’t clear enough. That’s the work we did a year, year and a half ago, where we updated the algorithms to place, forward place the inventory with a slant towards newer merchandise, newer life cycle of vehicle and merchandise, so that work has been done for about a year now and it’s worked very well. Now we’re using those same methodologies to assort our mega hubs and as we continue to roll those out we’ll leverage that methodology there.
William C. Rhodes: That is exactly correct. We’ll modify our SKU count by category every time we do a category update. But the step function change in what we were going to stock in the store has been done. Now we’re going to make a step function change in 70% of the stores on how frequently they receive their replenishment orders.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, great question. It will have zero bearing on our merchandise strategy and branding strategy. Duralast has been a terrific strategy for us and it will continue to be so.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, we specifically said we’ve got about 900 stores on the increased frequency of deliveries and from our five mega hubs we have about 750 stores that are being serviced by those. I don’t even know off the top of my head how many of them have both. Over the long run, about 70% are going to have increased frequency of delivery. And the majority of the stores are going to have mega hubs. But ones that are in remote locations or small volume stores won't have either one of those.
William C. Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I’d just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be very solid. We’re excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we’re confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Yes, I will start with -- that $1000 to $1500 per store is the target when both -- when they get both initiatives. Now, I’ve said in our prepared comments that about a third of the stores will not receive nor frequent delivery, and so some piece of that will not flow through to them. But on stores that get both the mega hub and the increased frequency of delivery it will be in a range of $1000 to $1500. It’s a little tough Bill at this point to narrow that range. There’s just a lot of variability depending on a lot, many different factors.
William T. Giles: Well you did a lot of really good math there very quickly, much quicker than I can do it. I think generically speaking you’re in the ballpark, and we’re not going to go forward with even this business. We think they’re going to provide us with a growth and operating profit dollars that exceeds our return metrics, and we think that both of these initiatives will do that. Now we didn’t think that it would do it in the lowest volume stores with July, we’re not going to roll it for those stores at this point in time.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think the way I would answer that is, that we wanted to carve out at least what the impact was if the initiative varied specifically, so we said that, that was 20 to 30 basis points, the majority of that is in gross margin as you highlighted a little bit of that would be in SG&A to support the mega hub operational activities, and frankly you’re right we had about a 24 basis point impact in supply chain for this past quarter which is probably a pretty good way to look at it for the next several quarters as we continue to rollout stores. Now separate and distinct from that our merchandising organization has done a terrific job in lowering acquisition cost during surprised optimization, and they’ve done a very good job in offsetting those costs. So, I think there are other opportunities for us to continue to improve gross margin rates. But we can clearly identify and quantify the investments and we wanted to highlight those for you. But I think as we look at out over the year we feel its pretty good about overall margin rates, but clearly we’ll have some headwinds.
William T. Giles: Yes, I would say that number one, we’re seeing the benefit in both our retail and commercial businesses. We’ve been very pleased with the performance to date. Now this is -- you have to remember this is slower moving inventory. So when they call us and we have it, you can get the sales pretty much immediately because we haven’t seen anything ramp and what has happened over time. I do hope and expect over time that our commercial customers, the more frequently we say yes, the more we’ll up their call list. That’s all on increased frequency of delivery. Regarding mega hubs, that is a substantial different offering we’ve ever had in the market place. And I think by us being able to surprise and delight our commercials -- both retail and commercials that, that’s beginning to build traction over time.
William T. Giles: Well first of all we said $1,000 to $1,500 Dan, but I appreciate your optimism and I hope you’re right too. I hope the upside is more than that. Our testing hasn’t proven that out yet, but as I mentioned a few minutes ago, over time the more you say yes to your commercial customers especially on hard to find parts, the more confidence they’re going to get with you and there could potentially be a halo effect over the long time. This is a significant improvement for us, but it’s not a silver bullet. We still have to continue to refine the way we go to market, make sure we got the right product offerings, make sure that we have the best sales force -- sales force which I think we do and on and on. It’s going to take us some time but we’re closing those gaps even as we speak.
William T. Giles: I would say that from a consistency perspective I think the gas prices have clearly done a couple of things for us, one of which is it has increased supposable income particularly for our customer and it also seems to have attributed to increased in miles driven and we’re seeing some miles driven numbers that are historically very high relative to anything we’ve seen in the past. And so I think those two things which increase wear and tear on automobiles those are the -- and the age of the vehicles. Those three factors I think are probably going to help support demand for the industry for over the long-term. But weather you maybe right, it’s very hard to predict for us. Obviously we had some favorability this fourth quarter particularly towards the end, but that’s really difficult for us to predict and forecast and we’ll just have to see it as it comes. But on the other ones, I think that those really are favorable underlying trends with the help of the industry.
William T. Giles: I guess theoretically that’s probably true because we’re adding some increased fixed cost structure to the organization, but at the same time as you pointed out we have been very good at determining how to manage our overall cost structure given the environment that we’re dealing with. Having said that we’re committed to this initiative and we’re very encouraged by and we’re going to see it throughout.
William T. Giles: I think so. I mean, it’s obviously PE, its dependent on the PE. So, as our PE has gone, obviously our share repurchases as a percent is declined as you said to mid-high single digits to just this past quarter 5%. So it’s going to continue to be a very important part of our capital allocation strategy and its going to be a very key element of us driving EPS growth. We’ve got a nice balance of organic EBIT growth and share repurchase to drive EPS and I expect that to continue in the future.
William T. Giles: I’d say the 6.2% is probably a bit of an acceleration and as we highlighted that’s on our mature program. So we’ve seen a little bit of acceleration on that and with some of the other questions we were going through on commercial, some of that relates to some of the things that we’ve done around inventory availability and inventory initiatives. But keep in mind, we’ve got several initiatives in our commercial programs and we’ve got a lot of things that we’re working on in order to continue to drive that average weekly sale or average dollars per program everyday. So it’s not just inventory availability initiatives, although that’s been helpful.
William T. Giles: Theoretically yes, although my guess is that, as we get past a year or 18 month that we’ll be able to dissipate some of that impact with improved sales performance and other tactics to improve margin rates.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think that’s a good question. I think right now we’re at 1.5 times turn, and so if we can kind of keep it around that number I think the vendors should be able to support our AP inventory ratio where it is.
William T. Giles: Probably I’ve got two things going on, one of which is it will open three distribution centers over the next several years, so that will increase the cost structure. We believe that obviously replacing those distribution centers will reduce the transportation cost, so hopefully that will offset it. And then there’ll be some increased transportation equipment if you will of tractors and trailers in order to increase delivery frequency, so those are the costs. They’re not overly significant, but you’re adding some capital into the equation.
William T. Giles: On the margin absolutely, but obviously there’s a lot of work involved in increasing the delivery, like I said there’s transportation required, people required and then the same on the mega hubs we’ve got to find the real estate and expand the locations or create a new location. So, there’s some lead time in being able to do this and being able to do it in an efficient profitable manner.
