Phil Daniele: Thank you, Jamere. I want to stress how proud I am to represent the company as only the fifth CEO over the almost 45 years we have been in business. As you've heard, we have a lot of initiatives in flight and we have a great team of AutoZoners in place to take us to the next level. We truly believe we will continue to improve from here. We are well-positioned to grow sales across our domestic and international store bases with both our retail and commercial customers. Our gross margin margins are solid, and our operating expense structure is appropriate for future growth. We are putting our capital expenditures where it matters most. Our stores, our distribution centers and leveraging technology to build a superior customer experience where we are able to say yes to our customers' needs. Fiscal 2024's top priority is enhanced execution. Additionally, we have many strategic projects in various stages of completion. We will continue opening new mega hub and hubs, completing construction on the new distribution centers and optimizing our new direct import facility. We are also in the early stages of ramping up our domestic and international store growth. As you noticed, our international teams posted same-store sales comps on a constant currency basis of 10.6%, much higher than our domestic comps. International has been strong for several years now. While I mentioned all these investments in FY 2024, AutoZone's biggest opportunity remains growing share in our domestic commercial business. While Q2 was below our expectations, we believe we have a solid plan in place for growth over the remainder of the year. We know our focus on parts availability and wow customer service will lead to additional sales growth. We are excited about what we can accomplish and our AutoZoners are committed to delivering results. Now I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Phil Daniele: Yes. So if you kind of segmented the business, I think an area of customer growth on the commercial side that's been more challenged has been the folks that are more focused on under car. So think brakes, suspension, those types of areas related to the tire, one of the four corners of the car, those have probably been the areas that have been more challenged. So for us, that's categories like brakes and suspension, which we talked quite extensively about that over the last year. And that's probably been where we've been most challenged, but I'll go back to the growth opportunities we have in the commercial. At the end of the day, we still have pretty low share and there's a big opportunity for us to continue to grow share in both terms of share of wallet for the customer as well as new customers.
Phil Daniele: I would say the national accounts, depending on who they are, they can be wildly positive or negative depending on as you pick up business or your mature business, et cetera. I probably should have mentioned another area that's been challenged for us really for the last 18 months has been the Buy here, Pay here segment in the used car segment. Those have been pretty challenged as well, as they've struggled with inventory. They had incredible sales coming out of the pandemic, and that's probably been a pretty challenged segment as well.
Phil Daniele: We're effectively two weeks into our quarter, a couple of weeks into our quarter. And the taxes may be pushed back a week or two. But I think over the 12-week quarter, we expect them to be pretty similar to last year and it's -- the vast majority of the taxes should land well within our 12-week time frame. So maybe slightly moved back a little bit, but not meaningful to the quarter. We expect it to be normal.
Phil Daniele: Well, on the -- sorry, just to make sure I'm clear on your question. Questions relative to the WDs or to the actual--
Phil Daniele: Yes, I think it's hard to tell exactly what's going on in their business. But from my sense -- and we see it in our business as well. The vast majority of the supply chain constraints that you had in the latter half of the pandemic have resolved themselves, for the most part, we'll still continue to improve. In stocks are not quite back to where they were previous to the pandemic. I suspect they will continue to improve slightly. And I would also think that the vast majority of the WDs that had the inventory issues in the latter half of the pandemic have probably recovered for the most part. So, I think they're better, but I don't think they're going to have -- they're not going to materially get better over the next short period of time. I would say everybody is pretty much back to slightly lower than pre-pandemic levels.
Phil Daniele: Yes, I would say we have -- I mean, we've got two markets that we're trying to expand in today, which are obviously Mexico and Brazil. And we like where we are in our international footprint. Canada is interesting. I would say -- I would never say we would not look at Canada, but it does have a pretty solid competitive base up there. And we just think there's better opportunities for us at the moment in the current markets that we have. We've got plenty of expansion opportunities in both markets, and we like our performance internationally. It doesn't mean we never go to Canada, but it's not a focus for us at the moment.
Phil Daniele: Hey Michael, great question, and thanks for the question. At the end of the day, we have -- let me go back to our comment on share. We have very low share in this marketplace. I think we will improve from here. Can I tell you exactly when we're going to get back to double-digit growth? No. I would expect that we would grow faster. We have initiatives in place that we'll think we will accelerate our sales growth, particularly in the back half of this year, and it will continue. To nail the date when I think we get back to a positive double-digit number is frankly tough to do. There's a lot of variables in there. I think we'll see consistent share growth and consistent same-store sales and total growth in the commercial market for a long time to come, probably because we have -- we're better than we were as we continue to expand our hubs and mega hubs, improve our assortments and take share, we see a long-term growth trajectory for the commercial side of the business.
Phil Daniele: Yes. The part of your question there is what are we doing that have helped stabilize our business and get it back on a more stable footing. Our in-stocks have come back to very close to pre-pandemic levels. We've expanded our hubs and our Mega Hubs. We have a long way to go to get to our ultimate goals of North of 200 Mega Hubs. And significantly more hubs as well. Those put hard-to-find parts in the market where we can get those parts to our commercial customers, in particular, faster. It also helps DIY. It will take us quite a few innings, if you will, to get to more than 200 of those hubs. They just take longer to set up and get in place. But that is improving our efforts on delivery times. We've put in -- we've invested in technology. We've been talking about this for quite some time. We continue to leverage the technology we put in the hands of our commercial AutoZoners, and we've got some tests in place in some early innings where we're able to show better delivery times by enabling better technology and leveraging that technology. So that will take time to roll out and it will take time for our AutoZoners to digest the change management. So in the quarter of -- in the number of innings, if we're going to play baseball, which starts pretty soon this year, we'll -- maybe we're in the third or the fourth inning. But hopefully, we'll have a rally in the ninth inning.
Phil Daniele: Yes. On the SG&A front, I would we have investments that are some in CapEx, some obviously in SG&A. To the degree we can invest and grow sales and EBIT dollars, we'll make those investments all day every day. I think over time, you should see us get our EBIT -- our SG&A growth should start to bend down slightly. I wouldn't expect a radical change, but we've had a lot of investments as we continue to improve our operational efficiencies in our distribution centers, in our stores, as our AutoZoners get longer tenured and we hold on and reduce turnover things of that nature, they will obviously start bringing down some of the SG&A on the margins. But we would invest in a kind of -- I think maybe part of your question is, would we take lower margin rates in commercial as a mix of sales like Jamere mentioned to get higher gross profit dollars? Absolutely. I think we can slightly expand our margins on both DIY and commercial over time? Yes. And in an effort to increase EBIT dollars, we'll do that all day long. Those are good exchanges for us.
Phil Daniele: Yes. We're extremely excited about both of our -- both our hub and our mega hub strategy. And I'll use the previous comments around innings. We think we'll have well north of 200 mega hub and significantly larger growth of hubs. We're roughly in the third inning or so in hub growth -- mega hub growth. If you kind of said that, that strategy works for us. We see significantly higher growth in those stores -- those types of stores, and they help feed harder to find inventory to what we call our satellite stores, the markets that are close to those hubs. So, yes, we believe that is the right strategy. We will continue to modify and enhance our assortment strategies in both our satellite stores and our mega hubs and hubs to get more relevant inventory closer to the customer. The faster we can get those hard-to-find parts into the shop, the better we will grow market share. And by the way, all of that inventory we add for the commercial customer also finds its way to sales on the DIY customer.
Phil Daniele: In fact, let me add a little bit on to that, too, specifically around new stores, and I'll maybe take a little bit of a history lesson here. If you go back to FY 2017 or those types of number of years, our productivity per store, we have been on a pretty heavy diet of opening up new programs. And then we decided, from a strategy perspective, we would slow down our new store openings for commercial and really start trying to drive per store productivity. Back then, our per store productivity was in the $7,000 to $8,000 range. Today, as Jamere quoted earlier in the prepared comments, we're significantly higher than that. The other thing that's happened is as we open up new programs in today's environment versus years ago, they are maturing at a faster rate and get to a higher, more plateaued rate. So we like that math. We're probably not going to open up 60 or 600 stores in the next two years or so like we have over the recent history. That will probably slow a little bit. But we like the way the new stores come out of the box and the maturity curves that we get versus, frankly, 2017 or 2018.
Phil Daniele: Go back over long periods of time, decades, I mean, this industry has had a slight decline in transactions and units and an increase in ticket average and average unit retails in that somewhere between 2% to 4% range on average, predominantly because of changes in technology, better parts, and some -- it's great to think about belts on a car. Used to -- the average car used to have belts on it today, they have one. And the belt used to be $4 or $5 today about maybe $60 or $70. So that technology change is probably going to continue. And that's been -- it's been a pretty understandable decline in units and a change in average unit retail and we generally have pretty good line of sight to this because the product development takes years and an item may stay in our stores for 20 years. It's the beauty of having a -- frankly, a lower term business that's very predictable.
Phil Daniele: Yeah. It's -- thank you for the question. And it's early innings in that. We've been testing some stuff, how to use the data we've had our -- if you think about our handhelds and a lot of technology enhancements that we made over the last couple of years, and now we've got a pretty robust set of data where we can look and figure out what are the best and most efficient ways to use our assets, both human assets, our great AutoZoners and our trucks and where the inventory is, how do we get the part to the customer the fastest to improve customer service? It is early innings, but we like what we see, and we're in the process of rolling that out. There's some change management that we have to work through. There's some changes in technology that our AutoZoners need to be comfortable with and some changes in operations in the stores. But we like what we see, and we've had some pauses and evaluate and then move a little further, pause and evaluate and move a little further, but we're happy with what we see, and we think it will improve customer service to the shop, and we'll get the parts faster to the customer without having to drive the car any faster because we want to be safe.
Phil Daniele: I'll say two things have happened. One is -- and we've mentioned it a couple of different times. We've if you think about staffing in whole, it's not back to pre-pandemic levels, but it's better than it was during the pandemic. We still have work to do to get retention and turnover back down to pre-pandemic levels, both in our stores and in our distribution centers, but improving, and we like the trends that we're seeing, although we'd love it to be faster. The other thing we did on commercial, and Jamere has mentioned it a couple of times, we've opened up roughly 600 stores in slightly over two years. As we did that, obviously, that takes your -- the commercial specialists and the TSMs and things of that nature, those really high caliber of people that were concentrated in some stores, we expanded pretty quickly. So you got new promotions and people got to learn their job and learn those new shops and get really ingrained with those long-term relationships, and that will continue to get better as we move forward. So it's kind of two elements.
Phil Daniele: Yes. I mean, to say we're falling down the list. I don't think that would be a good characterization. Is there always opportunities to improve? The answer is yes. Go back to our share comments that we've made several times we still have under 5% share, we believe. And as we get better and mature in relationships, open up new stores, get better in new stores and drive parts availability and what we call internally time to shop. The quicker we can get those parts to the shop, the better we'll be. And this -- I think there's a bit of a misnomer that a customer has a first call. They all -- nobody has every part that's needed in a particular shop. So a customer will have multiple people they call. we think we will continually move up the call list and gain a larger share of wallet for each customer, but to say that you're always first call with any particular customers, that's pretty rare for a customer to put all of their eggs in one basket because nobody's got all the parts. It's virtually impossible. There's too many SKUs. So I think we will continue to get better. I think we've gotten better from where we were, and we've got a long road in front of us to continue to take market share and gain new customers.
Phil Daniele: Yes. Great question, and time will tell. We're not completely through winter weather, as you said. I think if I could lay out the weather calendar that I'd love to have, like I said, I would love to have more really cold winter in the big cities on the eastern seaboard. I mean if you're in New York, you've got a little bit of snow this year and it was gone within 24 hours. It's a heck of a lot more than you got last year. But New York, Philadelphia, D.C., those areas really haven't had a lot of really extreme cold weather. The Midwest did and the eastern half of the Northeast or the western half. I'm sorry, I got some pretty cold weather. But the big metro cities along the East Coast just really haven't for more than two years now. So I would love to have had more there, but that's something that we can't control. We're going to do our best to go grow market share in those company -- in those areas of the country, no matter what. So thanks for the follow-up question.
Phil Daniele: Thank you. All right. So before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment and reiterate we believe that our industry is in a strong position, and our business model is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, but we will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers do have alternatives. We have exciting plans that should help us succeed in the future, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and drive to optimize shareholder value for the future, we are confident, AutoZone will be successful. Thank you for participating in today's call.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah, I don't think we're over-earning from a gross margin standpoint. We've been very disciplined about gross margin expansion. We've been very disciplined about pricing. And what we're actually seeing in our gross margins today is we come out of the period where we had very high freight costs. We had a supply base that was very challenged from a cost standpoint when you looked at what was happening with transportation costs, wages and just overall inflation in general. As we've moved past those periods, it gives us an opportunity now to start to negotiate deflation with our supply base. And at the same time, as we took pricing during those higher inflationary periods, we're not giving back retails. So what you're actually seeing is a natural evolution of gross margins, if you will. The other thing I'll remind you is that our supply chain was particularly challenged during this time frame. And as our supply chain has improved its cost performance and its efficiencies, we're seeing some gross margin improvement in the from our supply chain. So this industry has been very, very disciplined for decades. We'll continue to be disciplined for decades. We don't believe that we're over earning and it's been a very disciplined approach to gross margin expansion and growing market share over time.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. I mean, if you look at what's happened in this industry literally for decades is during periods where we have high inflation or even hyperinflation, we've raised retails to basically cover those additions and cost. And then as those cost pressures abate, this industry typically does not lower retails. So what you're seeing is the natural progression that we've seen from a gross margin standpoint as we're now in a period where things are becoming a little bit more deflationary, it gives us an opportunity to expand our margins, if you will. And we've been very disciplined about doing that as has the entire industry over this time period.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. And the only thing that I would add to that is that we do expect our commercial business to grow faster as we move forward. And so that naturally will put some drag on the gross margin percentage, if you will, we'll take that trade-off because it will give us an opportunity to have more gross margin dollars. So there'll likely be a mix pressure as we move forward with a faster growing commercial business. But the underlying fundamentals of what we're seeing in gross margin in terms of deflation, in terms of improving supply chain profile is something that is sustainable as we move forward.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, I mean the math on that is we've added over the last couple of years or so, almost 600 new programs. So, we went back and retrofitted several stores that didn't have commercial programs. If you remember, historically, we ran sort of 80% to 85% of our stores have a commercial program. That number is now up over 92%. We really accelerated that over the last several quarters. So right now, we've got probably 300 to 400 immature commercial programs that are ramping up in terms of sales and efficiency and performance. And as those programs mature, it will certainly provide a tailwind to our business. So when Phil talks about this notion of our commercial business improving from an execution standpoint, we not only have that working in our favor, but we also have these maturing programs that have only been in operation for the last couple of quarters. And so if we think about the commercial business very broadly, I just keep grounding us back to this notion that we're underpenetrated. We have a four or five share in what's approaching a $100 billion market. We've put a number of things in place that are delivering and have delivered exceedingly well for us. And as we move forward, we like the competitive hand that we have with growing mega hub footprints, improving execution and adding more commercial programs it’s our number one growth priority inside the company and we’re all hands on deck there. And the last thing, I’ll just say is as you think about commercial as you think about the back half of this year, the front half of this year, we had – we’re up against 15 comp and then a 13 comp, the back half of the year, the comps get a little bit easier. So the comments that we made earlier in our prepared comments are just along the notion that the comparisons get a little bit easier. And as we have all of these things from an initiative standpoint, working in our favor, it gives us a lot of confidence about our back half execution.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. I think a couple of things stand out to us. The first is that the mega hubs are growing from a commercial perspective and from an overall perspective, significantly faster than our satellite stores. And it's over 3x what we see on a total domestic business basis. So we've been very pleased with the tremendous sales lift that we're getting inside of the box, both on the DIY and the commercial side. I think the second thing that gives us a lot of confidence is we talked about this notion of testing multiple mega hubs in major metro markets. And we've done that over the last few years or so. And the idea there was to jam more Mega Hubs in a market and jam more parts closer to the customer to see really how high is high. And what we experienced in that time frame was the fact that we didn't see the kind of cannibalization that we would have anticipated, which suggested that the number of Mega Hubs that we could actually operate was significantly higher. And if you'll recall, we had Mega Hub targets that went from 100 to North of 200 over a very short period of time. So we like what we see from a sales standpoint. We like what we see from an earnings standpoint. And we -- and it's not only what we're seeing inside the four walls, but it's also the fact that these Mega Hubs are an important fulfillment source for the surrounding satellite stores. So when you put all that together in the mix, I mean, it's a pretty attractive story for us both in terms of sales and earnings and return on investments. And we're going to go as fast as we possibly can to accelerate.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. I mean we've invested in SG&A in a very disciplined fashion over the last several years or so. And what we've always said is that over time, SG&A growth should be in line with what we see in terms of the top line. Now in the near-term, to your point, we've invested at an accelerated pace behind technology, behind store payroll, all of those things to drive near-term growth for us. And we won't hesitate to go do that. To the extent that there are opportunities for us to invest in SG&A to drive our growth initiatives, we will do that as we've done historically. As we move out and look to accelerate our store growth, there will be some drag on SG&A, but we should be able to manage that within that framework that I talked about.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So what we've seen on ticket growth was something in the low single-digits right now. And we're seeing same SKU inflation somewhere in that same ZIP code, Greg. I think the important thing to recognize from an inflation standpoint is we came off a period of significantly higher inflation. That's tempered some. Most of that inflation was driven by freight. So, as freight costs have come down, we've seen some of that inflation start to come down as well. And I think the overarching point is that we're continuing to be very disciplined about pricing, where there are opportunity for us to take retail as we will do so and where there's an opportunity for us to get deflation in our cost to drive gross margin, we'll do that as well. We're not expecting sort of the same levels of inflation to drive ticket growth that we have in the last year or so. And so you should expect ticket at some point to normalize back in that low to mid-single-digit range to offset the decline that we naturally see on the DIY side from transactions.
Jamere Jackson: I think that's right. And as we move forward, I mean, it's a pretty dynamic environment out there even from an inflation standpoint. We'll stay very close to and be disciplined about how we manage our business.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So, from an average wage standpoint, we're thrilled that we're starting to see average wages now with a two handle versus a three or four that we've seen over the last few years or so. So, as things have cooled down, we've seen some of the hyperinflation go away in the labor markets. We're now back to more normalized sort of wage inflation, if you will. Now, in terms of the investments that we're making, nearly every investment that we have from a growth initiative standpoint is underpinned by some changes in technology. Whether that's on the commercial side with what we're looking to do with some of our commercial acceleration initiatives are on the retail side, nearly all of those growth initiatives are underpinned by some changes that we're making in technology. Our technology teams have done a tremendous job doing that in a very cost-efficient way. And we -- and as we move forward, we'll continue to invest in a very disciplined way as we move forward. In terms of the commercial business and how we improve delivery. I mean we've been very efficient in terms of how we've deployed our physical assets in terms of vehicles and our people assets in terms of labor to manage that commercial business over time, and there hasn't been a meaningful change in what we're doing there.
