Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere. As we start a new fiscal year, I'd like to take a moment to discuss our operating theme for the new year. Last night, we kicked off our National Sales meeting with our amazing President's Club winners, our very best store managers. This week, we will embrace our theme for the year, Accelerate Together. We are very excited to have our field leadership team in Memphis for the next four days and I cannot wait to congratulate everyone on their year and thank them for their phenomenal results. They delivered exceptional results in fiscal '22, and we remain focused on superior execution and customer service heading into fiscal '23. Our culture was built on providing exceptional service and this is what will continue to define our success well into the future. As we've accelerated our top line, our competitive positioning has materially improved and customer behavior may have permanently changed post-pandemic. If this holds true, it will be the fourth time in the last 30 years that the economy and society have had significant shocks leading to material acceleration in our growth in sales and profits without a corresponding decline back to pre-recessionary or pandemic levels. Our industry is unique, and it is a very long track record of strong performance with high returns and consistent cash flows. We would also encourage you to migrate to studying our performance on a one-year comp to gauge our performance as we believe the business is steady enough to talk about year-over-year comps going forward. This time of year, I always enjoy reflecting on the past. This year, in particular, is a rewarding experience. Our team delivered some really impressive milestones, $16.3 billion in sales racing past the $15 billion milestone. DIY comps of 2.9%, most impressively, 21.6% on a three-year basis. Commercial sales blew past $4 billion, ending at $4.23 billion. Average weekly sales domestically of $46,300 per store per week equating to over $2.4 million per store annually. Our Mexico and ALLDATA teams both broke numerous records, and Brazil is poised for significant growth in store count. We bought back a record-breaking $4.4 billion in AutoZone stock, and our team has grown our EBIT by roughly 50% in three years. Yes, that's five-zero, and that is remarkable. But we can't rest on our laurels, and we aren't without our challenges. That's for sure. Our greatest challenge, which we will spend time discussing this week with the team, is "exiting pandemic mode." In addition to our fanatical customer focus and our phenomenal culture, a huge part of our historical success has been flawless execution. In all Candor, we haven't been flawlessly executing. In the depths of the pandemic, it was impossible and our teams appropriately made trade-offs. We have ensured that some of those trade-offs do not result in "new norms or worse, numbness or bad habits." Those new norms can't and won't be tolerated. We have to make sure our in-stock levels finally recover to our historic levels and they recover soon. Our vendors must return to providing us with the right amount of merchandise at the right time. Every store has to be staffed right every hour of every day. Our processes need to function correctly always. We have to meet our store opening goals and time lines. Simply put, we have to remain the execution machine we have always been an exit pandemic mode. I've had the honor of being part of this team for nearly 28 years now, and it has been one of the great privileges of my life. I could not be more proud of our AutoZoners across the organization for their commitment to passionately serving our customers. We must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success and rest assured, we are doing just that. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like three to five years from now, and we very much welcome that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry and, in particular, on our team at AutoZone. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bret. It's still quite challenging. And it's moved. I've talked about it over time. It moves from one category to another one. Most of our hard part categories, we're in pretty good shape on. We have some challenges in areas like filtration. But generally, we're in pretty good shape, but we are still a couple of points behind our overall in-stock rate that we had before the pandemic. It's been very stubborn, frankly. We're looking to push through it. But every time we think we've got it solved in other category rears its ugly head.
Bill Rhodes: Sure. Well, first, on the latter part of the question, we addressed it a little bit in our prepared remarks that when gas prices were $5.50 a gallon on average across the country, we saw an immediate reduction in our discretionary products. As those gas prices have come back down, we've seen discretionary products improve. You have to be careful because it's such a small part of our business, but we've certainly seen it improve. As for whether or not we can see positive comps in DIY for FY '23, as you know, we don't give guidance. There's a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace with inflation, with rising interest rates and the like. But I will tell you -- I'll answer it this way. This latter part of the fourth quarter was much stronger than we were expecting it to be in June and July. And so that gives us some confidence that at least for now, the DIY business is really quite strong. And frankly, as strong if not stronger than we thought it would be back in the early months of the summer.
Bill Rhodes: I think the strategies that we're focused on for the next chapter of growth are the same ones that we've been working on for about five years. We're going to continue to make sure that we've got the best coverage in the marketplace. That considers being in the best situation in the local store. It also means expansion of hubs and mega-hubs. We've talked about growing our mega-hubs from today's 78 to 200. So, we're just over -- just under 40% of the way there, and we're moving pretty quickly. Same kind of trajectory on the hub stores, we're around 200. We want to get to 300 of those. So we have lots of growth still in front of us on hubs and mega-hubs, and we're continuing to test new philosophies and new coverage even in those. We're going to continue to focus on the Duralast brand. We're leveraging technology to make our people more efficient and to reduce our delivery times. We're always making sure that we're priced strike. We've got a lot of different strategies, and that's the thing to me that's most encouraging is it's not one single thing that's making this happen. It's a holistic substantial improvement in our competitive positioning in the marketplace. At the end of the day, we got around 4% share in commercial. I said on the call today, the first time we've ever said it. We want to win and be the largest in both sectors. And it's going to take us a while, but that's our goal. And I'm very pleased with the progress that we've had with 20% growth over six consecutive quarters, that's pretty phenomenal regardless of how the industry is growing.
Bill Rhodes: Jamere, let me jump in and amplify a couple of points, too. First of all, I've been involved with this company since before we went public in 1991. This is the first time we've ever had a LIFO charge period. These are uncertain times or unique dynamics, especially with the level of inflation that we've seen in cargo freight going from $1,800 to over $20,000 per container. Those numbers have moderated significantly now, but we do have some long term -- or some midterm contracts, call them 6 to 12 months where we had to secure capacity. It is our full expectation -- and I don't know if it will happen this year or not. It's going to depend on freight costs. It is our full anticipation whatever charges we take in Q1 and Q2 ultimately will be reversed, and we will go back to zero and then we'll start building a LIFO reserve that we don't record. So, we think this $100 million to $200 million charge will be temporary, and it will reverse and it could be -- the back half of this year, could be next year, but that is fully our expectation.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I don't want to specifically say 52% gross margins is what the future is going to look like. As you've seen, there are pressures on gross margin as we continue to grow this commercial business at such an accelerated rate. That pressure is likely going to continue. But just like you said, the GAAP charge, let's just say, it was $200 million for the first half of the year. A year from now or 18 months from now, you're also going to have to think about when that $200 million comes back through the P&L. And so, we would encourage you to look at it, excluding the LIFO charges, both as it's a penalty for us now and when it's a benefit for us whenever that happens.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Terrific questions, Kate. I'll take the last one first. Duralast continues to perform exceptionally well in the DIFM sector. We've rolled it into more categories. In the last few years, we've rolled it into shocks and struts. We've rolled out a Duralast Gold type performance chassis program, and we've rolled out Duralast elite brake pads. Each of these have been well received in both the retail and the commercial market, where 10 years ago, everybody would say, we couldn't be successful in commercial because of the Duralast brand. I think, the exact opposite is true. It has become a real strength for us. Remind me the first part of your question, sorry.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, sorry. I think they're very, very similar. Both are doing very well. There's not a discernible difference between the two right now.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. First of all, we've been -- thanks for the question. Terrific. We've been direct importing for years. We've got a strong team of people in China today and import from China and Taiwan and Vietnam and Turkey and India. We've got a very robust direct import program that will continue to grow, and it's been a very important part of us managing our product cost over long periods of time. What we're doing today is we're going to make it more efficient for us. So, we've opened in the beginning stages of opening a direct import facility in California. We also announced that we're going to be opening a new distribution center in New Kent, Virginia and attached to that new distribution center will also be a direct import facility. What this is going to allow us to do is continue to import, but instead of having to buy in quantities that are going to ship from China or Turkey or India by distribution center, we're going to flow them into this direct import facility and it allows us to do postponement on the allocation of the inventory by probably 45 days, which will make us be able to reduce our safety stock in a significant way and make us more efficient. I'm really excited about this new program.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, it's a great question, Greg. It's something that we have been studying really since probably May. We have seen it at times on the margin. But really -- I mean, we've really looked for it hard. We have not seen it in mass by any stretch of the imagination at this point in time.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Well, before we conclude the call, I just want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is in a strong position, and our business model we know is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, but we will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future, but I want to stress again that it's a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the future, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
Jamere Jackson: No, we're not seeing anything changed in terms of pricing cadence. We've been very disciplined about the pricing that we put in the marketplace. Again, we've been pricing to recover inflation and been doing that pretty consistently. And as I've said before, our industry has been very disciplined over time as it relates to this, and we're not seeing anything that throws us out of whack there.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, Simeon. So what we're modeling right now, as we said, is up to $100 million in the first quarter due primarily to higher freight. We are starting to see freight moderate some in the spot markets. However, what I'll remind you is that when we were in this environment of trying to make sure that we had capacity, we were incurring higher freight charges just so that we could secure capacity. So as those short-term contracted capacity dynamics happen from freight start to roll off, we'll start to see the benefits of what we're starting to see in the marketplace, which is a moderating freight market. You could see this in the back half get better, barring any disruptions. But right now, from a forecast standpoint, we're modeling somewhere in the neighborhood of close to $100 million in the first quarter and something similar in the second quarter. From a pricing standpoint, what we've said is that when there's hyperinflation on things like freight, where, for example, container costs went up 7x what we normally pay and then spike back down over time, you typically don't price to recover those kinds of spikes. What you do is you wait for the market to sort of moderate and your price accordingly to what you see the long-term impacts are going to be. So, we're continuing to price in a disciplined way. We're monitoring what's happening in the freight markets. It will come back. It's already starting to come back. And what you'll see is that we'll get credits coming back through the P&L to offset the charges that I've talked about for the first and the second quarter. And then as we get back to our normal market conditions, you'll see us rebuild that reserve balance over time.
Jamere Jackson: From an operating standpoint, we will be spot on the algorithm that we've typically had. You do have some dynamics associated with LIFO this year where if you model in a couple of quarters of LIFO charges in the $100 million range, it will have a non-operating impact on our gross margins. So if you're thinking about modeling it that way, then certainly, that's potentially the case. But we'll come back to you. We'll be very transparent about what we're seeing. As we said, we're starting to see some moderation in the dynamics that are causing us to take a LIFO charge. As we get through the first and the second quarter, we could see some moderation there and that could change how you ultimately end up for the fiscal year. But what I want to make sure that people understand is that this certainly is an operational deficiency. It's simply non-cash LIFO accounting. And we're continuing to run the business in a very disciplined way, which means that as we've seen pricing impacts on our product costs, we're continuing to take pricing. We'll continue to drive our growth initiatives. We're going to be a very strong cash flow generator. And the most important part of the operating model in our mind is that cash is going to mean that we're going to invest in our business, and we're going to return a meaningful amount of that to shareholders this year.
Jamere Jackson: Well, from a comp cadence standpoint, a couple of things I'll point you to is, remember, the first two quarters of last year, we have well over 13% domestic comps. And those are toughest two quarters from a comp standpoint and then you start to see that comp sort of moderate in the back half of the year. And we encourage you for the full year to look at our comps on a year-over-year basis. And the things that we've talked about is, again, we have a resilient DIY business, albeit in a marketplace that has some volatility and some uncertainty associated with it. We've been very disciplined and our growth initiatives are delivered. And then probably the most important part of our story is the commercial story where we're continuing to see accelerated growth in commercial, driven by all the initiatives that Bill talked about and the fact that we're a four or five share in a large and growing market. So, that's how you should think about our comps. And again, the first half comps obviously are going to be a little bit tougher just given the fact that we printed over 13% in the first two quarters of last year.
Jamere Jackson: They don't. A couple of things I'll point you to. One is we've been at roughly a 2.1x metric. So, we have a lot of dry powder to get back to our 2.5x metric. We continue to stress that as we move through this period where our business has grown on an accelerated basis, and we have confidence in our growth prospects going forward. And we're going to move back closer to or at that 2.5x target. So that gives us a lot of financial firepower to, first of all, invest in our existing assets and grow our business, but also to give meaningful amounts back to our shareholders. So you'll see us continue to drive free cash flow and get our leverage metrics back to the 2.5x. And that means that we'll be able to do some exciting things for shareholders in the future.
Jamere Jackson: We've continued to run the playbook that we've always run inside the Company on SG&A, where we're very disciplined about cost. We tend to try to run our SG&A line to be somewhat close to what we're seeing from a sales standpoint. And so, there's a laundry list of tactics that we run every single year to make sure that we're delivering productivity from an SG&A standpoint. Every function is involved in that. So it isn't just the store functions that are a part of that. And those are the things that are, quite frankly, give us a lot of confidence that we're able to manage that line item in line with what we're seeing on the top line over time. Naturally, from a payroll standpoint, we continue to invest in the payroll line to deliver on the customer experience that our customers expect. And as the sales growth has been accelerated, we've tried to make sure that we put the hours in and the labor into our stores to be able to deliver on that promise and that experience, and it's been successful for us. And quite frankly, it's driving our top line growth.
Jamere Jackson: We have a strong program that are driving the AP to inventory numbers. The other thing I'll point to is that our turns are elevated relative to where we've been historically, 1.5x versus probably being somewhere in the 1.2x to 1.3x. And that's given us some goodness there in terms of the AP inventory ratio. It may move around a few points or so, but we're going to continue to be aggressive on the programs that we've put in place.
