Bill Rhodes: Thanks, Bill. We are very pleased to report our 39th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, growing this quarter at a rate of 12.6% over last year. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to Living the Pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution, success will be achieved with a strong attention to detail and exceptional execution. We are confident in our initiatives, and we are pleased with the progress we are making in rolling out our new supply chain model by delivering inventory to our stores on a more frequent basis. In addition, the performance of our mega hubs has been strong and ahead of our expectations and we look forward to opening more. We believe these initiatives will benefit both our retail and commercial businesses. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single digit growth rate, and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid single-digit range or better in times of strength, and we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double-digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long term. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is that solid, consistent strategy, combined with superior execution drives success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance, regardless of market conditions, and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong earnings per share growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are proud of our results this past quarter. But we are capable of doing better. We have a lot of work in front of us, but the future looks bright. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I would start with any time you're in the springtime, regardless of the markets you're in, things are changing. They're pretty volatile week-to-week. That's just the nature of the spring business. But I would say that the unaffected markets that we were talking about generally performed consistently with how they've been performing the last couple of quarters.
Bill Rhodes: Well, I would say a couple of things on that front. I wouldn't say I'm necessarily more bullish. I think we continue to be pleased with the performance of the multiple deliveries per week program. We've said all along that as we rolled out the mega hubs they were outperforming our expectations. I guess, there was one piece of negative news and that is we updated our guidance on what our new distribution centers are going to cost. They are going to cost substantially more amount of money as we got further into the due diligence. But we believe in this strategy we're rolling it out. We're pleased with the performance so far. We can see how it is benefiting our business and think it will only gain more traction over time.
Bill Rhodes: Thanks, Dave. On the competitive environment, number one, we have fantastic competitors. We have a lot of very strong competitors and have for a number of years, and that's both on the retail side and the commercial side. There is more than normal going on in the competitive environment. Obviously we have one competitor that's going through an integration effort and they're converting and or closing some stores. We're obviously monitoring that very closely and seeing how we can optimize our performance. But the biggest thing that we're focused on is us and our initiatives. We've got to make sure we believe in the game plan that we have and we've got to execute that game plan. So, I don't want to get too overly focused on what's happening short term in the competitive market.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, clearly, our commercial performance, if you go back to Q4 of last year, our commercial performance has decelerated. We talked about some of that deceleration, but not all of that deceleration has been due to the number of new stores that are going through the maturation process. But there's still a gap and we are very focused on why that gap exists and what are we going to do about it. We talked on the last call about really significantly increasing the engagement of our district managers and our store managers in the commercial business. We said at the time that will take time. That's proving to be you true, but I'm very excited about getting those great leaders more involved in the commercial business. We're also looking at what else can we do to drive sales in this business over the long term. We think inventory availability is having an impact and will continue to have an impact over the long term. But we've got to get more acceleration in our commercial sales growth.
Bill Rhodes: I think we're seeing pretty fairly significant share gains on both sides. Clearly the market, we grew 6.5% on the commercial. I don't think anybody thinks the commercial market grew 6.5%. Now, that's not as wide a gap as we had before, and then all the indicators that we have on the retail side of the business show that we continue to gain share.
Bill Rhodes: Let's make sure I'm clear on one thing first, Dan, when we talked about $1,000 to $1,500 per store, that's both our retail and commercial business. And, frankly, more than half of that goes to the retail side of the business, okay. We do believe inventory availability and saying Yes, We've Got It more frequently will build to longer and stronger relationships with our customers over time. But I don't think it is a flip the switch, and obviously that's playing out to be true. You said, yes, weather was a material drag on commercial. Also this maturation cycle is a significant drag. But, frankly, there is some more sales that we haven't figured out why we're missing those and we're working on that. And I have a high degree of confidence we'll figure it out and hopefully reaccelerate our commercial growth rate. But it's not lost on us. We're marginally disappointed with our commercial sales performance and frankly, disappointed with our sales performance overall for the quarter. But we're not managing this business for one month or one quarter or frankly, even one year.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, absolutely. We have territory sales managers on the ground in those markets. And nobody's more excited about turning on a mega hub or getting increased frequency of delivery than a territory sales manager or a store manager and they are preaching that from the rooftops.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I mean, if you think about it in the simplest form, we've acquired businesses over the years, and many of those businesses have some of the same customers that we have in the AutoZone business. So, think about ALLDATA and the customers that they overlap with our commercial customers, and think about IMC and some of the overlaps we have with those customers. So, we're really trying to build what we call one view of the customer, so that we have a holistic view of how we as an enterprise interact with that customer. And it's going to take us some time. We've been working on it’s for a while, but it's very hard to get all those data sets the same. I'm really pleased with the work our IT organization's doing but it's going to take us a while. When we come out the other side of it we think we'll be in a much better position in the market to those customers, be they retail or commercial.
Bill Rhodes: It's generally more on the traffic side, Matt. You do see some compression, for instance, if your battery business is off, because its - then that's going to hurt your ticket because that's a high-price ticket. But most of it is in the traffic count.
Bill Rhodes: To answer your first part of your question, they were flat to slightly negative in the latter part of the quarter. But really, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Greg, sales were really volatile week-to-week, and it directly correlated with when those weather patterns were coming through. To your question about should you straight-line the two year comp, our premise at this point in time, as you know we don't give guidance. But we think the weather was a pretty significant headwind in this quarter. They are calling for a hot summer. We haven't seen it yet. It's starting to heat up around here a little bit, and hopefully it does in the Northeast. But we think if that comes to fruition we could have a pretty strong fourth quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I would say, first of all, the premise behind the acquisition of IMC was it's a good business and we think it can be a great business and can be substantially larger than it is today. After we bought them, we quickly started increasing the branch count. We were at 17 branches less than 2 years ago when we acquired them. We're now at 25, that's over 50% growth or right at 50% growth. And frankly, we've probably got a little bit out in front of our skis, we were moving too fast for an organization that had not opened a lot of branches over time, and we were also doing a lot of integration with AutoZone. And so, we've slowed down a little bit and intend to slow down our branch growth and really work on the fundamentals of the business in the 25 branches that we have and then restart the branch expansion later. We are using, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have about 700 stores that are using and selling IMC parts. That is just to supplement our commercial offerings. It's not going to be a radical change in the sales trajectory of our commercial business. But it's a nice way to say Yes, We've Got It to a commercial customer who has a unique need.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, as far as a separate sales organization, we have separate and distinct sales organizations for AutoZone, commercial, ALLDATA and IMC. Now, we are doing some work around them on lead generation between the three different businesses, but each one of those is really a standalone organization. As far as on the AutoZone side regarding mega hubs and increased frequency of delivery, at the current point we don't believe we need a significant expansion of our sales force. We've got a very talented sales force that we've built over the last seven or eight years and think they are performing well. We've just got to keep telling our story.
Bill Rhodes: No, I don't think we addressed it. Frankly, we just missed our estimate. It's been a while since we built a distribution center. These are in different geographies which have different site preparation costs. It was just a function of we got deeper into the due diligence and found out they were going to be more expensive than we thought. It's the same general operating model that we've opened in the last couple of distribution centers we've opened.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I'm trying to remember back, I think we quantified it and said we thought it might be 1 point, 1.5 points, something like that. As we're thinking about gas prices currently and yes, they are elevated but they are still at historically low levels for the last decade or so. So, when we're thinking about it, yes, it may have muted that benefit, and maybe slightly a headwind, but we don't think it's a significant major driver. It will be interesting to watch what happens to miles driven as we get those data sets that show when gas prices started to increase. So far, all the miles driven data we've seen has been incredibly positive.
Bill Rhodes: No, what we've really seen is in gas prices the real shocks that we've seen have been when gas prices got to $4. And there seemed to be almost a magic switch there, that it changed customer behavior. People started changing where they lived or where they worked or using public transportation. There was a meaningful change in miles driven at those levels. Below those levels it's really hard to ferret out.
Bill Rhodes: No. I think you can contribute some of it to the maturation cycle change. You can contribute some of it to the weather, and I think there's still a gap there that we haven't identified yet.
Bill Rhodes: No, I think cannibalization by definition is less today than it was three or four years ago when we were opening 400 programs. We're just not opening as many on top of the other programs.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I don't think they were ever in decline. I think that they were not growing as rapidly as we would have expected because that cannibalization was coming in. Now a specific store, if we open a store two miles down the road, yes, it might go in decline for six months. But as a general rule, most of them were continuing to grow.
Bill Rhodes: No, I think we're absolutely on par, if not ahead, with our initiatives, particularly the mega hubs. We see the performance every week. We know that they are outperforming where we thought we would be. We see the inventory, the frequency of deliveries, they continue to perform in line with our expectations, if not even a little bit ahead there. So, we're seeing that performance. There's just other things that are going on in the business too, that are giving us a little bit of headwind and that happens over time.
Bill Rhodes: We're clearly seeing that we're selling some products to them, but it's not going to be a meaningful change in the overall performance of the commercial program.
Bill Rhodes: It's a great question, Alan, but we don't focus on it that way. What we're doing, we run simulations so we can understand what they wouldn't have sold. And those stores are all over the country. So some of these weather patterns that we're seeing would distort those views in certain areas versus other areas. I think we're just going to stick with what we've said all along, that we expect, when a store gets each of these two initiatives, then their sales will grow between $1,000, $1,500 per week, and we're seeing that's being confirmed in our test results, excuse me, our roll outs.
Bill Rhodes: I think we're seeing both. Clearly we're constantly out there trying to hunt for new accounts and build better relationships. We also are out there building deeper relationships with the customers that we have. So I would say it's on both sides.
Bill Rhodes: It sounds like Scot - I think he already asked a question. So we'll just go into the closing. Before we conclude the call I want to wish everyone a nice Memorial Day weekend, and look forward to updating you on our initiatives in September. While we're excited about our growth prospects for the remainder of the year, we will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this quarter, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call.
Bill Giles: An AutoAnything, that's obviously primarily focused on performance and accessories business. But as you may have seen, we are beginning to expand in some replacement parts on AutoAnything. That's still relatively new but we're continuing to expand the SKU count on the site to be more encompassing and to really take advantage of the name AutoAnything.
Bill Giles: I think it's probably a combination of both cost concessions and also sourcing. And so we've put a lot more time, energy and effort around improving our capabilities around sourcing. We've mentioned earlier that we had established an office overseas to help support that effort. That's still relatively immature. And so from our vantage point we're very pleased with the hard work the merchandising organization has done to improve our overall margin rates and we really think there is continued opportunity for us to continue on that track some time into the future. Obviously I don't know exactly what that rate will be, but we're really pleased with the health of the margin and our opportunity to continue to grow it.
Bill Giles: Actually, I'd say our overall inventory level right now at $629,000 a store is pretty close to where we think it should be able to sustain itself, between 629 and say, 640. I think that the more frequent delivery has allowed us to optimize some of the inventory even though we're increasing the amount of inventory we have in the mega hubs. So I think the organization's done a pretty good job of balancing out. We've obviously increased it pretty significantly, if you go back a couple of years. But we think that probably that 630, 640 is a pretty good range for us at the moment.
Bill Giles: Yes, I would think of it as more intentional. I think that we're very focused on improving customer service and so we've made some investments from a payroll perspective. Yes, we're getting some pressure from some of the regulatory environment in terms of wage rates, et cetera. But I would say that's much to a lesser extent currently. So today, I would say that it's more intentional from ensuring that we've got great customer service in the stores.
Bill Giles: Yes, nothing much more dramatic than that, Greg. I mean, we've already added tractors and trailers to support more frequent deliveries. There will be a little bit more of that as we open up new distribution centers. But for the most part I would think of it as those three distribution centers over the next couple of years. Exactly right.
Bill Giles: I'd say that we're focusing it more on an online strategy and we're basing it based on the level of value proposition that the online retailer has. So obviously returns are a little bit more difficult, you don't have the trustworthy advice that you have at a brick-and-mortar store. So we're pricing it appropriately based on that and based on the level of service that we provide.
