Bill Rhodes: Thank you Bill. We managed our business very well this past quarter. I would like to take this opportunity to again commend and congratulate our AutoZoners on a job very well done. We executed our plan and had very few surprises. While we do not and will not manage our business to a 7% comp, we are encouraged by our level of execution and our results and we look forward to our busiest selling season; our fourth quarter.  Our stores look great heading into this quarter. The morale across our organization and specifically in our stores is high and our AutoZoners are excited about the investments we have made in their stores and in them personally. We remain focused on our key priorities stated at the beginning of our fiscal year; one, relentlessly hiring, retaining and training our AutoZoners to make sure we are delivering on our stated corporate goal of providing the best in trustworthy advice.  Second, continually refining our product assortment in order to meet all of our customer needs. Third, deploying inventory effectively across our network with specific emphasis on utilizing our hub and satellite network of stores. Fourth, commercial sales growth with a pay-as-you-go mentality albeit impatiently, improving our business with up and down the street, national accounts and public sector customers is our objective. We will continue to develop our sales team in order to make this happen.  Lastly, we will work to expand the rollout of our blended store concept, our One Team initiative. We believe there can be real power in managing our stores as one cohesive unit. This will only strengthen our service levels to all customers. As we remain on track with all of these initiatives we promise to continue our focus on innovation and improving every aspect of our business. We remain focused on steady, profitable sales and earnings improvement.  We had a very good quarter which is again worthy of congratulating our entire organization for their commitment of living the pledge. However, we will not rest on our past performance. Our approach remains consistent. We are focused on going the extra mile in 2010 and we remain very well positioned to do just that.  Now we would like to open up the call for questions. 
Bill Rhodes: That is a great question and I will get Bill Giles to add on to it a little bit. What we are trying to do is make sure we manage our business effectively to whatever business environment we are in. I will point you back to last quarter where we had a 1% comp. We were able again to manage our expenses very well. This quarter we did see significant sales acceleration at the beginning of the quarter and we did some things like accelerating our hub store enhancements. 
Bill Rhodes: We really haven’t laid out specifically how we are going to do that. What we are doing, and I mentioned pay-as-you-go. That is our mentality. Put some in. Get them to the point they are productive and providing incremental EBIT and then take that incremental EBIT and invest it in the next group. We are now over 200 and we look to be significantly higher than that and we really frankly don’t even know how high is high at this point in time. 
Bill Rhodes: The way we are really looking at it is we want to do things that benefit all of our customers. When we focus on the things that are important to the up and down the street customer they translate terrific to the national accounts customers as well. We have seen more growth in the up and down the street in recent quarters. Some of that has been because of some of the businesses we are not doing business with but we are having really nice results with a tremendous amount of our national account customers as well. 
Bill Rhodes: Really we haven’t focused on labor hours that much. We have basically focused on, if you take a typical store it may have two people in it at a point in time for DIY and two people working on commercial If you get a rush either in DIY or commercial and you are focused on leveraging those two folks you don’t have the resources you have when you manage the whole business. So we have really seen we haven’t significantly changed labor hours up or down but what we have seen is we have been better able to service customers on both sides of the business and that has benefited us on the sales [department]. 
Bill Rhodes: It is. Will it give us opportunities in the future to look at leveraging payroll differently? Maybe. It also may give us an opportunity to add payroll and be more productive. So we really don’t know at this point. 
Bill Rhodes: First I would say we are so focused right now on making sure we have the right parts coverage in our stores that we have been pretty cautious on removing that slow moving inventory in the satellite stores. Candidly we will remain pretty cautious on it. We will do it methodically over time because the last thing we want to do is start saying no to customers in the marketplace. As you can tell from our overall inventory results we were down 2% on a per store basis. That is a significant contributor to that decrease and there is probably more upside to that over the long-term but at the same time, as you mentioned, we are going back in and putting in newer, late model coverage to make sure we can fulfill the needs of primarily the commercial business but one thing we keep learning is every time we put inventory in that is newer and fresher the DIY business uses it as well. 
Bill Rhodes: I would say I was quite pleased with 15.5% growth in commercial business in Q3. Like I said with the 7% I wouldn’t straight line that. If we come down slightly I am not worried about it. I am very satisfied with the strategies we have put in place and really commend both the operating team on improving the service levels of the stores and also the sales teams which remember is only three years old. While we will continue to add numbers to that sales team the maturation of that sales force is still very early and candidly I am very pleased with how they are progressing. 
Bill Rhodes: What we have stated is we continue to have share increases in DIY and commercial. I think they might have been slightly lower this quarter than they have been in the last few quarters. We started annualizing some very significant gains last year. 
Bill Rhodes: I do. I don’t have empirical evidence to say it. We have looked at a lot of different factors. The one that we called out was we believe there was a benefit from tax refunds. If you think about a very challenged macro environment and particularly some of the customers we deal with who were hit the hardest by it, them getting a refund check is like a monetary stimulus to them and I think that helps bring it in. Also I think there is some factor coming out of winter there is more demand pent up and people are doing that when the weather breaks. 
Bill Rhodes: I wouldn’t say we have seen a significant change in commodity price points over the last 12 months. Before that there was a very significant change. Just talk about oil for instance. We used to sell it for $1.99 a quart. It is now on the shelf at $4.29 but there is also continuing good promotions certainly by us. We are selling a 5+ quart jug and an oil filter at a very attractive price. All in, I don’t think there has been a significant increase in commodity pricing that is driving any of the sales performance. 
Bill Rhodes: I wouldn’t attribute our performance in the commercial business to many significant external factors. I think the external factors certainly come into play more in the DIY business because we have a more mature business. But in commercial I think our destination is generally solely up to us. We are so new in this business that I really wouldn’t put it to dealerships. If you look at the acceleration from just last quarter we were at 8.5% and we went to 15.5%, clearly dealership closings didn’t happen at that rate during the quarter. 
Bill Rhodes: I would say it is pretty much across the board. I would say both of them, our penetration and the new customers, generally grew at about the same rate proportionately to when they were growing at 8.5. So nothing material there. 
Bill Rhodes: I think a big part of it is having the parts. We have expanded the coverage significantly in those new model rollouts and so we are able to say yes quite a bit more frequently than we were before. I also think there is a halo effect. When you continue to say yes to special order needs or special order requests from customers regardless of whether they are commercial or DIY, you build more confidence with them and the next time they have something be it a special item or a regular item they are more likely to call you. We have seen a little bit of a rising tide [on all boats].
Bill Rhodes: The majority of the 15% of the commercial growth? I wouldn’t say that at all. I would attribute it more to our operating execution and our sales force development and maturation than I would to the hub stores. Don’t forget the hub stores are benefiting significantly on the DIY side. In fact, more of the benefit as a percentage of the total comes from DIY because we have 85% of our business in DIY. 
Bill Rhodes: I would say it is more on the personalization and performance related areas. I would like to call out our merchandising team. I think that group in particular has focused very hard on finding ways to fulfill customer needs and they have changed their product mix as a result of the economic situation that exists today. So things like car mats and radios and all towing and travel, all those kinds of items are where we have seen some of the pickup. 
Bill Rhodes: Again, I don’t want to over-state that. We said it went up to 20% of the mix but we also said that generally happens this time of the year. I think there is…spring is coming and I want to get my car looking good again. 
Bill Rhodes: Our business comes out strong starting around Valentine’s Day. It really comes on pretty hard and it has ups and downs over the next 6 months but remains pretty strong throughout the summertime. 
Bill Rhodes: Thank you. Before we conclude the call I would like to take a moment to reiterate our business model remains very solid. Our customers continue to tell us we are improving on our efforts to meet or exceed their needs. Market share data confirms their opinion. We have a solid and consistent plan and a great team. I want to stress this is a marathon and not a sprint. Our focus is on our critical success factors. As we continue to focus on the basics and never, ever take our eye off of optimizing long-term shareholder value we are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful.  With this Memorial Day extended weekend upcoming I hope we all take time to remember those heroes who died servicing our country. Thank you very much for participating in today’s call. 
Bill Giles: Just to add on to that, I think we are trying to be relatively clear on those initiatives where we have added some incremental investments and tried to help quantify those for you. We believe those are going to continue to drive our business for the long-term. The one thing I would drive you back to is the organizations incredible ability to respond to the sales environment in which we are operating in and being able to manage the expenses appropriately in order to continue to deliver strong earnings growth. 
Bill Giles: I think we certainly have a positive outlook on gross margin as we look forward. We believe there are various attributes of gross margin that continue to have opportunity for us to expand. I think we have done a good job this quarter. We talked a little bit about the shift in mix. That is going to be somewhat timing within a quarter. At the same time we have got lower acquisition costs. I think our merchandising organization has done a very good job of continuing the work and reduce our acquisition costs. Some of that comes from direct sourcing as well and we always continue to have some opportunities on the supply chain.  We feel terrific about the improvements and enhancements we have made to improving gross margin and at the same time we have experienced an acceleration in our commercial business. Going forward we continue to see opportunities on each of those fronts. 
Bill Giles: There is always things that can happen in the future but at the moment I think we have done a very good job between price optimization as well as lower acquisition costs as well as expanding our ability to increase our direct sourcing to reduce acquisition costs. Then also our supply chain organization has done a terrific job with managing their infrastructure. 
Bill Giles: I think it is fair to say there will be some embedded expense in there. Some of the commercial [picks] continue to improve the commercial business overall particularly as we are talking about converting some of the hubs there is an element of some of those expenses that are ongoing in order to operate it. Obviously we believe as we continue to and as Bill talks about all the time on the pay-as-you-go mentality we continue to get the appropriate returns for the investment we are making and on a long-term basis expect to leverage those expenses. 
Bill Giles: It is still fairly early because those stores are still relatively immature. But I believe that strategy was helpful for us and it allowed us to penetrate faster into markets we were under-penetrated in. Overall, our returns continue to perform well. I think some of the strategic decisions that we made on those stores individually have turned out very well and the returns have remained very healthy. 
Bill Giles: They have all opened strong. So they have opened a little bit better. Our new store productivity overall has been a little bit stronger than it has been historically. So I would say we have been very pleased with that. 
Bill Giles: I think we have talked before about it being as much of mix in products. I think that is a lot of the offering and the work the merchandise organization has done I think there has been a piece of that in lower acquisition costs which I think is our merchant’s ability to source product in a more effective basis in order to help lower costs. I think we have also experienced some improvements in our supply chain organization and their ability to continue to squeeze costs out of their organization and leverage it. We run a very healthy gross margin. We have generated some slight improvements over the quarters and we continue to remain positive. 
