William Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere, and I have to take a moment and recognize you. Your grasp of the fundamentals of this business in less than six months is extraordinary, and thank you for being here. We're so glad you joined the team. These continue to be unique and extraordinary times and they continue to require us to look at many things differently while managing our business day to day. I'm extraordinarily proud of our team, across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While we are learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets.  We are fortunate to have extraordinary people, who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their families or simply get back and forth to school. They've worked exceptionally well to deliver on our commitments thus far, but we must stay focused and we must continue to deliver. There are no layups. We must continue to innovate and we must continue to execute. Our domestic retail business continues to do tremendously well. We understand trends will slow in the future. We're going to work. We're going to work as hard as possible to gain as much share as possible and limit our headwinds. And we continue to see a tremendous ongoing opportunity within our domestic commercial business. Our business continues to do very well and we are still in the early innings of growth. But as always, we have work to do as we head into our spring selling season. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and our customer's safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We will ultimately be measured by what our future cash flows look like three to five years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, on AutoZone. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Well, thank you for the question, Michael. Yes, as you've seen over time, we've been very artful in how we've been able to manage gross margin for not just years but decades. We found some particular specific opportunities where we found places to invest and improve our value proposition to our customers. They're very specific pieces, both in the retail business and the commercial business. I don't know exactly what's going to happen a year from now. Our team is going to continue to innovate. We are constantly raising prices and we are constantly lowering prices, trying to find that sweet spot where our customers value - the value that they're getting the best. So I don't know exactly what it's going to be over the long term. But if you recap and what Jamere said, the gross margin, we had about 40 basis points, which was a onetime negative from last year. So, all the things that were embedded in there, of which price was one of them, accumulated to 40 basis points. Frankly, I'm not that smart to know what the gross margin is going to be within 40 basis points, two or three years from now.
William Rhodes: Yes. We talked, I guess, probably three years ago that we were embarking on a new commercial study, and we developed a new strategy that we began rolling out probably 18 months or so ago. And we're still in the early innings of rolling out that strategy. It has many different elements. I mean, this Hub and Mega-Hub portion of the strategy, which is taking years but it is making a meaningful difference, a very meaningful difference in our ability to say yes to our customers. And it's leaning towards commercial although, it's helping DIY tremendously as well. That's an element of it. We've rolled out new technology in our commercial business. Handheld technology, which allows us to be able to better understand what our delivery times are and manage our delivery times better. We're significantly already reduced our delivery times in the last six months, and we think we have more room to go. We've also enhanced our website, and our ability to communicate and be easy to do business with, with our commercial customers. So I don't think it's - and then, of course, the ongoing evolution and building of the Duralast brand. So it's not one individual issue. It's an amalgamation of all these different issues coming together and improving our competitive position. Not to mention, during the global pandemic and the stay at home and safe at home orders, we were there for our customers, every day. And that allowed us to introduce ourselves at a different level to some customers. And I think that has resulted in stickier long-term relationships.
William Rhodes: Yes. I would say a couple of things. First, as I said in our script, and it's pretty clear from the data that we have. The strategy is working. What we're seeing is the benefits of top line growth. We're seeing our share numbers go up. We're seeing strong traffic. We're seeing ticket. We're seeing unit growth, so all of the metrics point to the fact that the strategy is working. What we're not seeing is we're not seeing a ton of cost pressures that are material. And industry pricing remains rational. So what we're doing is part of this strategy is very surgical. In other words, we're not peanut butter-spreading, price declines across the business, but we're being very surgical using very sophisticated data and analytics. And those are the thing that give us a lot of confidence that what we’re doing makes a lot of sense for the consumer and makes a lot of sense for us. So as we move forward, we're going to continue to lean into this strategy. And our approach is delivered in the marketplace. Listen, I - as I spent time over the last six months or so, I like the competitive hand that we have, if we can continue to delight our customers the way we have over the past year or so, and we live up to the pledge of having the best merchandise at the right price, this will continue to be a win for our shareholders, and we're going to see the results in the bottom line of our business.
William Rhodes: Let me add to that for just a second, too. You mentioned loyalty. And we don't know what's going to happen to loyalty costs as we go forward. The reason our loyalty costs are up is because our customers are doing more repeat business with us. The biggest part of our growth is coming from existing customers returning to our stores more frequently. We are tickled to death with that. I hope it continues next year and is another pressure point because it means we're gaining additional share, and it's a very profitable share gain for us.
William Rhodes: Absolutely. And yes, you're right. There's a temporary - while people are locked down, our business suffers and suffers significantly, but when things warm up, our business rebounds immediately and for a sustained period of time. More importantly, those conditions put significant incremental wear and tear on certain under-car parts. And there's a lag effect that will typically last nine months or so for us. And it's something we were talking about before the pandemic. The fact that our business was expected to be soft last spring and summer because we had a mild winter. Well, when the pandemic hit, that changed everything. But this year, we shouldn't have to be talking about a mild winter dampening our results in the spring and summer.
William Rhodes: Yes, terrific question. And yes, you have to bifurcate it between what's going on in the retail sector versus what's going on in the commercial sector, both of which we're gaining share two times or three times - we're growing two times or three times faster than the industry growth rates by all indications we have. We have really good data on the retail share gains. We don't have as good a data but we can look at headline growth numbers in the commercial gains. On retail, we are picking up a lot of share from what's traditionally, we believe in the mass channel. I think a lot of people are not frequenting those large stores at the same rate that they did in the past. And what we're focused on is making sure, as we're getting those incremental visits, that we are going above and beyond so we get those visits in the future. I think also, as this brick-and-mortar omnichannel strategy comes to place, I think we're also not losing share that we might have been losing before to the online channel, and in fact, maybe gaining some of that share back over time. In the commercial sector, I think it's hard to say where the share is coming from. We are less than 4% market share in the commercial industry today. I think it's likely coming from probably multiple different places. We certainly have intensified our understanding of what the wholesale distributor market is doing, and we're paying more attention to them and our competitive analysis and building our strategy. And we think that over time, we've significantly changed our competitive position, particularly against the WDs. You think about what we've done with assortment, what we've done building a sales force and now we've got this technology that we have in place, it's going to improve our deliveries. I think that our competitive positioning in the marketplace is vastly different than what it was four, five years ago.
William Rhodes: Yes. Certainly, Bret. We've experienced significant supply chain disruptions over the last 11 months. Certainly a lot less today than we had, call it, June, July, August. I think I mentioned on one of these calls, we couldn't get sandpaper for a while. We had trouble with fuses. We had trouble with tools. I mean, we just had such enormous surges in certain parts of our business that we couldn't keep up, and many of those came with an extended supply chain that ran into China or Asia. We've worked through most of those. I have to give our team and our battery suppliers some kudos that the battery business has been as strong as it's been for as long as it's been. And then we had this huge cold surge or cold snap and we did just fine. Our team was very creative and worked with lots of different suppliers to make sure we were in good shape. So we don't have any acute needs right now. Some issues on the edges. Our in-stock position has significantly improved, but it's not back to our normal levels yet, probably going to take a few more months.
William Rhodes: That's a terrific question, Seth. I'm not sure how to answer it all. Clearly, I think we talked that we were worried. If anything, we might have pulled forward some battery business, because those cars parked last spring, and they sat for five or six weeks, as soon as the safe at home went away, our battery business boomed. But that battery business has sustained really high levels ever since. We've seen no dip in our battery business. We've seen weeks where we're going up against tough winter weather where it might be softer. But overall, it has exceeded our expectations over the last 11 months. As far as sustainability of these sales surges, the thing that keeps resonating with me is, if you think about our business over really long periods of time, when our customers have incremental time and specifically, incremental money, our business outperforms normal periods of time. And it's been that way for the last decade when we get tax refunds. How much have we talked in this environment about the surge we see during tax refund season, which is just beginning right now? We've seen it every single year. And when and when tax refunds moved back three weeks, we had to spend a lot of time talking about it because it moved out of one quarter into another quarter. It's just evidence that when our customer who are often term as financially fragile, when they get some incremental dollars, we seem to get a disproportionate share of those funds. And we saw it again in January when the stimulus came out. It wasn't nearly the stimulus that we saw last April, but within a day, within a day, we saw that those funds showing up in significantly improved business for us. And that sustained itself through the end of the quarter. Now we're talking about another stimulus, which could frankly, could dwarf what happened last April. If that comes, what does that mean to our business? All the indications we have is it would be very strong for our business because each time we've seen those incremental dollars our business has performed better than normal.
William Rhodes: Yes. I don't think the stimulus plays nearly as much in the commercial business as it does the DIY business. And I think most of the end consumers in the commercial business are higher socioeconomic - higher up on the socioeconomic ladder. So that incremental money doesn't mean as much to them. In fact, both businesses were doing really well. Commercial is continuing to rebound. But there are still elements of the commercial business that aren't as strong as they were pre-pandemic, particularly some of our national account players, the up and down the street business has been stronger than the national account business. And again, I think that, that has to do with the end consumer that is servicing or picking the UDS business versus picking the national account business.
William Rhodes: Yes. I don't think we've really seen any significant category shifts. I mentioned the battery business has been particularly strong. We've seen - we talked about the sales floor business being really strong. What we have seen in recent - in this quarter is a resurgence of our hard parts business, in particular, some of the failure-related items. I think some of that has to do with actually getting into winter and having a more normal winter this year. We've also talked about our maintenance products not being at the same levels that we're experiencing in the rest of our business, things like brakes and rotors and the like. And I think that, that's personally a hold on from the lack of winter last year, and the fact that miles driven are down and those maintenance items for some of the higher socioeconomic groups may be negatively impacted.
William Rhodes: There's a lot to unpack there, Mike. Thank you for the question. I really hate this new setup with Bill and Jamere. Used to if somebody said Bill and it was a hard question, I would just look at Giles and let him answer it. But you put it on me this time. So let's talk about our digital business. In the commercial sector, it's not like the retail system where our customer's really picking a channel, they're picking the way they want to order parts. So there are two primary ways they order parts. They pick up a phone and call us or they go online and click buttons. And we fulfill it the exact same way regardless of how they initially interact with us. We've been doing a lot of work trying to make - doing it digitally with us, easier and we've made significant strides, really proud of the team that's been doing that work over the last couple of years, in particular. And we've also made a lot of other back office things easier for the customer. We've also done some work with ALLDATA to make ALLDATA more ingrained in the purchase decision with the customer. So I'm really pleased where we are with that. And we are seeing significant growth, but the vast majority of our interactions with customers today are still over the phone. We believe and hope over time that our percentage of digital penetration in the commercial business will continue to increase at a pretty rapid pace. On the retail side of the business, we kind of have three different businesses that we interact with. We have Buy Online, Pick-Up In-Store. We have traditional ship to home, which comes out of our fulfillment center or we have next-day delivery, which is the program that you mentioned with FedEx, where we're leveraging our Hubs and Mega-Hubs, and customers can order with us as late as 10 p.m., midnight in a couple of markets, and we'll have it on their doorstep the next day. Each one of those three businesses is growing significantly, really high rates faster than the rest of the business. But our Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store is growing at twice the rate of our ship to home and next-day delivery business. And that again shows us, once again - and remember, the way we price in the online world, if you do ship to home or next-day delivery, on most purchases, you can generally get a 20% discount. But our customers are electing to do Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store with us at twice the growth rate of ship to home or next-day delivery, which again proves to us the notion that we have to be an omni-channel provider. We've got to have great stores and great customer touch points, convenience and knowledge that our AutoZoners provide to our customers is very valuable to our customers. So I hope I unpacked that okay for you.
William Rhodes: All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take just a moment to reiterate, we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress, like always, that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day and stay safe.
Jamere Jackson: Well, I mean, our approach on inflation, quite frankly, is to be disciplined. Where we see commodity price inflation, we have to be disciplined enough to take price to recover that. And that's something that we've done over time in the business. What we're seeing today is we don't see any material increases that have us concerned. But if we do, we will be disciplined to make sure that we're taking price to recover those bumps that we see from commodity pricing. So even in an environment where we're trying to be as surgical as we can about the pricing moves that we make, and as Bill said, we're taking price up and price down, where it makes sense for us to take pricing, we do have pricing power and we're disciplined enough to take price where we see commodity inflation. 
Jamere Jackson: That's right. So as we said, we had about 77 basis points of deleverage this quarter. About 40% of that was related to supply chain costs, and the other roughly 40 basis points is the supply chain costs and the remainder is the initiatives that we talked about. And what I'll say about our outlook in the future is that we're going to continue to lean into the strategy that we have today, because in this environment, what we're seeing is it's working. We're getting top line. We're getting EBIT dollar growth, and we're going to lean into that as we move forward. So we won't be date-certain necessarily about when you'll see an inflection point, because we're in the early innings of this strategy and it's delivering for us.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So the key with mega hubs is that, it increases the number of SKUs that we have available, and it enables us to say, yes, more. And so to the extent that we have that coverage and those parts available, that bodes well for us as we're going into our existing customers and our new customers. What I'll say about commercial is that we grew 15%. We grew significantly with locals and nationals.  But probably the one story that I want people to continue to focus on is that, we're underpenetrated. I mean, a 4% share gives us a tremendous opportunity to create a faster-growing business. So as we execute on this growth playbook that we talked about, we're seeing significant share gains. We're pleased with that execution in the marketplace.  And the mega hub strategy, the things that we're doing with technology, the fact that we're laser-focused on being competitively priced, all of these things give us an opportunity to create a faster-growing business and we're pretty excited about it.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. First of all, we believe there's going to be a market. And AutoZone is going to be a big player, just as we are today with the internal combustion engine. Our strategy is simple. We're just going to follow the consumer just like we've done in the past. We're not wed to internal combustion engine technology. We've significantly changed our assortment over time to reflect the latest technology. So this is not an accidental threat for us. We're operating from a position of strength. If you think about our business today, we're already supplying parts and supplies to the EV market, things like wiper blades. We have world-class capabilities in supply chain and merchandising. We have great relationships and partnerships with the OEMs who have a seat at the table today and can help us forecast the volumes and the timing of the market changes. And we have this tremendous retail footprint in commercial business that gives us distribution points.  So as we think about the parts and supplies that are at risk with electric vehicles versus internal combustion engines, there will be offsets. I mean, there will be - clearly, there'll be some things that are at risk, but there will be offsets to those. And there'll be opportunities for us in both DIY and DIFM. So listen, despite what we see in headlines and announcements from the OEMs, we're a bit cautious because the market has some near-term challenges that we're watching closely.  First of all, consumer adoption is uncertain. We - roughly 2% of the market today and it's growing slowly. And if you look at the U.S. in particular, the charging infrastructure is not ready for prime time. The rapid charging stations need to be built out. It's going to be expensive. It's probably going to take some combination of public and private partnerships. The business model there has an uncertain path to profitability. And quite frankly, we think there's going to be some need for some pretty significant power grid investments. But we do believe there's going to be a market and we're going to be a player, and we're simply going to follow the consumer.
Jamere Jackson: Well, what we've said is that, we're going to take our free cash flow. And our number one priority has been and will continue to be to invest in our business in a disciplined way. The free cash flow that we generate inside the business gives us tremendous financial firepower to both invest in our business in a disciplined way and return significant amounts of cash to investors in the form of our repurchases currently. We've got tremendous confidence in that plan, and we're going to continue to execute as we finish out the balance of the year.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So a couple of things about this one. One is, we do think that there will be several mitigants at our disposal as we move into this environment. It's still uncertain about what we'll see and the cadence that we will see that. These are all things that we've been contemplating for a while. The first thing I'll say is that, we've done a tremendous job inside of our operations, really driving productivity. And over time, what that's meant for us is that we have a highly productive workforce here that is delivering. And you can see that in this environment where we have accelerated sales growth, you're seeing us getting very decent leverage with our teams in the field. So that's one. The second thing is, the reality is that when there are inflationary pressures in the business, whether they're commodities or wages, you have to be disciplined as a company to make sure that you recover those. And so we're very disciplined on the pricing front. Whenever we see cost inflation from any area of the P&L, we find ways to offset that with pricing. And we believe we're going to have that pricing power into the future. And then I think the third thing that stands out to me as it relates to minimum wages, we're going to do what's right for our AutoZoners.  That's always been our philosophy inside the company. And so the cadence with which the legislation happens will have an impact on that. But across our business today, we're always focused on doing what's right for the AutoZoners and making sure that we're competitive in terms of acquiring labor. And so to the extent that there are changes that happen in the wage landscape, we're going to be competitive there, and we're going to have a business that enables us to be competitive in the future.
