Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We are pleased to report our 32nd consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth and for the year to report an EPS growth rate of 16.3% on a comparable 52-week basis. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach of leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off the execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must stay committed to executing day-in and day-out on our game plans. Success will be achieved with an intention to detail and exceptional execution. Before I conclude, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2014. We were able to build on past accomplishments and delivered some impressive results in recognition of the dedication, passion and commitment of our AutoZoners. I want to highlight that in 2014 we grew sales in all of our businesses. With this growth, we were able to achieve and comfortably surpass the $9 billion annual sales milestone for the first time on a 52-week basis. As previously mentioned, we opened our 400 stores in Mexico. We reached a definitive agreement to acquire IMC. We believe IMC is the right business at the right time for us. The management team at IMC is exceptional and we can’t wait to grow the business for many years to come. Our inventory availability testing and hub store remodels have been nothing short of incredible. We’ve learned a tremendous amount and believe our findings will lead us to more productive models. We are talking more than ever about innovation as the industry leader, it is imperative that we stay ahead; making sure every aspect of our offering has improved from inventory assortments to our commercial offerings to leveraging the power of information technology enhancements. We can leave no stone unturned. We invested more in information systems infrastructure this past year than in recent memory, an investment that will pay dividends for years to come. At the end of the day, our customers have choices and we must innovate to ensure they turn to us for their vehicle needs. Again, we are excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, ecommerce, Brazil and now IMC. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid single-digit range or better in terms of strengths. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flows to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share into double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue wining for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid, consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our key -- our performance regardless of market condition and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth in ROIC each and ever quarter is how measure ourselves. We are pleased with our results this past year, but we much remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. I can’t wait to sit down and talk with our leadership team at our upcoming national sales meeting. This team is comprised of the best leaders in our industry. We are launching our – while every customer, everywhere [same] and I know our leaders combined with our talented team of more than 70,000 AutoZoners will do just that. Now we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Thank you, Alan. It’s a great question. First of all, I want to update everybody that as on last Friday we received HSR clearance. And so, we are working towards closing the deal and hopefully can do it in the next week or so. So, at this point in time our integration efforts as you would expect as we’re going to the regulatory approval process has been minimal. But we’ll start working that diligently as we go forward. With respect to our growth plans, they currently have 17 branches and there are considerable opportunities for growth. You can look at the other key player in the industry and they have over 100 branches. So we look to rollout additional branches. Three of their branches are new this year and are off to a great start. So we’re encouraged about the long term with them. Additionally, we think that they can be leverage particularly with our other stores AutoZone stores on both the retail and the commercial side. They have a product offering that we don’t have today. So, we are very excited about them joining the family and hopefully that’s going to happen in the next week or so.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. Let me clarify that. The 8500 was on average all of our stores, Alan. So, we got the more mature stores are averaging 10,000. The newer stores are even below the 8500 level. But we’ve been very pleased that we continue to grow at a very rapid pace opening almost 800 new programs in the last two years that those new programs are continuing to perform at or above where they start, where the older program started. So, we believe we have a long-term opportunity for them to be very productive. We also believe the stores that are doing over 10,000 are nowhere near where they need to be. We had continued growth opportunities with them.
Bill Rhodes: The IMC product offering is vastly different than ours. It is a branded offering that is OE quality, OE manufactures that we don’t necessarily have in our product offering today. There are certain customers think about the high-end BMW or Mercedes shops that want to use those products and use them pretty much exclusively. We don’t do business with many of those shops today. However, we do have a lot of shops that are doing that kind of work and then in certain cases want those kinds of products. This will now allow us in our commercial program to sell those cases to our existing – those products to our existing customers as well.
Bill Rhodes: Well, obviously we can’t predict the future. But we did have a lot of strength in the second quarter particularly in the Northeast and the Midwest. I would also say, it wasn’t just the geography issue. In the second quarter of last year we performed particularly well on the failure-related categories, but even at the time we spoke to the fact that the maintenance-related categories, think about all the under car things that could be differed had saw significant decreases. So, yeah, we have a strong quarter. We had strength in certain categories, in certain geographies at the same time. The West was weaker in certain categories or weaker.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. That is correct. We have several different tests that are going on. Let me go back and remind you. We talked about something we called optimal hurdle which was refining the store SKU placement across the entire store network. We finish that testing last summer and it rolled that out. We’ve been very pleased with the results of that today. A couple of the other key tests are would – an increase in delivery frequency from our distribution centers to our stores, the productive use and we’ve been testing that for about eight or nine months now and so far we’re pretty pleased with the results. Now we’re taking it the next level and saying, okay, let’s vary the delivery frequency instead of five days a week what happens at two days a week, what happens at three days a week, so that we can find the optimal approach. We’re also testing something which is an expanded SKU coverage even beyond our hub stores in a select number of we call mega hub stores and those mega hubs are also servicing the other hubs stores in the area further extending our same day local market availability. So, we’re still very much in test phase. We hope to be bringing some of these tests to conclusion over the next several months and then once we make those decisions, we will be communicating with you.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. I think a big part of it is the cannibalization. As we’ve open these new programs, remember several years ago we have 51% of our stores that were on the commercial program. We’re now at 77%. When we open a program in an existing market, we take the customers that are closer to the new program. We move into that program. So, there’s a fairly significantly amount of cannibalization that’s in there and that’s impacting those growth rate. But overall, we want to make it clear to you all. We’re making progress and have been over the last five years and are pleased with it, never going as fast as you want to.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. As far as August is concern, let me just this, every period for us in the quarter had a positive same-store sales growth. August was certainly better than July which was our weakness point. In September, we have a policy of really not talking about what’s going on in the current quarter because we release our earnings so early in the quarter. We’re just barely three weeks in and so we don’t think it’s prudent for us to share what’s going on in September so far. As far as what was driving the trajectory, you could very easily see it in the weather and the weather-related categories. So, things like A/C chemicals, A/C and heating, cooling systems, all of those categories were weak for the entire quarter and particularly weak in July and in certain select weeks in August. So, to us it was very much. When the weather cooperated our sales were strong. When it didn’t they didn’t.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. On the delivery frequency, we’ve had a long strategy of -- we deliver the vast majority of our stores once a week. We have competitors that are out there that deliver their stores on a daily basis. We are in the process of testing delivery frequency. And I want to emphasize the word “test”. We’re talking about a few hundreds stores that are on this delivery frequency test. So what’s going on in those stores is not shown up in our overall numbers in any material way. We’re going to go up and see what increase delivery frequency means as I mentioned earlier we’ve been please with what we’ve seen so far. And no surprise, as we get inventory closer and as Bill mentioned 70% of our SKUs have one piece on the shelf normally its in our current – we sell that piece. We’re out of it for up to eight days. This allows us to put it back on the shelf within 24 hours. So we’re encouraged, but we haven’t made any final decisions yet.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It is more expensive and we’ve got four or five different test in different markets throughout now and they have mixed results. The longest running test is showing that it’s EBIT positive and then it’s generating a 15% IRR or better. So, that’s the threshold that we’re going hold any investment too. What we’re trying to be careful of is these will be some decisions that have long-term ramifications. And so we are wanting to make sure that we prudently test them and we validate our test results. And then determine as what’s the right number. Whether it should be twice a week or five times a week, we don’t know that answer yet.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I would say the cannibalization is just a natural effect. If we open a store that is closer to a customer than the existing store that servicing, its just makes all the sense in the world for us to move that customer over to the new store so we can service him better, delivery times will be shorter and so on and so forth. So I think it’s not that that’s the only way we can do, that’s just the natural course of business. Yes, we only have 18% of our sales – I think that’s up from 16 last year. It’s no where near where we want it to be. We believe that we have a long term opportunities continue to commercial in aggressive way. We have not set any specific number, because we don’t want to maximize or put a threshold on where we’re going. We want to be as big in both businesses as we can be. As far as the piece of that growing in this business. I think it just takes time. We’ve been in this business the shortest amount of time. We’ve really had a successful growth rate over the last six or seven years and we are very confident track that we’re on and with the strategies that we have.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, that’s a good question. We purchased about $1.1 billion I think we just borrowed $1.3 billion last year as we mentioned the extra week, as the quarter of last year certainly helped a little bit last year so that’s some of the differential. If you think about it, we brought back about $1 billion over the past six years and so we think that that’s a cash flow number that we can maintain going forward if not better. And we’re also consciously trying to spread it out over the year as well and not make it as chunky as it has been. So those were some of the factors that go into that, but I wouldn’t think about the fourth quarter as being light in terms of being a trend, I would look at it as 1.1 versus 1.3 and the 1.3 reduced a little bit with the extra week last year.
Bill Giles: Let’s say that obviously from a management team perspective, we hope the incentive comp continues to go up. But I would say that from an IT perspective, we will continue to expect to have some investments in IT over the next fiscal year or so. As Bill highlighted earlier, the several things that we’ve done from a store system structure perspective in order to enhance the information that we’ll provide in our AutoZoners which is ultimately providing to our customers. So we think there’s some real opportunity for that, as well as tying all of our customer information together, so we have a better visibility on the activities of our customers.
Bill Giles: Yeah. It’s a good question, Dan and I think that’s you’re looking at the right way. I mean, we recognize the importance of hard parts coverage. And every time we add inventory we recognize that it benefits both the commercial side of business as well as the DIY side of the business. You know, and keep in mind to, we’re fortunate to be operating in an industry where there’s very low [ops] to lessen inventory and there’s very low financing cost at the moment. So, we think that this is a very good risk reward strategy that we’re taking and it’s an important one for us to continue to gain market share with our customers. And then other leg of the stool is really the delivery of frequency. So, we’ve added more inventory particularly at the store level. And then, we’re also testing our optimization of the frequency of delivery and the method of delivery to both our satellite stores as well as ultimately to our customers. And so, there’s more work to be done on there. I think that the test would show that we’ve gotten some good returns on the investments that we’ve made. They’ve been broad-based in some cases, but frankly not although across the chain. Many of the tests that we’re doing are very isolated. And in those cases we’re very encouraged with the results that we have. There’s more learning to be done. There’s more work to be done. But we think that adding inventory like I said before is a very good from a risk reward perspective. We don’t see a lot of exposure, but again, it’s not fast and its not technology based. So we think it’s a good way to continue to capture market share. And then, we got to continue to work with the delivery frequency to optimize our overall supply chain.
Bill Giles: I think one thing to think about and we’ve always talked about this is that 70% of the SKUs that we carry one on hand, and so there’s an incredible randomness on the lot of sales of service inventory. So your ability to predict and to stay in stock is what’s really become challenging. So I wouldn’t consider it a bottleneck per say. I think we got distribution center, we’ve got hub stores and we’ve got our individual stores. And it’s really where we have the inventory versus safety and then the frequency of delivery and those of the things that we’re working on right now.
Bill Giles: Yeah. It’s a good question. And you know, its one that I think varies a little bit, I mean, the reality of it is if you look over time, we’re going to adjust our expense structure based on the sales environment that we’re operating in. So, we’re ultimately focused on growing EBIT dollars, and so, we’ll have some opportunities in gross margin. We may make some investment in SG&A, but we’ll manage those over the long-term based on the sales environment that we operate on. So it’s hard to give you a static number per say, because at times we leverage on very low comps and times we deleverage on higher comps. And so, we’ll just continue to look at the strategies that we have in place and the investments that we think we’ll help us out on a long-term basis and will adjust based on the sales environment we plan.
Bill Giles: I would say that that’s probably more normal course of business. I think better work with the merchandizing organization and lower some of the acquisition cost either through sourcing. There’s probably some deflation in certain categories and that’s probably what’s drove it mostly.
Bill Giles: I wouldn’t say, well I cannot sacrifice our EBIT growth rate per se. But at the end of the day this is about driving EBIT dollars and driving unacceptable IRR which is up 15% for us. So that’s kind of the way we think about it. That’s the way we focus on. It’s going to generate more profit dollars. Are we going to get an adequate return on the investment that we make? And that’s kind of how we look at it. So we’re not getting hung up on absolute margin rate per se.
Bill Giles: I think on the ecommerce side, when we look at the industry broad-based, we think that there is some opportunity for online sales, although it is in the significant penetration like it is in other industries. We recognize that a lot of people are coming for information relative it’s to be a content of the product or repair information etcetera. So we think that’s an integrated approach overall and that’s how we’re approaching it. From a market share perspective I think we’re holding our own. And so our growth seems to be close what the overall industry is growing at, at the same time we’re growing square footage growth rate at about 3%. So overall I think we’re holding our own from a market share perspective.
Bill Giles: I’m seeing overall revenue is around $10 million per location, is about what they average overall. And so as far as what the overall impact would be on us on an ongoing basis as Bill mentioned before and so trying to get through the close and get our implementation ran, integrated and started we’ll be able to give you a little bit more color. I think in terms of getting even to the catalog obviously we would expect that to transpire in fiscal ‘15. So expect that to happen some time in the fiscal year I will give you better idea of that in the next conference call. But overall its good productivity, it’s a great compliment from an inventory perspective and certainly from a customer perspective and it’s a great management team. So we think that was a combination of things, so I hope the integration go even quicker.
Bill Giles: I would say it’s probably a little bit greater. I think that there’s an opportunity from an online ordering perspective with the commercial customers out. I think there’s probably a broader base from an ecommerce perspective for their product as well. So I think that that product probably has even more opportunities online.
