Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We managed our business very well during the second quarter. We executed our plan and we had very few surprises. We are encouraged with our execution and excited as we head into the back half of our fiscal year. Our store’s appearance looks great. The morale of our field organization is very high. And we are committed to providing the outstanding service and trustworthy advice our customers deserve. We remain focused on our key priorities stated at the beginning of the fiscal year. Number one, relentlessly hiring, retaining, and training our AutoZoners to make sure we’re delivering on our stated corporate goal of providing the best trustworthy advice. Secondly, continually refining our product assortment in order to meet all of our customers’ needs. Third, deploying inventory appropriately across our network with specific emphasis on utilizing our hub and satellite network of stores. Fourth, commercial sales growth, with a pay-as-you-go mentality, improving our business with up-and-down-the-street, national account, and public sector customers. We will continue to develop our sales team in order to make this happen. Finally, we’ll continue to test our blended store concept, our one team initiative. We believe there can be real power in managing our stores as one cohesive unit. This will only strengthen our service levels to all customers. As we remain on track with all of these initiatives, we promise to continue our focus on innovation and improving every aspect of our business. We remain focused on steady profitable sales and earnings improvement. We had a very good quarter, which again is worthy of congratulating our entire organization for their commitment to living the pledge. However, we will not rest on our laws. Our approach remains consistent. We are focused on going the extra mile in 2010, and we remain very well positioned to do just that. Now we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Obviously we’re going to be cautious about giving forward-looking guidance on that. But the one thing I would highlight is, during this quarter last year is when we saw a significant acceleration in sales. And they began to accelerate as the calendar year started last year. As we entered this new calendar year, our sales comparisons were tougher and it was reflected somewhat in our sales performance. Over the long run -- let me back up. The second quarter is also an incredibly tenuous quarter for us every single year because you have several holidays in there and then the weather patterns can be very different from week to week. So it’s very hard to look at what your individual sales are on a week-to-week basis and be able to really understand the trajectory of your business. As we look forward, we came into this quarter, we were more cautious on the sales environment. You can see that with our SG&A leverage. We’re certainly going to be cautious as we look forward to make sure that we’re well positioned regardless of the sales environment, but then we’re going to work like crazy to continue to capture as much market share and grow our sales as rapidly as we can.
Bill Rhodes: I would say a couple of things. First of all, the hub store initiative in our merchandising team has been intensely focused on improving our hard parts assortment over the last several years. And a lot of these failure items that we’re seeing increases in sales, those are coming from a lot of work that team has done. Secondly, in this economic environment, we’ve been in it for quite a while now, I think people -- they are going to – they have to fix failure related items. They don’t have an option. They can defer some maintenance. They can clearly defer discretionary, but they don’t have the option of deferring failure. So my read on the customer at this point in time is, it’s really not that different than it was over the last 12 months or so. And also, I don’t see it changing rapidly any time soon.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I think as we tested it, first of all, we have different phases of it. We were testing it in a very small number of stores. In those cases, it’s basically cost neutral at this point in time. There is possibility that we can reduce cost as a result of it. There is also possibility that we can increase cost as a result of an improved customer service and therefore sales. The biggest thing that I think it’s doing at this point in time. It’s a very strong message to our entire organization that we are one team. And that our title is also a customer satisfaction. They don’t say customer satisfaction retail or customer satisfaction commercial. In the whole mindset of the sales and operations team is also changing to say, you know what, I’ve got to help on either part of the business regardless of which part I’m assigned to.
Bill Rhodes: We obviously see a significant lift when we first opened the hub stores. That takes a little while for them to ramp up to speed and get the operations refined. But encouragingly, the stores that are in there second, and we actually have five stores that are in their third year. They all continue to show very healthy sales gains.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, Colin, and I tried to touch on it in my prepared remarks. It’s basically coming from virtually every geographic region of the country, in both DIY and DIFM. Sure there are some differences here and there, but they are not terribly meaningful.
Bill Rhodes: Okay, I’m sorry, I didn’t understand your question. The NPD information is only the eighth largest player. So it’s the public retailers and some of the traditional guys. So we don’t have visibility from that and the independence.
Bill Rhodes: That’s the premise as far as some of the work that have to be done to operationalize this initiative. There is a lot of systems work. Some of which is related to labor scheduling and some of which is related to customer service systems like Z-net.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Again, Ben, I would go back to my previous comments that the second half was more challenging than the first half. And the biggest part of that I wouldn’t say was necessarily weather, but it was that we were starting to annualize the significant ramp that we saw last year. Clearly, at the very end of the quarter was a heavy snowfall. We had some challenges, but we need to be real careful on trying to read week-to-week sales. At the end of the day, we are pleased with our sales performance. We increased our two-year and three-year comp-store sales performance. We gained market share. So all in all, we feel pretty good about the quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I think that’s a great question. But you’ve got to go back, and remember, we only have 1.5% market share. So there are some dynamics that are changing in the macro environment in commercial. But I think our actions and activities determine our success in commercial so much more so than whether a few thousand dealerships closed at this point.Kate McShane – Citi Investment Research: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, great question, Tony, one that we’ve been very focused on. I will tell you that the super hubs that we’re rolling out now, we couldn’t be more pleased with how they are performing. Their performance is exceeding what we anticipated they will be doing. And they have brought a tremendous amount of coverage to the marketplace. Now, as with what we’re always doing, we are always testing. So we’re taking opportunities to test even further levels of inventory coverage in select of these stores to see where the right point is. And we’ll continue to test up-and-down versions. It’s also given us the opportunity to reduce some of the coverage in our satellite stores, which will help us from a working capital point of view, allows us to make sure we have the parts and product in the local market, but also in going them back to the hub store and be more efficient about it. But over the long -- part proliferation is here. It’s been here ever since I got in this business. It continues to grow every year, and I think we’re pretty well positioned to take care of it.
Bill Rhodes: I think it’s a little early to make that call that we’re seeing them earlier in their lifecycle. And again, on the commercial side of the business, we’re still relatively new in it. So we’re continuing to learn a lot on that front. To me, the bigger point is, I think people have changed their mindset on how long they are going to hold on to their vehicles. And therefore they are maintaining them at a higher level. And I think that’s helping both our DIY and commercial businesses in the market itself.
Bill Rhodes: Not terribly. I think we have great competitors, whether it’s the retail side of the business or the commercial side of the business. But I haven’t seen significant changes in the competitive landscape. Obviously there are a lot of people who are very focused on it. The point that we are making to ourselves, we are very focused on it. We are also very focused on our DIY business.
Bill Rhodes: Right. I would say that actually they were fairly consistent. I wouldn’t lean one side to the other.
Bill Rhodes: I certainly hope that there is an inflection point. But I don’t think it will be driven by network, being across the market very completely. Each -- the vast majority of this business today is up-and-down-the-street customers. They are not looking at the market impact. They are looking at how are you servicing me. And so I don’t think there will be a massive market share growth aspect.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We really haven’t cut it that finally. We are just looking at the actions that we are taking and are pleased to see that business begin to turn around and again congratulate those folks that are out there working with all kind of different vendors trying to find new products that are compelling to whichever customers they are.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. For the most part, in that business, there is a lot of new products that you’re constantly pulling in and out. But you also have products that are in there all the time, like floor mats and car covers, and we’re beginning to see some turn in basically the vast majority of those businesses.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I’d just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remains very solid. Our customers continue to tell us we are improving on our efforts to meet or exceed their needs. And our market share data confirms that. We have a solid plan for 2010, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. Our focus is on our critical success factors. As we continue to focus on the basic and never take our eye off of optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are highly confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. Thank you very much for participating in today’s call.
Bill Giles: Alan, again, I think that we’re really focused on making sure we make the right investments, continue to capture market share, grow top line, accelerate the commercial side of the business, focus on ultimately driving EPS and driving ROIC. So -- well, rather than get into a specific rate, and I appreciate the question, for us it’s really about making the right investments that would resonate with the customers on a long-term basis, both retail and commercial, capturing market share and driving ROIC.Alan Rifkin – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you both very much.
Bill Giles: I think it’s similar levels with slight increases. I think we’ve done a terrific job of being able to optimize some of our inventory, particularly by leveraging a hub store. But at the same time, as Bill mentioned, parts proliferation is an existing part and an important part of the business. And our ability to say yet to the customer requires us to increase our coverage. And I think the merchandising team has done a terrific job of that over the last couple of years, and I think we are seeing that today in some of the increased penetration that we’ve got on our failure related parts.
Bill Giles: Yes, it’s a combination of both. I mean, there is definitely some product from deflation from some of the commodity based prices. But on a longer term basis, we continue to increase our penetration of direct imported product. So that has actually helped to reduce some of the acquisition costs. I’d say the combination of both. It’s not just strictly the commodity-based product (inaudible) process.
Bill Giles: Well, the separate and distinct, and I think that we have opportunity to improve operating margin. As you articulated, both drove improvement in gross margin and then is our -- both of our businesses continue to get traction from the initiatives, both on the DIY side as well as on the commercial side, and we continue to increase our sales productivity. We’ll have opportunities from a leverage standpoint on SG&A.
Bill Giles: I would say, as we look over the last quarter, we haven’t really seen any material changes from a pricing perspective on either side of the business, quite frankly.Ivan Holman – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much
