Bill Rhodes: Sure. So we haven't given specific numbers, Bret, but what we have said repeatedly is, in both the United States and Mexico, we believe we can continue to grow at the current kinds of levels for the foreseeable future. So in the U.S., that's 150, 170 stores, Mexico, it's 40 to 50 stores. We believe we can do that for the foreseeable future. So it's going to be much, much larger than it is today. As far as Brazil is concerned, we're just getting started. You all know, we've been down there for over nine years now, and we were very methodical and very thoughtful and careful about making sure that this model worked for us. Just about a year ago, we presented to our Board that we felt like Brazil was now at the stage where we're comfortable, the model works. We knew it worked for the customers. We are now comfortable it works for us financially, and we will be stemming out and growing much faster in Brazil. I believe, over the long term, Brazil will end up being larger than Mexico for AutoZone. But with 50-some-odd stores, it's a long way to go.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, Bret, I wish I could. We just don't have -- in the DIY business, we have very specific data. We have POS data for all front-of-store items. So it's crystal clear and we are comfortable sharing that with you. And that's where we said, during the height of the pandemic, we gained over 3%, which was 10% growth in share. Never seen that before personally. And we suspect that we would give some of that back up as the economy reopened. We have not. In fact, we continued to grow marginal amounts of share on top of that, which we've been very, very pleased with. On the commercial side of the business, we don't have a tool that gives us the direct insight. But when we look at it at the rates that we're growing, I think 46% on a two-year basis, we are quite comfortable that we're growing share exponentially many times what the industry is growing, but we don't have specifics, and so we can't tell you this is how we're doing against this sector or that sector.
Bill Rhodes: They're very comparable growth rates right now. That changes over times during the depths of the pandemic. The nationals weren't growing as fast as the up and down the street. I think that's changed now. They're both growing at really high rates. I think Jamere even mentioned like 32% for both sectors during the quarter. So, we're really, really pleased. We've really developed some very nice relationships with our national account partners. And we have a specific program for our up and down the street that we call Pro Vantage, and both of those sectors are really, really doing well.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I'll start. I think that there's a misnomer by many that our pricing strategies are at the core of our growth. They are an element, not the element of our growth. What we did about four years ago is we embarked on a new strategy in commercial. And we looked at all elements of our offering. We changed the assortment methodology in every store in the United States. Every store has a different product assortment that leans further into the commercial business today than it did four years ago. We also said how are we going to get significant increase in local market availability? And we came up with this concept called a Mega-Hub store. We've now had over 60 Mega-Hubs. We've said publicly, we're going to go to at least 110. I think Jamere and I both feel like it's going to be closer to 200 than it will be 100, and maybe even more than that as we're testing -- one of the things about the Mega-Hubs, every time we measure them, they do better than our projections. Every single time. So, we've done these Mega-Hub improvements. We've taken our sales force, which was relatively immature and, frankly, brand new a decade ago. And as they mature and develop tenure, they're getting more professional, better at doing their sales techniques. We've deployed those single largest technology endeavor of the company's history in the commercial business. We've enhanced how we interact with our customers digitally. We've also rolled out handheld devices to all stores and all drivers so that when they're picking the products, we make sure we've got the right products. When we deliver the products, we can understand delivery times. We're driving our delivery times down about 15% so far and that's nowhere near our goal. So, we're improving our service on that front. The Duralast brand continues to be become stronger and stronger across the board and really excited about that. And then we've lowered our price gaps. We didn't -- we don't have the same level of transparency in the commercial business that we have in retail. Everybody can see everybody's retail prices every day. In the commercial business, we're going to have different pricing philosophies with certain of our national account customers and then up and down the street customers that penetrate this category are going to be priced different from somebody else. So, you don't have the level of transparency. We talked about it at length about a year ago that we were focused on making sure that our total value proposition, including price, was a strong value proposition versus a different set of competitors called the warehouse distributors. And we cut, as I said in the prepared remarks, our gap versus them. We've always been premium priced to them because our service offering is premium priced. Then we cut the gap after – about a year of testing, so we knew it worked. We cut the gap by about half. So call it 15% to 8%-ish, 8.5-ish kind of percent. And we've been extraordinarily pleased with how that has worked over time. Zach, did I answer all your questions? You had a few of them embedded in there.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. So two great points, Brian. First of all, what changed versus Q1 and Q2, there's a lot of different things that changed. I think our -- we're going to hang our head a lot on our execution and our team's execution. But clearly, this inflation has a lagging effect and we had more inflation in our sales growth in Q2 than we did in Q1, not material but maybe a point or so. So that is an element of our acceleration, and we didn't accelerate that much. I think we accelerated two or three points on a two-year basis. Then as far as gas prices, as you know, you've followed this industry for a long, long time. Gas prices fluctuate and they fluctuated very significantly during my tenure here. What we've said historically is that there's not a ton of correlation between gas prices and our business until it hits a magic point. And historically, and I don't know what that magic point will be now because it's been a long time since we hit it, but historically, when it hit $4 a gallon, it seemed to impact miles driven. And you could almost see a direct correlation once it hit that $4 a gallon in miles driven. We don't know if that will hold true if it gets to $4 a gallon again. But for us, it goes up and it goes down. There's nothing we change in our business as a result of gas prices. So sometimes we're going to have industry tailwinds like we've had. Sometimes, we're going to have industry headwinds. We need to just manage this business through both environments and make sure that we optimize our performance based upon the macro environment.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It's a fantastic question, Jackie. And frankly, we don't have really, really good data on how our in-stock position compares to our direct competitors or with retail in general, except for walk-in stores, and which we've done a lot of over time. I'm really, really proud of the way that our supply chain team, our merchandising team and our suppliers, they've worked at unprecedented levels during this past couple of years. And we've gotten very creative. Our logistics team has done an amazing job with all the challenges getting merchandise from the Far East to the United States into our distribution centers. Our belief is, we've had an improved in-stock position versus others. But our in-stock position, even today is a couple of hundred basis points below where it is normally. And it's been a little bit of a game of whack-a-mole. We solve it in this category, then it moves into that category, then it moves into another category. Overall, we're getting better and better and better on a weekly basis, just about. But we still got a ways to go before we get back to that level. Trying to quantify how much of that has been embedded in our share gains and sales lift, it's just -- it's too much art for us to figure that out.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We haven't done it by product category. We obviously said it's over half of our hard part sales and continues to grow. We continue to introduce it in different categories or line extensions. Not too long ago, we introduced the Duralast Elite brake pad program, which is doing really well. We've added Duralast Gold chassis, which has done extremely well. A couple of years ago, we added Duralast shocks and struts. It's interesting, we did some market research as part of our commercial strategy development about four years ago, and we went by in the commercial business. And we said, what are the top three brands by product category? And the Duralast brand was listed in two categories as the number two brand, and we had never sold one piece in that category. So it just shows you the overall power of the Duralast brand. And if you turn back the clock a decade, it was interesting. People would have said we couldn't have been successful in commercial because we had private label. We don't have private label. We've got the Duralast brand, and it's high-quality products that our customers continue to turn to and trust.
Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Joe. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate. We believe our industry is in a strong position and our business model is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, and we will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us as we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the remainder of FY 2022, we are confident AutoZone can continue to be successful. Thank you very much for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
Jamere Jackson: So I would say a few things. One, if you look at our results specifically, there are really four dynamics. The first is, to a certain extent, inflation has been our friend. It's helped us drive higher pricing and the volumes are actually holding. If you look at where we've seen pricing grow, I mean, we're up mid-single digits in retails for the first half. And quite frankly, if we see that same level of inflation in the back half, which is reasonable, then you could expect us to take pricing up in a similar dynamic. The share gains we've talked about are driving our business. We're up nearly three points versus the pre-pandemic. We've hung on to those share gains and the growth initiatives that Bill talked about, both in DIY and commercial, are giving us a lot of confidence that we'll maintain those shares as we go forward. And then the last dynamic for us that we've talked at length about is this macro strength that we're seeing. It's -- you have an aging and growing car park. You have used car prices that are up, 60% versus pre pandemic. And you're seeing many new cars that are actually selling higher than the sticker prices. And if you look at the used car price dynamic just in general, I mean, those higher residual values are actually encouraging our customers to invest in maintaining their vehicles because they're comfortable that the value is actually holding. So when you mix all of those things together, it suggests that the industry as a whole is not going back to pre-pandemic sales levels. And while we won't be date certain about when you'll see comps move one direction or the other, what we'll say is that the fundamentals are strong. We don't expect to return to the levels that we saw prior to coming into the pandemic. So our growth dynamics and the industry backdrop gives us a lot of confidence about the future.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. As we mentioned before, I mean, we are seeing cost inflation in certain categories. We're also seeing higher transportation costs. We're seeing higher labor costs across the board. But I think the important point is that the industry pricing has remained rational, and we are pricing like our competitors to recover inflationary impacts, just as we've done in the past. And if you look at the history of this industry, it's been very disciplined about passing along inflation. And typically, what we see is that the demand doesn't fall off, just given the essential nature of the goods that we're providing. We've raised retail prices in line with inflation. As we mentioned, it's been mid-single digits. We expect that you could see similar dynamics in the back half of the year, and we'll be disciplined to raise prices accordingly. The other dynamics as it relates to this is that we're seeing broad-based inflation. It isn't just in our industry. But if you look at transportation, you look at labor, you look at wage rates, there's another side of the coin, which is our customers, are benefiting from higher wage rates and particularly that lower-end customer is benefiting from higher wage rates. And that, quite frankly, has provided a little bit of a safety net, probably more so than in the past. And we're filling that inflation even in our own business. If I think about what we're seeing in terms of wage inflation, it's probably -- on a percentage basis, it goes up maybe low single digits every year. We're probably seeing inflation 2x that, as we look to take care of our AutoZoners in an inflationary environment, our customers are seeing that. So those dynamics have made the lower-end consumer a little bit more resilient than probably they would have been in the past in an inflationary environment. So we're not seeing any wobbles at this point, but it is something that we're keeping our eye on.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. One of the things I'm really excited about is, the investments that we're making in technology. And you typically don't hear CFOs say that, because typically, they're only thinking about the cost side of that. But the investments that we're making in technology are really underpinning the growth strategy. And the sophisticated nature with which we're able to figure out what we're doing on the store development side, how we're using AI and machine learning to help us think about pricing and get a lot more surgical from a pricing standpoint are all things that I'm really excited about to help us drive growth and improvements in our business. So indeed, we are using technology to do that. It's a little bit more difficult, sometimes on the commercial side of the business. But you combine that technology with the on-the-ground intelligence that we're receiving from our AutoZoners in the field, and I like our capabilities there. And it's given us a competitive advantage as we think about what we're doing from a pricing standpoint.
Jamere Jackson: You're writing my development plan for this year and next year. Thanks. The key for us is making sure that we leverage these assets. As Bill mentioned, every time we've doubled down on our Mega-Hub strategy, it's paid dividends for us and the Mega-Hubs are outperforming our expectations. The ability to put these assets in the market, provide a lift to the overall network, benefit both our DIY and our DIFM business, there's a very strong business building proposition for us. And we're going to go further and faster. One of the things I mentioned we're testing is higher density of Mega-Hubs in a marketplace. You typically are worried about cannibalization if you get stores or assets too close from a proximity standpoint. But what we're finding is when we put more parts into those markets and we do that in a disciplined way based on the analysis that we're doing and the research that we've done and the actual results that we're seeing, it's exceeded our expectation. Cannibalization is lower. It's a lift to the overall marketplace, and that's why we're so bullish and that's why we're going to double down on it.
