William C. Rhodes: Thanks, Bill. We are pleased to report our 27th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth and to report an EPS growth rate of 15.8% for our fiscal third quarter. Clearly, our sales performance has not met our expectations, as we have experienced softer sales over the past few quarters. Based on our recent results, we continue to believe we should experience an improvement in sales for the remainder of the year. The basis for this expectation is the confluence of a more normalized winter and easier sales comparisons, combined with strong execution of our plans, including enhanced product assortments, improved productivity in our existing commercial programs and continued new commercial program growth. The hardest things to predict for us when it comes to our performance are macro factors and in particular, the weather. Spring arrived much later than normal this year and materially later than last year, and it clearly dampened our performance in the first 2/3 of the third quarter. But we can't control the weather, and over time, its effects even out. Ultimately, our actions determine our performance, and we continue to be pleased with the strategies we have in place, and quite pleased with the execution of those strategies. But that doesn't mean we aren't looking to improve. We are constantly testing new ideas and innovations to determine what is successful and what isn't. We will keep you apprised of our developments as they progress. Again, we are excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment, hub stores, Commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, eCommerce and Brazil. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low-single-digit growth rate, and we expect to continue growing our Commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength, and we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid, consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are pleased with our earnings per share growth and ROIC for Q3, and we remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. Finally, I want to again thank our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and communities. Our approach remains consistent. We're focused on succeeding in the fourth quarter of 2013, and we are excited about our future opportunities. Thank you for your time. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Alan, I don't want to get into too many specifics on it, but clearly, they're much less mature and they come out significantly below the existing programs. The other thing that I think is important, and I'm not sure everybody understands, is as those programs open, many times, probably most of the time, they also cannibalize the existing programs. So some of the growth in the productivity of the Commercial programs right now is muted because we do have those 900 stores that, over the last 3 years, have done some cannibalization of the existing programs. At the end of the day, we're not meeting our aspirations, but the underlying performance of the new programs and the existing programs, when you take everything into account, we're generally pleased with.
William C. Rhodes: I think for the first 2/3 of this quarter, I would say they were generally aligned with where our expectations were. In the last 1/3 of the quarter, frankly, the northeast and midwest is where we really saw very strong performance, as they rebounded in a significant way.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Our objective is to expand all the 154. Obviously, we've made great progress so far, getting 82 opened in less than 3 years -- 82 expanded or relocated in less than 3 years. As we get farther down the cycle, because these are real estate deals, we've done the easy ones. Now we have more complicated ones ahead. So the pace will likely slow. As for how they're performing, this is the first time that we've ever deployed capital really for our hub stores. If you think originally, all we did was take existing space that was there and leverage it to put the product assortments. So the easiest way for me to show you that they're meeting our expectations is we continue to make real estate acquisitions and build buildings because they're exceeding our expectation -- meeting or exceeding our expectations. So we're pretty pleased with them.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think we're going to stick with what we said for the last year. This isn't a new story. I think the last 3 calls, we talked about the fact that we thought last winter, the lack of winter in the midwest and northeast last year did not cause the same level of maintenance requirements or failure items because the roads weren't messed up. So far, that prognostication has come to effect, but we're 1 month into it. We've seen April come. And I also want to reinforce the 2 points that we've made in our prepared remarks, we're also a little concerned about the consumer. This economy is still not booming, particularly for the low-end consumer, and we've seen them be in a difficult situation now for more than 4 years, and they're all still trying to get readjusted to the reinstitution of payroll taxes.
William C. Rhodes: Gary, here's the deal. That's what you guys do. You guys are as good at this as we are. We're going to plan our business conservative, like we always do, hope for upside and make sure that we continue to deliver strong performance. I can't tell you sitting here today what the number is, and you know that, that's not our practice, to provide guidance.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. What we said, Colin, was it's been about 500 for the last few quarters. Q3 to date through the end of March, it was 600 basis points, and it ended the quarter only with 150 basis points, which means it significantly outperformed in the month of April.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think several things. Number one, I don't want to get too excited, and we're not getting too excited about 1 month. We have variability in our sales all the time, week-to-week, month-to-month, and I don't want that to get overstated by any stretch. Now there's a couple of things that made it happen in April this year. Number one, the tax refund benefit that we normally see late January, early February, never materialized. A lot of times, that comes in deferred maintenance, and people get out and do those jobs. That never happened this year. Also, last year, March was particularly strong in the northeast and midwest as we called out, and April was pretty weak. Well, this year, it was very cold and very wet throughout March in that part of the country. All of a sudden, they got some glimmers of improved weather in April, and there was pent-up demand they took -- they did it. But again, I don't want to get too crazy about -- or too exuberant about the performance in those markets in April. One month doesn't make a trend. We got a long way to go. We got a lot of sales that we feel like we're owed in that part of the country.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. We continue to do fine on market share. Our gaps have closed over a period of time, and there have been months where -- in the retail sector, where we've lost a little bit of market share. But they've shown significant improvements as we've seen our sales start to rebound.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think I'd start with how pleased we are with the development of our sales force. You step back 5 years ago, we didn't have a sales force, and now we have a very professional sales force. And our organization has really spent a tremendous amount of time training our sales force to do it the AutoZone way, and also providing them with the tools, a lot of which are technological tools, to make them incredibly efficient, and also gives us great insights into where they're spending their time and what are the results when they spend their time in certain areas. But as far as trying to say where they're spending their time based upon the class of trade, I would say they're spending a lot of time on both the national accounts and on the independent up and down the street operators. Both of those are -- provide us tremendous opportunities, and they're both performing fairly well.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Bret. I don't want to get into what the trends in May since the end of the quarter are. We have a very strong practice of releasing our earnings very quickly after the end of the quarter. So here we are talking about this quarter after 2 weeks and 3 days. And I just -- I don't think it's prudent for anybody to get into what's going on in the last 2-week trends. So we tried to give you as much color as possible on April so you could understand that. But as a general practice, we don't want to get into the new quarter.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, that was specifically about April. We did have a very strong April, and I didn't want people to think it was a one-year lap. So it was 2 years we've grown same-store sales.
William C. Rhodes: I hope so. I think what we've been saying for the last 9 months is once we annualize that crazy winter last year in 2011 and 2012, we would anticipate more normalized run rates. And so I think we're sticking with that at this point in time.
William C. Rhodes: I think it's going to remain sticking with our strategy. You've never heard us talk about price being a key driver. We don't think -- we want to be a trusted partner with our Commercial customers, and that means we want to sell them at a reasonable price. We want to have the inventory that they need. We want to get it to them as quick as humanly possible and really build a long-term relationship that certainly is broader than price. All right. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We'll not take anything for granted, as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a very solid plan to succeed for the remainder of the fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Before we close, also, I'd just like to wish everybody a very happy Memorial Day. And obviously, our thoughts are with those folks in Oklahoma who went through so much devastation yesterday. So thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: I think, overall, we've had good performance on gross margin. Think back that we had some lower acquisition costs this quarter, frankly for the last 3 or 4 quarters. So as we get into Q4, we'll likely begin to anniversary some of the lower acquisition costs that we experienced over the last year or so. So we expect gross margin in and of itself to remain reasonably healthy. Also, in the spirit of full and fair disclosure, AutoAnything will obviously have a negative impact to gross margin. That impacted us about 40 basis points this quarter. That's probably a fair number for next quarter as well. And then at some point, we'll anniversary that and move forward. Like we say, we always manage gross profit on terms of dollars, not so much rate.
William T. Giles: I think that it really kind of speaks a little bit to -- Bill talked about it before. I mean, we don't really necessarily see the economy picking up. Unemployment rate is down a little bit, but the fact is there's still a significant number of people unemployed and maybe even off of the charts. So miles driven has been relatively flat, as you pointed out. Gas prices have been moderately flat. The age of the vehicles continue to increase, so that's helpful for our business over the long haul. Obviously, miles driven on a 10-plus-year-old vehicle is more impactful than it is on a brand-new vehicle as far as maintenance and wear and tear is concerned. So we think that, that continues to create decent demand and decent industry tailwinds overall. But in terms of miles driven, it's been relatively flat, and we don't anticipate that changing dramatically.
William T. Giles: Although the way to think about it is that we do have same-day delivery out of the hubs. And so when you hear us talk about the 154 hubs that we have out there, the 82 hubs that we have expanded over the last 2 or 3 years, and we'll have several more hubs that will continue to be expanded over the next couple of years, and we continue to really optimize those hubs, both in terms of coverage, as well as delivery, our objective is really to get those products into the marketplace so they can be delivered on a same-day basis out of the hubs. And so the distribution centers will be a backup support for that. But the real key is for us to forward deploy inventory right into the marketplace so that we can get it to the customers as quick as we can. And we think the hub strategy is the one that will get us there. And we obviously have work to do. We're not there yet, but you'll see us continue to invest in hubs, and you'll see us continue invest in inventory.
William T. Giles: We certainly have programs out there that are achieving the numbers that you would see from our established competitors, without question. And so obviously, from our perspective, it's meaningful. And it also indicates to us that -- and that's kind of how we make that statement, is that there's no structural impediments because we actually have programs out there that are actually delivering that. So we know it is possible.
William T. Giles: We're going to manage SG&A -- and you've always heard me say this, is that we're going to manage SG&A given the sales environment that we're operating in. I mean, with respect to the sale on asset, I mean, we always have periodically some sale on assets. The fact of the matter is, the organization really did a good job this quarter, as they do most all quarters, of really tightly managing the expenses based on the sales environment that we are operating in. And so there really wasn't a lot of significant fluctuation, which is why we called out the ones that we did. But I think on a long-term basis, we're going to continue to tightly manage expenses, and we're going to respond to the sales environment that we're competing in.
William T. Giles: Yes. I would say they're equally opportunistic. One of the things that we find as we continue to invest in inventory, particularly to hubs, as well as the individual satellite stores or the individual retail stores themselves, is that we get inventory productivity out of both Commercial and DIY, which is the beauty of the model overall, is that we have an ability to really leverage the inventory from both a DIY and Commercial perspective. Every time that we add inventory, many times it may be focused on Commercial. The fact is that we get benefits out of both. And so from a return perspective, obviously, we have stringent return metrics overall. But at the end of the day, we need to make sure that we've got adequate coverage in the marketplace, and we're going to continue to invest in inventory to ensure that we have adequate coverage in the marketplace in order for us to further gain market share. I don't know if that answers it, but that's how we look at it.
William T. Giles: Our Duralast product continues to be probably just over 50%. You've seen over time, if you allow me to stretch back for a couple of years, where we've actually introduced it into some additional categories that previously we may have thought were impossible, Wiper Blades being a great example of that. So as we continue to look forward, obviously, there's fewer opportunities because we're taking advantage of a lot of those opportunities. But we still believe there's opportunities for us to continue to introduce the Duralast brand into other categories. But today, it's just over 50% with a slight increase.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think that's right, John. It's a little too early to share much. I mean, it's -- we're very excited about the acquisition. We're very excited about the team at AutoAnything. We're excited about the customer base that they have, the categories that they really penetrate strongly that are opportunistic for us. And I think the synergies between the 2 organizations are just starting to take place. So overall, we're pleased with the acquisition. And we think, strategically, on a long-term basis, it'll be a great fit for our customer.
William T. Giles: No, we get a lot of traction actually on the Duralast brand, and so we don't believe that, that's anything but positive. And so if we thought that there was a branded product that would make a difference, we'd introduce it. But the fact is, and we've done it many times before, have found that the Duralast product -- it's a high-quality product and we get it into the hands of our Commercial customers, and they see it. And obviously, we back it up with warranties, et cetera. And so that product continues to be received well. And so we certainly don't see that as a hurdle for us to get over, just the opposite.
William T. Giles: Yes. We've obviously -- it's relatively new at the moment. AutoAnything is being operated relatively separate from the AutoZone stores at the moment. And so we're continuing to evolve and develop AutoAnything. But there are certainly SKU-intensive categories that exist on AutoAnything that lend themselves to online shopping, and so that's our focus at the moment. Long term, there will be some opportunities for us to integrate the 2. But at the moment, they're being operated as a standalone.
William T. Giles: Yes. I think you hit it. I mean, the fact is, is that I think probably -- you're right. About 2 years ago, we had some inflation last year. It was relatively moderate. And so far, this year, we're seeing it relatively moderate. And that's why in our prepared remarks, as Bill said, we're seeing the pricing index not really look as though it's going to be increasing much. So we don't see inflation being a positive or a negative necessarily. It's kind of a neutral overall. From a promotional perspective, I would say that we're not really seeing anything different in the marketplace promotionally. I mean, there's certainly a category or a product here and there that might have some increased promotional activity for a short period of time. But on an overall basis, I would say that we're not necessarily seeing any kind of a change in promotional activity per se. There will always be some price adjustments, but not any kind of promotional activity per se.
William T. Giles: And then just also taking into -- taking into account also the macro effects that Bill talked about before with the payroll tax, that's the one factor that we don't really know, on a long-term basis, what the impact is to our consumer.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think you are. I think the fact is, is that we want to continue to invest in the business. We want to make sure that we're continuing to deliver WOW! Customer Service and being able to take market share. So we're all about making sure that we've got a good face to the customer and that we're providing great service. And we're going to invest properly to do that. That starts all the way from training to customer service, to hubs and to inventory, et cetera.
