William Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere and welcome. These continue to be unique and abnormal times, and they require us to look at many things differently to manage our business day-to-day. I’m extraordinarily proud of our team across the Board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While we are learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We are fortunate to have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their families or simply get back and forth to school. Our operating theme this year is AutoZone is strong, and I’m honored to say we have come together this year to live this theme like never before. While it’s impossible for us to know what the cadence of the new year sales will be, I want to be crystal clear. We plan conservatively in order to manage our cost structure appropriately. While our domestic retail business continues to do very well, we understand trends will slow in the future. But we believe we have a tremendous ongoing opportunity within our domestic commercial business. While we understand these things, we also feel we are well positioned for continued future share gain opportunities across all the business segments we operate. Our business continues to do very well, but as always we have work to do as we start calendar 2021. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe, while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We will ultimately be measured by what our future cash flows will look like three to five years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, bullish on AutoZone. Before we proceed to Q&A, I want to take the liberty to publicly thank two exceptional leaders. Over 37 years ago, Bill Hackney followed in his father’s footsteps and joined this extraordinary enterprise. And over those 37-plus years, Bill leveraged his knowledge of virtually every part of this business and his deep understanding of our customers to our and our customers’ benefit. He will be missed. And almost 15 years ago, Bill Giles traded home goods for auto parts, and boy, weren’t we fortunate. I’ve had the honor to partner with Bill ever since he joined the company. How many CEOs have the privilege to host 59 consecutive earnings release calls with the same world-class CFO. Bill has been a great team member and advisor for our entire organization, and we thank you, Bill. While we will miss both of them, as our Founder’s father J.R. Hyde Jr., often said, “No individual builds a business, they build an organization, and the organization builds the business”. Both of these AutoZoners for life have embraced that mentality and built tremendous teams. We wish you and your families the best of luck in your next chapter and thank you for all you’ve done for each of us. Now I'd like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Thank you for the question Bret. On the commercial side of the business, you've seen the publicly available numbers and I think first of all, we're at the top of the heap in both the retail and commercial businesses with our public peers. So I think we're doing very well there. Regarding your specific question on WDs, clearly during the worst of times back in Q3, we were in a very different position than some of our smaller competitors. They really shut things down, many of them closed or work reduced hours had less inventory and the like. And I think that that gave us a real opportunity to introduce ourselves and be there for certain customers, that maybe we didn't have the same relationship before. As we've said many, many times the commercial part of this business certainly is a relationship business. And when you're there for customers, you build up some credibility that you can leverage for a long time. So I think that's the bigger issue rather than them getting back to where their normal operating procedures are, that we were there in people's times of need. And I think that people have long memories about that. On the retail side of the business, again, I think we're performing at the highest level of any of our public peers. But I also think that there are other parts of the channel, other channels in the retail sector, mass and online that we did particularly well against during this period of time and continue to do so. Again, I think, is it sustainable or not? That's the biggest charge that we have as a management team. We have this opportunity to introduce ourselves to new customers. And as we said in our prepared remarks, much of our business growth in the retail business is coming from existing customers who are doing more business with us. And I think it's very encouraging that we're – they're participating with us in different categories than they normally do. And so we feel very good about that.
William Rhodes: Yes. I wish I had better information to answer that question, Bret. We have very specific information on the sales floor categories in our retail business. We don't have that level of information on the commercial business. So we have to – like everybody else look pretty much at the topline numbers and try to extrapolate from there, but we feel like we're doing well. I can't tell you how the WDs are doing as a whole.
William Rhodes: Yes. Chris, thank you for the question. A lot of attention gets focused on our close end competitors and rightfully so, and they both outperform us on a sales per program basis and have for a long time. I'm really pleased with what our team has been able to do to begin closing that gap. But we really don't want to get too focused on our close end competitors. We want to think about the industry as a whole. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's a $75 billion market. It is incredibly fragmented, much more so fragmented than the retail side of the business. So I want to make sure that we're focused on the entire market, not our close end competitors. If you look back over the history of time, what our team has been able to do has really helped us as you've noted, accelerate our growth in a significant way. We've vastly improved our inventory assortments in every individual store, particularly as it relates to commercial oriented vehicles. We have this hub and MegaHub strategy, which we are rolling out and continue to outperform, particularly the MegaHubs. Every time we talk about the MegaHubs, we talk about that they have outperformed our expectations. We now have built this fabulous brand called the Duralast brand, which five to seven years ago, people thought it was an inhibitor to our success. Now, everybody else sees it as a real key part and a leverage point for us in the commercial business. Think about the other national brands at a decade ago were so powerful. Many of them are gone. Those that are still around are less relevant today than they were back then. And now we've also built this really strong salesforce, which we didn't have a decade ago. We're now supplementing all of that with some technology tools that are some of the largest investments that we've made in technology to make our teams more efficient and improve our delivery and reliability. So we're very bullish on what the future is and frankly, pretty proud of the progress that we've made today.
William Rhodes: Perfect. Chris, thanks for getting that normal question in another way. I'll answer it the normal way because we released our earnings so quick in the quarter, so we're two weeks and three days into this quarter. We don't want to talk about what's happening this quarter because we don't want our owners to get focused on two and a half week periods of time. So historically, we have not talked about what's happened inter quarter and we're not going to do that today. We were very specific in showing you what happened in each four-week period during the quarter. We don't generally give that level of clarity either. I want to remind us coming into Q4 that we told you we were up 16.5% in the last four weeks of last quarter. I told you today that we were up 16.5%, the first four-week period. I think a lot of people thought our sales had gone down materially in September, and that wasn't true. Regarding that 8.8 that we had in the last four-week period of time. We were very intentional in saying, yes, the election was going on. We also – in this period of time, sales are driven up and down based upon weather patterns. We get a cold snap, it can be very positive. We get very rainy weather, it can be very negative. So we've given you the cadence. It's very hard for us to talk about and even understand what the next 12 weeks is going to be like, we don't know. These are unprecedented levels. 12.3% same-store sales is the best performance in this company since I’ve joined the company over 26 years ago. It will slow down over time. How fast that happened? I don't know. But I do know we have an incredibly strong business that regardless will continue to outperform over the long-term.
William Rhodes: Well. Really terrific question, Michael. Yes, this time is different. There's no question about it. I’ve said it – I’ve just said it. This is the second best quarter since I've been at the company. The best quarter was last quarter. Will we be able to comp 21.8% same-store sales in Q4? I highly doubt it. Will we give some of that back? Absolutely. The question is, will we give it all back? Are we introducing ourselves to new customers? Or introducing existing customers to new categories for us? Are we kind of standing in that gap for customers? I think we are. And I think we're going to build loyalty with our customers over the long-term. My real question for us is if we had this pandemic, what would our sales have been two years from now? I'm sorry, there's a train outside of the room. If we had this pandemic and you moved forward two years from now and we have 2%, 3%, 4% increase in business that we would have had the pandemic not happen. I think that's a distinct possibility. And if we do, I think we'd be very pleased with that.
William Rhodes: Yes. Another fantastic question. Thank you. As you look at the commercial business, you're exactly right, that miles driven are down and they’ve been down for a period of time. I would also tell you that another thing that's muting the commercial business is the lack of winter that we had last year. Tire sales were down. Maintenance sales were down, brakes, rotors, which I’ve talked about specifically in the prepared remarks. The other thing that's happening in that sector is the independent part of the sector is performing much better today than the national accounts, if you will. And I think those things will change over time. As you see, we get back into a normal weather pattern, but again, we're having this opportunity to introduce ourselves, particularly to some of these up and down the street accounts at a different level than we have on the past. I don't believe that people are “returning to work”. We don't see it yet in a significant miles driven improvement. It improved vastly in the summertime, but then it's kind of been fairly steady over the recent months we've seen. But I’ll remind you that not all miles driven are the same. So people that are driving to work in some of these urban cores, generally aren't our core customer. Our core customer has not had the luxury just like our AutoZoners that are in the stores and the distribution centers. Our core customer doesn't have the luxury to work from home. They're doing manual labor. They're providing service economy kind of jobs. And so I don't think that our core customers really seen a significant change in their driving behaviors.
William Rhodes: I think it's a very fair way to think about it. And I'll just remind you, when we got serious about the commercial business was 2008. We were doing about $750 million annually at that point in time. In the last 12 years, we've more than tripled the business, getting close to quadruple in the business. And it's been pretty darn sticky along the way. That's certainly our hope. And as we're launching many of these new initiatives that are only going to amplify our service advantage, as we've now shored up our inventory assortments, we’ve built this brand and we've got somebody telling our story and our salesforce, we feel pretty good about the future. Will it be a straight line? No, it never is. But we've had a pretty strong trajectory over the last 12 years of growing that business much faster than the industry has grown.
William Rhodes: All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate, we believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. We thank you for participating in today's call and we'd like to wish our AutoZoners and everyone on the call, a very happy and most important, a healthy holiday season and a prosperous new year. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. This is Jamere. What I'll say is a couple of things. First of all, we control our own destiny here. In the results, as it relates to our gross margins, are not a result of cost pressures or pricing spirals within the industry. What we're doing is, we're investing in a disciplined way to improve our competitive positioning. We're improving our overall profitability. And in many ways the productivity we're achieving in operating expenses serves as a bill payer for some of the investments that we're making. What I'll say about pricing is that we're making decisions on pricing, merchandising and investments based on data and discipline. And these are decisions that are resulting in both share gains and higher overall earnings. So I like the playbook that we have as it relates to the pricing.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So let me say this. I mean, this is perhaps one of the most powerful free cash flow stories really in all of industry. And the business model that we have enables us to invest in a disciplined way in growth and return meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders in a very consistent and efficient way. And so what we recognized is that, this model is powerful enough from a cash flow standpoint for us to do that investment in a growth of our business and continue along the journey that we've been, returning meaningful amounts of cash and what the free cash flow that we generate. So we don't see a need today to do anything different in terms of leverage and we also don't see a need today to do anything different in terms of moving off the center line that we have for this disciplined capital allocation strategy.
Jamere Jackson: And the only thing I'll add is, you've talked a little bit about operating expenses and wage pressure. You saw this last quarter, our teams did an outstanding job of really driving productivity and we run the productivity play with intensity inside the company, and we've been able to manage our labor costs sort of in line with volume. There will be pockets of wage pressure, as you mentioned in certain regions, but quite frankly, we're committed to investing in our AutoZoners regardless of what happens with the regulatory environment. And quite frankly, that's one of the reasons why we're so good at driving productivity inside of the company. So again, we control our own destiny as it relates to these things and we're going to invest in a disciplined way to move the needle on earnings as a whole.
