William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. Our company has been extremely successful over the long run. We remain committed to delivering WOW! Customer Service going forward. We continue to execute at a high level and it is our incredible AutoZoners, now across the globe, who work tirelessly to achieve these results. As we've said earlier on our call, our results this past quarter were solid, but not as good as we would have liked. We continued to experience some unique regional performance differences that weigh on our results. Clearly, our business has experienced a slowdown over the last several months and we continue to believe a significant amount of that slowdown is likely due to the mild winter we experienced last year. But we are still cautious on discussing weather as the entire story. For one reason, we can't control the weather. Our charge is to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering EPS growth of 15.7% and an ROIC of 33.0% for the quarter are great results. As we look to the future, the past month's slowdown in industry sales remains a concern, and we will continue to manage our business accordingly. We believe some portion of it is due to last winter's mild winter. But that likely isn't the entire story. While we mentioned earlier that our more recent sales results have been better, we are careful not to oversell this point as we appreciate the challenging same-store sales comparison we have this quarter from last year's Q2. So while we cannot predict sales, what we do know is we will continue to effectively manage this business through good times and less good, as evidenced by our 25 consecutive quarters of double-digit EPS growth, which included all kinds of macro trends. As we think about our model, we grow new store square footage at an annual rate of approximately 4%, and we expect to continue growing our Commercial businesses at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share comfortably into double digits. This model has been quite successful for an extended period of time. Before we close, I'd like to reiterate how excited we are about the upcoming acquisition of AutoAnything. The business and organization the Kleins and their team have built is impressive, and we look forward to working with them to provide WOW! Customer Service to all of our collective customers. Additionally, I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and communities. Our approach remains consistent. We're focused on succeeding in the second quarter of 2013, and we are optimistic and excited about the remainder of the year. Before we move to the Q&A period, I'd like to take this opportunity to recognize and say goodbye to 2 of our great leaders. Over the next month, both Lisa Kranc, Senior Vice President of Marketing; and Bob Olsen, Corporate Development Officer, will be retiring. Both have been key leaders of our organization for more than a decade, and their contributions have been invaluable. They will certainly be missed, but they built strong teams and those teams will continue to prosper in their absence. As we thank them for their past service, we want to wish both Lisa and Bob and their families all the best in their future endeavors. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: I think it does not necessarily surprise us, Colin. As we looked at it last year, use the brake systems or the chassis system, they didn't go through the wear and tear due to snow, ice, salt, all those different kinds of things. That just didn't happen last year. And so as we started seeing this divergence, we did anticipate that it would happen. I think even on our last call, we said that we don't necessarily anticipate we'll know the answer to it until we get into the spring. So I just think it just didn't have the rugged issues that it typically has in those areas during the winter, and we're going have to wait and see what happens next year.
William C. Rhodes: No, I think you're right. I think generally, you're going to do a lot of maintenance projects in March and in October, one coming out of winter, one going into the winter, to prepare for it. But there has been a step function change in our sales patterns and in even our demand patterns, which is where AutoZoners are looking up products, in these specific maintenance areas in those regions. And it is pretty dramatic in those regions, what we've seen, and it's persisted since about April. I think part of the winter last year was a little bit -- was disguised because it was so warm that people were doing some of those maintenance projects earlier than they typically would have, so we didn't really see it until April. But from that point on, it has been very consistent.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I would say every single area of the company. We're looking at headcount. We've slowed our Commercial openings a little bit. That will ramp back up as we come into the spring. But we're just -- we want to be cautious as we go into the second quarter. The second quarter is always the most financially challenging quarter because it has 3 different holidays in it. Our sales performance in those quarters are always the lowest of the year, so it's always a big concern. So we're just going to be very aggressive, managing every single cost of the company as we go through Q2. And I think by the end of Q2, we'll begin seeing some signs of what the sales environment is going to look like after we annualize this winter.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Gary. First of all, number one, I apologize for everybody that had the impacts of Sandy. I know it's been traumatic up there for many of you on this call in the Northeast and I hope everybody is doing well. For our business, Sandy over, say, a 3-week period of time, was not a material event. We saw significant deceleration in sales the week of the event. It appears we picked those sales back up over the next couple of weeks. So I would say it was not a material event in the quarter. When we talked about sales performance, we said in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, we did not address the first couple of weeks of the new quarter because we just don't like to get into ever -- get into the sales pattern of the new quarter because we release earnings within 2.5 weeks and I just don't want people trying to develop trends off of those short periods of time. As we think about Sandy, one of the corollaries we have is when we see these kinds of storms in Florida and the Mississippi Gulf Coast and Louisiana, we typically see a pretty nice increase in our business in the region for, call it, 6 months or so after the storm because there is a lot of people that do our kind of work, that come to the area to do the repairs. There's also money flowing, whether it's insurance money or FEMA, and in a lot of cases we see a nice pickup on a regional basis as a result of some of these catastrophic events.
William C. Rhodes: Well, great questions. We are very excited about AutoAnything, and I just want to spend one second to talk about the members of the management team that we've come in contact with, particularly the Klein family. It was amazing in the first meeting that we had with them. I believe it was back in July. The consistency of our business philosophies, the value structure and just -- there was a real chemistry there. So they are very focused on their culture, and I think they're going to be a phenomenal fit for us. One of the things that AutoAnything does for us is they allow us to reach into a customer segment that we really don't participate in very much even in our stores, much less over the Internet today. Their demographics are much higher-income demographics. They are very good at accessories and performance, which are areas where we don't excel at. We are fantastic on the parts side of the business. So I think that they are a very nice complement to us. We will continue to run them -- our vision is to continue to run them as a stand-alone company. Now, there are tremendous strengths that they have and there's tremendous strengths that we have, and we're going to work very collaboratively with them to find those areas of leverage and those areas of synergy so that we can improve the performance of both organizations. But we're really excited. As for ALLDATA, there's really probably not going to be any significant connections with ALLDATA. But really, the connections are going to be with our E-Commerce team here in Memphis, which is led by Jamey Traywick, who did a tremendous job working with AutoAnything and assessing this acquisition opportunity.
William C. Rhodes: Almost identical, Matt, except the impact on Commercial, as you mentioned, was a little bit more significant than it was in DIY. But it's remarkable how focused it is in the same areas of the country and how focused it is in the same categories.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Look, clearly as we open new programs, we cannibalize existing programs to some extent, not a tremendous extent. But the bottom line is we have 2% market share. So the fact that we cannibalize in existing stores, open a new program, to start that new program and to grow in that other market area, that's something we're willing to compromise on over the short term. Over the long term, we need to have substantially more of our stores on the Commercial program and that's our vision. And I want to be really -- I want to hit this point crystal clear: we opened 37 programs in Commercial in the first quarter. We're not going to open a ton of them in the second quarter, but we're going to open a lot in the back half of the year. It just doesn't make a lot of sense, particularly when we're dealing with a softer sales environment, to open up a lot of Commercial programs going into the second quarter where a lot of the shops are going to be closed 3 to 5 days because of holidays and the sales volumes are lower.
William C. Rhodes: Matt, we are constantly looking for ways to improve. But at the macro level, we have great confidence in our strategy. We continue to see that we're gaining market share in both Retail and Commercial in every way we can look at it. And so we're going to stick to our knitting. That's been a big part of our secret to success over the long term. It is not to change strategies on a quarter-to-quarter, week-to-week basis, to stick to it and execute it in an exceptionally high level, and that's our plan going forward.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, and I want to be careful not to overdo that. I even said it in my prepared comments. I don't want to extrapolate 2 weeks' performance. It was post-Sandy and clearly, we saw improvements in that period of time. And particularly in the Northeast but also in the Midwest, where all of those markets actually turned positive for those couple of weeks. But I would just be careful. We said all along it's going to be spring before we really know, and I don't want anybody to try to extrapolate those couple of weeks that were promising to us. But it's also been 74 degrees down here over the weekend, so we're still looking for winter to hit.
William C. Rhodes: I think anytime an organization is faced with a challenging sales environment, and clearly our Commercial customers are, they get focused just like we've been focused on, how do they improve their profitability? And yes, there has been a bit more focus on pricing. I don't want to over-extrapolate that either, but there's clearly focus on, how can they get the best value? And we think we provide them with a tremendous value.
William C. Rhodes: I wouldn't try to say that it's going to have a material impact on our margins. It hasn't at this point in time. What we want to do is we want to make sure that we're conveying the complete value proposition. There's a lot of other things that we do. We've got great pricing today, always have, always will, but there's other elements that are important to our strategy.
William C. Rhodes: Okay, before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted, as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan to succeed for the remainder of 2013, but I want to stress that this is a marathon, not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Lastly, I'd like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season, and a prosperous new year. We thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
William T. Giles: That's a great question. I mean, I think our entire organization has really done an incredible job of really focusing on all the elements that we believe cause shrink. And so it starts both from an analytical standpoint; it starts at the distribution centers; and most importantly, it starts with all of our AutoZoners in the stores taking care of our customers. And so we believe that reducing shrink really starts with great customer service, as well as some system enhancements and better inventory management control, all things that we've worked on over the past, I'd say probably 2 to 3 years. Exceptionally hard, and I think you're starting to see those results in the last, probably, 5 or 6 quarters. And we had good results this quarter as well and we expect to have slightly favorable trends going forward. But at some point in time, I'm sure it will moderate out.
William T. Giles: Yes. I mean, I think one of the things that we look back on, Gary, is that we believe it's more focused on weather, just from the standpoint that we don't see a lot of changes in competitive behavior that would attribute the kind of sales performance that we've seen since that April time period going forward. And so we've done a fair amount of analysis on this, both from an external factor as well as an internal factor. And when we look at all of that analysis, there doesn't seem to be any action specifically that we are taking or that our competitors are taking that has resulted in the sales performance that we're experiencing. And we supplement that by looking at it from a category perspective. As Bill mentioned before, when you look at a lot of these maintenance categories, they seem to be hit harder than most.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think one thing to think about too is that virtually all of our stores are, at some level, supported by a hub. And you're right. We've got about 67 or so that have been expanded. And what's happening on those expanded hubs is that we we're able to introduce more coverage, and that really is the primary purpose of it, and we are seeing an increase in the sales performance of those satellite stores, as well as the Commercial programs. So it certainly gives us the confidence for us to continue to move forward with this initiative of expanding and relocating hubs where we think it's appropriate, so that we can get better coverage in those marketplaces.
William T. Giles: I think at a high level, what we really want to make sure the system does is allow us to allocate our payroll dollars on a more surgical basis so that we are matching our hours. Like any retailer, we're trying to match our hours with our sales demand, not just generically on a Saturday but more specifically, on this individual hours during the week and specifically on the weekend. And so, the system is up and running within the stores. Like any good IT system, we're working through issues during the first couple of months. But we're getting some benefits out of it. We're certainly being able to manage and control our models at a more surgical level than we have historically and we'll continue to see benefits. I can't give you a quantification of it right now but ultimately, what we're really focused on is improving our customer service by ensuring that we've got the right number of AutoZoners during the right hours of the day.
William T. Giles: I don't think so. I don't think that the cannibalization has been really more intense per se. I think that obviously, we've opened more stores in the last fiscal year than we ever have, leading up to that point. The other thing that's also contributing to it is that we now have a much larger population of immature programs than we have had in the past. So to Bill's point, at the end of the day we've got a 2% market share so we need to continue to drive our business, both on existing programs, and some of that's going to come from expanding and relocating the hubs, getting more inventory into the market for same-day delivery, as well as being able to open more programs. We've got -- 65% of our stores today have a Commercial program, and obviously, we believe it can be significantly higher than that. So we're less focused on cannibalization, more focused on market share and just growing EBIT dollars.
William T. Giles: I wouldn't say it grew more intense over the last few quarters. I do think that -- and we don't want to keep harping on it, but I do think that the sales performance of the 3 regions that we keep highlighting have just been a lot different than the rest of the country, both DIY and specifically in Commercial as well. And so we look at it from a geographic perspective and we see differences. But on an overall basis, I wouldn't say that we're seeing differences on our individual customers.
William T. Giles: No. They're not negative. I think you got to look at a lot of the immaturity levels of the new programs coming in.
William T. Giles: Well, we have some of it in the stores today, but the fact of the matter is that is a very SKU-intensive business. And so it really affords itself very well for online, and so we think there's real opportunities to be able to capture market share online. And AutoAnything does a really good job on accessories and performance.
William T. Giles: It's a combination of both to some extent, but we're also getting better pricing. And when you think back over a year ago, we had a lot of price inflation that we're not necessarily experiencing today. That coupled with the fact that we're getting better pricing and our merchandising team is doing a great job on sourcing as well. And so...
