Phil Daniele: Thank you, Jamere. During the quarter, we launched our new fiscal year, and I’d like to take a moment to discuss the key takeaways from our national sales meeting in September. At the meeting, we launched our operating theme for the New Year, Live the Pledge. While we have used this theme previously, it continues to deeply resonate with our AutoZoners. Simply put, it differentiates us from everyone else. The energy at the event has never been higher. The pledge is the core of our culture, and I, our Board and our leadership team believe we can never overemphasize our culture. It is defined by helping solve our customers’ challenges and optimizing the performance of their vehicles. It is based on a team-based approach of recognizing everyone’s contributions and performance, putting team goals ahead of personal goals. It sets the standard at exceptional performance, not mediocrity. And it’s about caring about people, both our customers and our AutoZoners. It’s about providing unparalleled career opportunities to a diverse population of AutoZoners. And it’s about the AutoZone family. Calling yourself a family comes with great responsibility, and it’s so much more. The pledge and our values summarize our operating strategy succinctly. Fiscal 2024’s top priority is enhanced execution. Additionally, we have many strategic projects in varying stages of completion. We will continue opening new mega hubs and hubs. Construction on our new distribution centers and the optimization of our new direct import facility are a focus, as we are also ramping up our domestic and international store growth to achieve 500 annual new store openings by 2028. As you noticed, our international teams posted same-store sales comps on a constant currency basis of 10.9%, much higher than our domestic comp. International has been strong for a few years now. While I mentioned all of these investments in FY24, the number one focus for the remainder of the year will be on growing share in our domestic commercial business. We believe we have a solid plan in place for growth over the next 12 months. We know our focus on parts availability and better customer service will lead to additional sales growth. We are excited about what we can accomplish for the remainder of this year. Finally, I’d like to update you on our leadership transition plan. Next month, Bill will become Executive Chair and I will become President and CEO. It will be one of the greatest honors of my life to move into that role. And while that role will come with new opportunities and challenges, I continue to be very bullish about the prospects because I know we have an extraordinary culture and a terrific industry and as you have seen, an ever-evolving but exceptional team. As Bill and I both continue to say, and it may sound a little bit cliché, and we both believe it. AutoZone’s best days lie ahead of us. I want to thank Bill for his wonderful nearly 19-year tenure leading this company and thank him for his leadership. I’m excited about the opportunity to continue to leverage him and his experiences in this new role as Executive Chair. I also want to thank three other long-term senior leaders for their amazing contributions to our success Grant McGee, Charlie Pleas and Al Saltiel with their respective 34, 27, and 10 years of service to AutoZone. They have had an enormous contributions, and their legacies will be evident in the teams they have built and the contributions those teams will make over the coming decades. I congratulate each of them and wish Grant and Bonnie, Charlie and Doris, and Al and Sue well earned happiness in their next chapters. Now, we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Phil Daniele: Yes, there is. If you kind of looked at the business, and talking about the big traditional nationals and the up and down the street or the local shop, those folks have performed pretty well. The national accounts, particularly the ones that are focused on tires, have been where we’ve struggled the most. And this really goes back to a lot of the weather conversations we had from last year, those tire organizations just aren’t getting the tires off at the same rate. They take the tire off, they see the calipers frozen or lots of rust on those parts in there and they get the job. That’s just not happening at the same rate it has previously.
Phil Daniele: Yes. Thanks. It’s great question. I think as we said, we’re slightly disappointed with our commercial growth for this particular quarter. We’re happy to accelerate it, but we frankly thought it would accelerate a little bit faster. We’re happy with the progress that we’re making. And to your question about double-digit long term, yes, we think we can get back to those types of growth numbers over time, particularly because we have such low share percent on the commercial side of the business in that 4% to 5% range. So over a long time, we believe we will be able to continue to expand our market share. And as we continue to have these newer stores that we’ve opened over the last five quarters continue to mature and we continue to improve our execution, we believe we will continue to grow our comps in the DIFM space.
Phil Daniele: Yes. I’ll break that up into two parts. If you think about the DIY competition, we’ve had a very stable base of competitors there for a very long period of time. That business is pretty stable, and there’s not a whole lot of new or changing strategies that appears from the competition. On the DIFM side, if you kind of think about our -- what we call our close-in competitors or the public folks, not a lot of changes there other than what O’Reilly did 1.5-year ago or so on their pricing strategy. On the WD side, I think you kind of have to look at pandemic time versus today, one of the things that we believe is they really struggled with some in-stock in some key categories over the pandemic. Over the last, say, a year or so, it appears that they have become more in-stock on those key categories, like everybody has, but they were probably more acutely impacted than a lot of the public players, and they’ve returned to more normal levels. As a reminder, we are still not back to our pre-pandemic levels of in-stock, but we’re pretty darn close.
Phil Daniele: Yes. Yes, just delivery times can be wildly different depending on proximity of the part and how close that shop may be to a given store or a hub or mega hub. And the delivery times on mega hub inventory or what we call expanded parts can differ wildly if it has to be relayed through a store or delivered directly. Our average delivery times, you’re kind of thinking in that 30-minute range. So, a 10% improvement in delivery times is pretty meaningful, but it may be 3 to 5 minutes, and that matters when a customer is sitting there trying to turn their bay. So we believe we’ll continue to leverage and improve our delivery times. And that’s a key strategy for us because it’s a measure of customer service.
Phil Daniele: Yes. That’s a great question. If you -- and I even mentioned it in the prepared remarks, if we go back to when I was SVP of Commercial, the facts are, our per store performance has improved on a per store basis, the productivity of those individual stores. Looking back over a decade’s worth of time, we went through this phase where we had less than 50% of our stores or around 50% of our stores had commercial. And we slowly -- not slowly, we ramped up to roughly 70 -- high-70s, low-80% of our stores in commercial. Then, we had a period of time where we really focused on per store productivity. And that’s been going on for the last several years, say, 5 to 7 years. Today, we’re at a spot where we’ve had stores that previously didn’t have commercial in them, and we’ve looked at the market differently with a much different share ownership, where we believe those stores are now productive and we’re opening them. If you kind of forecasted that out into the future, we think we’ve probably opened the vast majority of those stores that previously didn’t have commercial. There’ll probably be some, but I don’t think you’ll see this large opening of previously opened stores that didn’t have commercial programs that do today. But we think those stores over time will be as productive as the stores we have that have been open for a long period of time, and we like that productivity model going into the future.
Phil Daniele: You also -- you mentioned price, specifically on the DIFM side. And although we made a price investment several years ago, today, we like our pricing strategy. Now, the pricing is always a pretty dynamic point of our business, and we’ll continue to monitor that. But we like where we are from a pricing strategy today. So we don’t see any major or deviation from our current pricing strategy.
Phil Daniele: That’s a great question. Yes, it’s not necessarily different between a net new store and one that’s -- a store that’s been open for some number of years and then you add the program later. But those maturity curves, as you would probably imagine, they ramp pretty quick on the very front end, and then it has a hockey stick over those first couple of years, and then they tend to grow consistently after that. Keep in mind, and I’ll go back to one of the things we said earlier, we think an individual store should grow for a pretty long period of time based on the fact that we continue to improve execution and oh, by the way, we only have 4% to 5% market share. And that market share, although it may be slightly different depending on the size of the city or the market that we’re competing in, we’re still at a pretty low share, specifically relative to the WD space who owns the vast majority of that share.
Phil Daniele: Yes. Keep in mind, so the Duralast investment in product quality and brand perception has been going on for decades, frankly. But I think we really accelerated that probably 10 years ago, maybe a little more. As we think about our family of brands, Duralast has essentially a couple of tiers, Duralast, Duralast Gold, Platinum, and we have some other private labels. But for the most part, we are -- generally speaking, we go for coverage first over choice. So, we don’t have a whole lot of good, better, best up and down. We do in some categories like batteries and brakes and things of that nature. But for the most part, we may have a Duralast brand, and that’s what we have. In some cases, we have a total pro brand, which would be an opening price point. But we don’t have a whole lot of choice in our stores. We’re generally speaking, coverage first, except in key categories, brakes, batteries being the best example.
Phil Daniele: Seems appropriate, Seth that you got to ask Bill the last question that he probably gets to answer on these calls. So, before we conclude the call, I’d like to take a moment to reiterate we believe that our industry is in a strong position and our business model is solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year, but we will take nothing for granted as we understand that our customers have alternatives. We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and strive to optimize shareholder value for the future, we are confident AutoZone will be successful. Lastly, I want to wish everyone a happy and healthy holiday season, and thank you for participating in today’s call.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. I mean from a margin standpoint, we’re very pleased with the progress that we’re making on margins, both gross margins and total operating margins. In our business in Mexico, which is much more mature than obviously what we have in Brazil, we’ve been very pleased with the actions we’ve been able to take on the merchandising side of the business, and that’s given us a very healthy gross margin in that business. And then, if you also think about the inherent advantages that you have from a cost structure standpoint, particularly with wage rates and labor, it’s a very attractive operating margin structure in Mexico. And we believe as our business in Brazil matures and scales over time that we’ll see similar advantages in Brazil. So net-net, what we’re doing on the international side, while it’s a fast-growing business, it’s also going to have a lot of margin calories that come along with it.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. We’re pleased with the progress that we’ve made on gross margins, and it’s really comprised of two pieces. Number one, from a merchandising margin standpoint, we’ve done a great job inside our merchandising organization of finding cost opportunities and pricing opportunities that have given us accretive gross margins, and we’re doing a tremendous job there. Second element of that, quite frankly, has been the work that we’ve done inside the supply chain. If you recall, our supply chain was under tremendous pressure over the last couple of years or so from a cost standpoint, and we’re now starting to see some benefits as some of those pressures have abated. But if you look at this business over the long term, I mean, we have historically been able to churn out positive gross margin improvements in a very-disciplined fashion over time. And that has enabled us to grow our earnings very predictably as we move forward. And when we think about the pricing environment, as we’ve said and we continue to reiterate, pricing is a pretty dynamic environment. We don’t feel like we need to make any pricing investments at this point to be able to operate the business and grow share. But if we do have to make those moves, we’ll certainly do those, if it results in us improving units and ultimately growing EBIT. But at this point, we’re in pretty good shape in terms of where we are from a pricing standpoint and feel that we’re very competitive in the marketplace.
Jamere Jackson: We like the investment profile that we have today. And we have been very, very clear that we’re investing in SG&A at a pretty accelerated pace and have done so over the last couple of years or so, and that’s come in the form of store payroll, particularly around our commercial program, but also IT. And these are the kinds of things that are enabling us to drive the growth initiative in commercial. For example, Phil mentioned what we’re doing on delivery times. The work that we’re doing to improve our delivery times is all underpinned by investments that we’ve made in technology that make it easier for us to deploy drivers and, quite frankly, give us a better opportunity to tell our customers exactly where our drivers are in the route and how fast they’re going to get the parts. So, those are some of the examples of things that we’ve invested in, and we’re going to continue to do that. And that investment profile is going to pay dividends for us, in terms of speed, in terms of productivity and in terms of better results, in terms of customer service.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So, if you think about LIFO, we’ve got about $57 million or so that we still need to get back through the P&L before we sort of wrap up that piece of our discussions, hopefully. We expect this quarter to be in the 5 to -- call it, 5 to 10-ish ZIP code, depending on what we see in terms of deflation. And the cadence going forward is likely going to be in that ZIP code. If it changes, as we’ve done in the last few quarters or so, we’ll give you our latest update and our latest guidance. And if you think about what we’re doing from a gross margin standpoint, again, if you look at our business over the long term, we typically have driven gross margin improvement from a merchandising standpoint in that, call it, 30 to 35 bps range. And what we said after we came out of the pricing changes that we made a couple of years or so ago that we would continue to run that play with discipline and intensity and be able to drive that. From a supply chain standpoint, again, we are improving in supply chain, but it is largely because our supply chain was under tremendous pressure for a couple of years or so. So I wouldn’t expect that portion to be 40 bps every single quarter, but we’re making steady improvements there. And last quarter, in particular, was a tough quarter from a supply chain standpoint, and our teams have done a great job of turning that around.
Jamere Jackson: Well, I think what we’ve said historically, and you’ve seen us certainly behave this way is that as we saw inflation in the business, we took pricing accordingly. And as we come out of that, particularly with things like freight starting to come down, that is an opportunity for us to improve the gross margin profile of the business. The pricing environment has been incredibly rational, has been for decades, and it’s certainly behaving rationally today. And so, we don’t see a need to go deliberately invest gross margin improvements and the pricing to drive demand. But if the case was that we thought that the pricing bands which we’ve established that have helped us grow our market share sort of got out of line, then we would not hesitate to go invest gross margin and be able to go do that to drive units and to drive market share growth. But the environment that we’re operating in today is very, very rational, and we believe that the gross margin improvements that we’re seeing today are an opportunity for us to expand margins and ultimately add more calories to the bottom line.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think I would also add, we continue to say that in Brazil, we’re still losing money there. So we’re in an investment phase. We’re ramping up our store count very aggressively. But with that comes some operating losses that are kind of consistent with what we’ve been seeing over the last five or six years.
Bill Rhodes: I think that’s right, Bret. But frankly, we have a lot of -- a whole lot of very new stores that are in very new markets as we’re expanding. I mean, we’ve opened 40 stores or so in the last 18 months. And those stores are very immature. So, we’ve got to see how those new stores and new markets mature. Right now, they’re causing a pretty good headwind but not unanticipated.
Bill Rhodes: That’s a terrific question, Chris. Let’s step back and talk about this on a long-term basis first. If you think about the retail business, which we have much more experience in the retail business and you think about it over long periods of time, we don’t spend a lot of time talking about the strength of the consumer, much more so when tough times happen, i.e., recessions, those have been the periods where we’ve outperformed more so than any other periods of time. So, we don’t spend a whole lot of time on the consumer. We certainly see in the retail business, there’s some trading down going down the good, better, best product assortments. I think in the commercial side, we have suppositions that we haven’t yet proven because we haven’t been in that business at this level for an extended period of time. I believe we think that there may be some consumers that are trading from DIFM into DIY in certain jobs as they’re trying to save money. The thing I would encourage us all to focus on more so than minor fluctuations in consumer sentiment. As we enter the second quarter, the one thing I always worry about is the weather patterns in the second quarter are extremely volatile, and they can have big impacts on our performance, both positive and negative. And as we’ve said, those impacts of the weather, particularly in the Rust Belt, can have ongoing implications as we get into the spring and summer and even the fall months. If we get significant snow and ice, particularly in the Rust Belt in the Northeast, that bodes well for us. If we don’t, then we’re going to have a little bit of a challenge. To me, that is the more impactful thing that’s going to happen in the near term than consumer sentiment.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It’s interesting, Chris, because the beginning of the quarter last year, there was no weather. We had significant weather around the holidays for a couple of weeks and thought, okay, here we go on, our business responded really, really well. And then the January, February, into March, particularly in the Rust Belt, it was lack of snow and ice and fairly moderate temperatures. Unfortunately, we don’t have a meteorologist on staff either. And at the end of the day, we’re running this business for not quarters, not years, but for decades. And the weather implications, they’re going to even out. I just always try to make sure and caution everybody at the beginning of the second quarter that we could have really strong performance and we can have really weak performances driven by weather, and that doesn’t need to change how we approach our strategy over the long term.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I’ll separate the two. First of all, we’ve been in the retail business for a very long time. We’ve had lots of periods of time where we grow in the 0% to 2% kind of range. We’re coming off a period of time in the pandemic where our retail volumes went up 25% to 30%. And we are, frankly, tickled to death to still be holding on to those retail volumes, and we believe we’ve retained about 85% of the share that we gained during that three-year period of time. So we’re very pleased with that. We always want to grow faster. We’re basically flat this quarter. We’re trying new things, but we’re pleased with where we are in the retail business. We aren’t pleased with where we are in the commercial business. But let’s don’t forget, this quarter’s comp of 5.7% is comping against about a 15% comp last year. So while we didn’t meet our goals or aspirations in the quarter, 5% or 2%, we’re not disappointed. We’re not discouraged. We know we have a long runway to go in the commercial business. Again, we’re going to play this in decades, not quarters and years. We feel like that depending on the weather in the second quarter, it’s probably going to look similar to plus or minus 1% or 2%, similar to what we’ve seen in the first quarter. Our hope and our plan is to accelerate, particularly on the commercial side of the business as we enter the second half of the year and we continue to improve our execution.
Bill Rhodes: I think I’ll go back to what I said, Simeon. I think we understand the retail business very well. As we’ve ramped so significantly in the commercial business, I don’t think we know what the cyclical nature of that business is. We have, as I said, a supposition that there are certain people that in difficult recessionary periods of time will trade down into DIY to do a brake job or a battery job where they might have taken it to a shop before. But remember, the last time we saw a real recession, our commercial business was $1 billion. We should surpass $5 billion this year. So, I just don’t think we have the deep insights that we do in the retail business.
Bill Rhodes: I think I’d just add also, you can’t think about these new stores as if they’re in isolation. Many of those customers were servicing already from another store and will take 40% of the projected volume from another store because we can service them so much better because we’re in a much closer proximity. So, every one of them is a little bit different. If they’re in a rural area, we really don’t service those customers, so they start from the ground zero. But many of the urban and suburban markets, we have a little bit of a head start already.
Bill Rhodes: I think that’s absolutely accurate, Seth. As we’ve said for many years, the quote unquote, I’ve said the dirty little secret about the retail side of this business is that the transactions have been challenged, and they’ve been challenged for over 25 years. They’re challenged for a lot of reasons because the OE manufacturers are making vehicles and their components much better. Used to, you’d had a lot more frequency of failures on those components. Today, they’re not. They don’t fail as much because they have a lot of technology involved in those components. So, what has happened over a very long periods of time is you have this 2% to 4% drag on transactions, but you have an equivalent amount on the average price per piece because the cost of the technology that’s going into those parts. We didn’t see -- we eliminated that transaction drag during the pandemic and, frankly, grew upper single digits in transactions. Today, our transaction count is starting to look a lot more similar to the way it has been in the past. One of the challenges that we’re still dealing with in the retail business is, last year, we had hyperinflation, double-digit inflation. And so, our ticket isn’t up as much as it normally would be. And I think that’s because we’re normalizing getting past that super high inflation from last year. As we think about the DIY business thinking out 3 or 4 or 5 years, first of all, we’re going to have to continue to improve it, and we have efforts underway to do that. But we believe it’s a 3% kind of ticket drag and hopefully more than -- or sorry, transaction drag on a same-store basis and more than offset that from the average unit retail.
Bill Rhodes: I think everybody thinks that DIFM is going to grow at these very rapid rates and DIY is going to decline. What we’ve seen over a very significant periods of time is DIY usually grows 3% to 4%, and commercial grows 0.5 point to 1 point faster. I think if you rolled out the next three years, unless there’s some big economic shock or something like COVID, that will probably continue to be the case.
