William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We are pleased this morning to report our 35th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, growing this quarter at a rate of 13.1%. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. At the end of the day, our customers have choices, and we must innovate to ensure they turn to us for their vehicle needs. We will continue to invest in our businesses and monitor the results from our ongoing inventory initiatives. As we have tested multiple delivery frequency models, financial results have been inconclusive as to which format makes the most sense. There are incremental costs to more frequent deliveries, and we have to make sure we develop the appropriate long-term solutions, because many of these additional costs will virtually become fixed costs. We are moving forward with our mega hub store concept. As you can see, we've got lots of exciting things going on. Along with our inventory assortment, our initiatives around commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, e-commerce, Brazil and now IMC are all just getting started. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate, and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double-digits. We feel the track we're on will allow us to continue winning for the long-term. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It's the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief this solid consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we're investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We're pleased with our results this past quarter, but we must remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, first of all, Seth, thank you for the question. I want to be careful about giving out too much specific information, because we have two stores that have been on the program for a considerable amount of time. We just rolled the other two locations in the last eight weeks or so. I will tell you that those two locations are performing at or above our expectations so far, so they are helping us build our confidence level. But I don't want to get into specific sales performance indicators, because there is some variability between them and there's two of them that are just so new. But what I will tell you is we do have a higher degree of confidence in that, that's why we're going forward with looking for additional sites. And we are – it is certainly meeting or exceeding our financial expectations, which means it's meeting our internal rate of return or better.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, it's going to be interesting over time and we're very early in this as well. We started with eight stores on the program and we've now up to over 500 stores, but many of those stores are very early in the process. I think what we're learning so far is the stores that are very close to IMC locations are going to outperform those that are farther away; and there's certainly a big amount of our stores, call it, half of them that can be touched by an IMC location today, but there's a bunch of them that would have to be serviced overnight. So it's really early. While we did have assumptions in our overall model and so far we're meeting or exceeding those assumptions, but we've got a long way to go.
William C. Rhodes: That's a terrific question, Dan. I would say it's not about execution. I've got to tell you, what our team has done to roll out over 900 stores on multiple deliveries per week and really just over two quarters is pretty remarkable. I guess there's 700 stores of them (38:00) just over the last couple of quarters is really remarkable. And while we're still learning how to do it better, they've almost flawlessly executed that, so hats off to all the team that's worked on that. One of the problems we have with this initiative is that we have elected to do many of the tests very close to the specific distribution centers. It's easier, it's cheaper, lot of other reasons, but because of that, we have very small geographies that – where these tests are focused on, and some of those geographies are going through different things in the marketplace that have nothing to do with delivery frequency. So we're seeing very different results in certain markets, and so that's why we keep expanding the test to try to broaden that slot so that we can make sure that we understand what the benefits of that are.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, I would say we definitely get a bigger lift from the frequency of delivery test, which is focused on the SKUs that are in those local stores that are sorted there and making sure we have the right replenishment levels. However, the costs of that initiative are materially higher than they are on the mega hubs.
William C. Rhodes: It's a fantastic question, which means I wish I could answer it and I can't. I would have thought we would have made this decision by now and would have articulated it to you. But some of our results have been inconclusive. And there's a lot of moving pieces here. And as we said in our prepared comments, this is a big decision, and we at AutoZone are pretty methodical in how we make decisions. This isn't about next year or year after, this is about the long-term and so we want to make sure we get it right. So we're going to take enough time to get it right. And then as far as rollouts, we've been pretty aggressive the last two quarters by rolling 350 stores, 400 stores onto this program. I don't know that we could go a lot faster than that. We might be able to as we get deeper into it, but it's not something that we would be able to roll out all at once, nor is it something we need to roll out all at once. I think you look at the way we've done things in the past, whether that was the commercial new model that we rolled out or the hub store initiatives that we rolled out, we like to get in a cadence, do it where it's digestible and where we can execute it at a very high level, so I suspect that's how we would roll it out.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. One of the things we talked about probably more extensively on the last call was at the beginning of this fiscal year, we made a shift. We've been opening a tremendous amount of stores over the last three years or four years on the commercial program. And with that, our sales with our mature programs and specifically, our mature customers, were not performing as well as we would have liked. So beginning kind of September 1, we really re-anchored our focus on those mature stores and mature customers, and we've turned the tide not I would say, marginally at this point in time, but probably more encouragingly than we would have thought. We still have a ways to go, but I think that is one of the key metrics that's on the forefront of what we were looking at. More subjectively, I'd just say you think back seven years, eight years ago, when we went to this new commercial strategy, our receptivity in the marketplace is just vastly different from people that we try to hire to customers that we go in and make sales calls. Think back eight years ago, we didn't have a sales force out telling our story. Now, we have a very robust and talented and well-trained sales force out there telling our story, and it's making a meaningful difference in the marketplace on their receptivity to us.
William C. Rhodes: No, not at all. Not at all. It's probably slightly skewed to commercial, but it's also very robust on the retail side.
William C. Rhodes: I think we've actually called it out on the last two specific discussions that we thought it was a net benefit. It's not 5% benefit, but in the 1% kind of range. This quarter, we didn't spend as much time on it, although I think it's beneficial with a slight increase. It's probably not as beneficial as it was the last quarter. The real story this quarter was all about our first period and first four weeks of the quarter, which were really, really tough, we expected them to be tough because of the 100 basis points that we mentioned last quarter we pulled forward. But then those late winter storms, particularly in the Deep South, just really muted our growth. Actually, we were down pretty significantly, so we were – that was the story of the quarter so the one we wanted to focus on in our remarks.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, and I would just say in those first few weeks, Matt, weather is always seasonal in the spring time. But we were – it was the third quarter here. We're sitting with six inches of snow in Memphis, Tennessee. That's not normal.
William C. Rhodes: I think it's difficult for us right now to continue to size it. Look, we're doing close to $1.8 million per store on an annual basis. These are not going to make that $2.5 million. We could maybe pick up $1,000, $1,500 per store per week over time if these initiatives work, but that's let's also remember the competitive landscape is not a stagnant place either. People – this whole industry is chasing parts coverage, parts availability and the ability to say yes, because our customers need it. As parts proliferation continues, it's become a greater and greater challenge and frankly, it's on the forefront of one of the ways we compete against each other. But I don't know that we can sit here and say here's what the numbers going to be because the landscape is going to change over time.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, you're talking about really a halo effect there, and clearly, the confidence of our sales team on the commercial side of our counter folks on the DIY side, that's certainly an element. But I would say the bigger element of it is, if a customer, specifically a commercial customer, is calling you six times or seven times a day, if they see a noticeable increase in the amount of times that you say yes, you're going to pick up more share with him. Conversely, if you're saying no more than your competitors said, then you're going to be challenged. So I think there certainly are halo effects. That's hard to see in the data and hard to estimate over what time that's going to happen, but we certainly think if there's an issue or a benefit there.
William C. Rhodes: All right. Before we conclude the call, I hope you had a nice Memorial Day weekend, and I look forward to updating you on our activities from the summer. While we're excited about our growth prospects for the year, we do not take things for granted, as we understand our customers have choices. Our competition is not standing still and we must continue to challenge ourselves to improve. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress this is a marathon, not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we're confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call, and have a great week.
William T. Giles: Yeah, thanks, John. We obviously today import a fair amount of product directly ourselves today and we use third parties in order to help us do that. And we will continue to do so. But what we really want to do is to be able to put ourselves in a position to increase that fairly significant over the next several years. Though as Bill highlighted in his comments, our expectation as I said, we will put AutoZone resources overseas in a dedicated office that will allow us to be closer to the vendors and the manufacturers so that we can source with a broader net and improve our quality control, et cetera. So there's a lot of opportunities there on a long-term basis.
William T. Giles: I think probably better opportunity to source from a broader selection of manufacturers and vendors. It will have the opportunity to reduce pricing, because we'll be able to go direct in many circumstances. It likely will add a little bit of inventory just from the standpoint that you'll own it for a longer period of time in the process, but we believe obviously there's the savings that we will achieve from the acquisition costs will far outweigh those carrying costs. And then from a quality perspective, it probably has some opportunity to improve the quality although we feel really good about the quality of our product today that we import. So there's a little bit of opportunity there, but probably not as much. The real focus is going to be on the acquisition cost, getting closer to the vendors and the manufacturers and improving the profitability of the company.
William T. Giles: I would say that if Duralast increases as a percent of our total, it wouldn't be as a result of this initiative necessarily. It's more about sourcing.
William T. Giles: The market is somewhat stable from an online, although it does continues to be somewhat promotional in nature. From our vantage point, it's really mostly traffic. And so, our traffic has continued to grow at double-digit kind of rates. So we've experienced good traffic and it's a great source of information for our end customers.
William T. Giles: That's a good question, and my expectation is that the further we penetrate into the global sourcing, the narrower those numbers will get. But I suspect it's a few hundred basis points when you take everything into consideration. But you do have some additional cost, as we mentioned earlier, relative to owning the inventory for a longer period of time, and frankly, owning it end-to-end. So there are some offsets, but I would say that's probably a round number to use.
William T. Giles: Yeah, I think the way to think about it is that we've started this journey a long time ago, and we do a fair amount of direct importing today. And so, it's not that we're starting from ground zero necessarily. The merchandising team has been working on this for a long time, and quite frankly, today, have done a great job of having a fair amount of direct importing. However, we think we can probably more than double what we're doing today and probably a little better than that over the next three years to five years. So we're kind of in the third or fourth innings, and working our way through.
