Bill Rhodes: Thanks Bill. This quarter we reported our second consecutive quarter of challenged sales and profitability performance following 41 quarters of double-digit growth and EPS. Clearly, some of our recent challenges have been macro like timing of IRS refunds, rising wages and interest rates and peso weakness, but macro challenges and benefits come and go. We also have some areas where we need to improve our performance and that is where our attention is focused, determining the right frequency of delivery to our stores from a cost benefit perspective; figuring out why our shrink results deteriorated and correcting those efforts; reaccelerating our sales in both retail and in particular in commercials; finding new ways to leverage our most important asset, our AutoZoners in an accelerating wage environment where personal touch and trustworthy advice really matter and differentiate us. While we are disappointed our recent performance as a Company and as a team, we have been through both periods of difficulty and periods of tremendous success. Over any extended period, our Company successes have been remarkable. While we need to challenge ourselves, our decisions, processes and strategies, we also need to remember our tremendous record of success and reinforce some of our guiding principles; evolution over revolution and superior execution with consistent strategy is a winning formula. Simultaneously as we are faced with more difficult circumstances, we must step back and take a more objective view of what is working and what may not be. As we are in that stage, we see so many things that our team continues to do exceptionally well. But we also see some areas of opportunities, more areas from accelerated experimentation. After so many years of unprecedented performance, I am proud of our team for their steadfast commitment to our culture, strategy and approach and for their dissatisfaction with our current performance. Having exceptional that executes extremely well, our focus remains on being successful over the long run. That success will be attributable to our approach to levering our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices; we must exceed their expectations in what the way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments and we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2017 and beyond. As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their cars, we are committed to providing the trustworthy advice that they expect. It truly is the value-add that differentiates us from any other faceless transactions. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our website and in-store experience to provide even more knowledgeable service. We don't ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want, but today's customers do expect more information on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone, and it will be long into the future. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 38 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Regarding separating the comps between the weather and the tax refund, it's really difficult to do that Alan. I wish I can give you more clarity. I would like to go on little more detail on the tax refund. As we mentioned on our last call, we fully expect that those refunds have been shifted later in the cycle and we would actually see a benefit from those in Q3. For whatever reason that we don’t quite understand, those refund dollars never seem to show up. I don’t know -- if I went to say things, [ph] you hear some of that; as I go to remittances to Mexico, did they show up in other sectors in retail or other sectors of economy, we don’t know. But it does not appear that they came into our sector in any meaningful way. And we’ve watched it very closely and we have monthly reporting on market share from two different sources and both of those sources continue to show that our market share gains were very similar throughout this period of time. We just had an eight-week period, three weeks in last quarter and five weeks in this quarter, we were just significantly impacted; it was kind of like when the calendar turned in April, things went back to normal like they were in the fall and early winter. Regarding the mega hubs, we continue to see that it provides a benefit when our store get turned on to it, very significant benefit, 1% to 1.5% range when they get fully turned on to full service out of mega hubs. 
Bill Rhodes: I think there are several things in that question, Alan. First of all, as we increase this investment profile, not only the sales get weaker but several of the things that have been industry tailwinds and our financials are macro tailwinds and our financials turned against this, so it was a little bit of a double whammy. As we look at it going forward, yes, we're going to change our cost structure where we can. The biggest question we’re focused on right now is, we think there is some opportunities to decrease the multiple frequency of deliveries that we’ve rolled out over the last couple of years. Unfortunately, we've not been able to quantifiably see that we're getting a sufficient benefit out of that. So, we're going to continue to test and take some of these stores down to two times a week, we can set a three times a week and hopefully make a final decision in the next six months or so on where we will be long-term. We will pull back some of those costs. What we won’t do is pulling [ph] back cost at the point we're not providing great service to our customers. We're in this for the long-term and sometimes we're going to have periods of little bit weakness and sometimes going to have great periods of strength. We’ve got to manage this business for the long-term.
Bill Rhodes: Great questions, Simeon. When we talked about May, we were talking about May that we was still in the same part of our portal. As we think about the sales environment, what we noticed was there was a very distinct eight-week period of time where it acted very differently. Go back to the fall, September through mid-January, it was pretty consistent. Now, we have fluctuations week-to-week and you asked about in April that we see fluctuations. Of course, we do because the weather patterns in April are so different. But the expectations week to week based upon the weather that we were experiencing was more consistent with our expectations. That was not the case in that February to March period of time.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, that’s a great question. So, as I think about the industry sales environment and when I think about AutoZone’s sales performance over the last year as compared to other years, we have come off to very, very mild winters. I have mentioned it in the prepared remarks, what we have experienced over of two year period of time in the Northeast, Midwest, and Mid-Atlantic is alarming. I don’t think that has anything to be with what's going on in those markets. I think it has to do with what's going on with the weather pattern. We can see it in specific categories that are very related to snow, ice, salt potholes, mainly under car items. So, I think very strong as that has as impacted our industry's performance. And then, this whole tax refund thing, this year, it was just a tremendous anomaly. I can't explain it; I don’t know where those dollars went but that has been such a big driver of our industry sales over the last five or six years and it just went away this year, it was non-existent. And the other thing on AutoZone’s front is our commercial sales are decelerated. They decelerated because we were doing a lot of things on opening new programs and our sales were benefiting from that. As we’ve gotten further down that maturation, we hadn’t had [ph] the same benefit from those. But we continue to gain market share in both retail and commercial. We believe the sales environment is going to continue to be pretty strong.
Bill Rhodes: It has such a good blend, Steven. We feel really good about the mega hubs and the results that we have had. And you are spot on that there are some real estate constrains relative to our ability to open up more and more mega hubs. You will see us continue to open up mega hubs and the speed at which that we open them up will be somewhat contingent upon finding the right available real estate in order to do that from more frequent delivery standpoint. Look, we are an analytically driven company, and if we do not see the benefits from the investments that we are making, we are going to make adjustments to that. So from that perspective, yes, we believe that we will basically reduce expenses from that perspective in the future as we make adjustments to that.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, that’s a host of those things but frankly you have hit on the right one, sales can be a big driver, distance, number of stores on a route et cetera. So there will be a number of factors there. But sales are going to be heavily weighted, because again we have adequate return on the investment dollars that we are putting forth and right now we don’t believe that we are not going to make adjustments to it.
Bill Rhodes: I think there has been some very minor improvements in sales which would go away, but it's not material, unfortunately. If it was, we continue to do it. And I want to be careful here. We have not made final decisions. This is a very complicated analysis to do. So, we are still doing some work over the next several months to figure out what the right frequency for us is. One of the things we are realizing is that many years ago in our hub stores, we started doing kind of feeder replenishment out of those stores to the outlined store that they service and so that’s one of the reason we are not getting the same kind of benefits out of the multiple frequency of delivery. We were already [indiscernible] highest probability SKUs that we sell; so that benefit didn’t exists for us.
Bill Rhodes: I agree with your read of the numbers versus last quarter but you remember, last quarter got killed at the end, particularly DIY. So, I think both businesses have been impacted during that eight-week period of time pretty significantly. And our commercial business has decelerated more than we would have expected. By the way that’s why we're going back and taken another strategic look at commercial. I'm really excited about what we're going to be doing. It’s going to take us some time but we're going to take a fresh look at what we’re doing in commercial and what are our long-term strategies there. 
Bill Rhodes: I don’t want to get into what's going to happen as we go into individual quarter comparisons but I'll go into what your original question is. What has changed with the macro outlook for sales in this industry over the long term? I would answer that absolutely nothing. We had an eight-week period of time, which we believe we can very easily attribute to the tax refund delays and two mild winters. But I don’t see anything else in this industry that has changed really at all.
Bill Rhodes: Again, I don’t want to get into giving guidance. What I'll tell you is I think the industry performance over the long term has not changed by any significant level. And the one challenge that we have in our sales performance compared to what it's been over the last five years is that our commercial business is not growing at the same rate that it was growing before as we opened all those new programs. We have to take that on and we have to find ways to accelerate the market share gains that we are already getting in commercial. And that will be a critical element of our story over time.
Bill Rhodes: I have been in this business for 22 years. I can't add up five times without seeing lower prices lead to higher sales.
Bill Rhodes: I think over the long term, we would -- that would be -- continue to be our goal. I did highlight, in the short-term, we have a disproportionate amount of things, some of which are decisions we have made or things we have done to ourselves and some of them are kind of a disproportionate amount of macros things that are current and are headwinds for us. I think in the intermediate term, we have some more challenges to get to those numbers. Over the long-term, particularly if we are able to reaccelerate our commercial business, that will continue to be our goals and aspirations.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Regarding those macro trends that you talked about, regarding unemployment and increased gas prices, the only time we’ve really seen unemployment be a key driver of our performance is when it has been significant increases like during the great recession. And for whatever reason that seems to be a driver of our business rather detractor of our business. On gas prices, clearly, we want them to be as low as possible. But the only time we’ve really seen -- or call them out as material contributors to our success or headwinds for us, have been when they really got up around $4 a gallon. So, I don’t think we believe move from 2 to 250 is going to make any significant difference on our performance. Regarding traffic, clearly our traffic was down this quarter, particularly on the retail side of the business, it was one of the softer quarters that we have had. It has not performed any different than it has over the long term during this April period of time, in order it perform any differently in the fall. We do have an industry -- as an industry, our long term challenge was traffic going down but at the same time cost of products going up as the quality improves on the products that we sell, we have been doing that last 20 years.
Bill Rhodes: All right. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I just like to wish everyone a nice Memorial Day weekend and thank you everyone that have served in our process. [Ph] But we are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything from granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call.
Bill Giles: Yes. Matt, it's not as much an ROI calculation because the capital that we are deploying to do this is not that significant. We are opening these two distribution centers, not because of multiple frequency of delivery, but because we need an incremental distribution capacity. But this is more about how are we going to -- better than a breakeven on the sales environment for the operating expense increases that we have experienced. So, the vast majority of the difference will be seen in gross margins; there will be a little bit of it in the SG&A but most of it will be in gross margins.
Bill Giles: Yes, it's predominantly supply chain; it's truck runs but it's also extra tours to the distribution centers, so labor in the DCs.
Bill Giles: I would say, the core base business continues to do well, if you just look at it on a local currency basis, the business continues to perform strong. We're very pleased with what the team has done down there et cetera; from a foreign currency exchange impact on our EPS growth rate, it is probably a little less than 1% of an impact from a growth rate prospective. So, it continues to be a bit of a headwind. So, for us, it’s really about the exchange rate; there is not a lot of strategies that we're necessary going to change. We feel pretty good about the position of Mexico, we're excited about 500th store opening as Bill mentioned earlier. So that business continues to go well but hopefully the peso will turn around a little bit in future.
Bill Giles: Yes. I would say actually we feel really good about what the merchandising organization has done relative to continuing to find opportunities to lower acquisition costs. We mentioned a couple of quarters ago about our activity around direct importing and we continue to increase that. So, the team has done a nice job there, continuing to increase that. So, I feel really good about the health of the gross margin rate today and going forward. It may be a little bit less but it’s still very healthy and it’s very well positioned. So, we have a couple of very identifiable expense items that are putting some headwind on gross margin, both of which we believe are just near-term headwinds and we will be able to work our way through those. But lowering acquisition costs is something that we think is there for a while.
Bill Giles: I think as we move forward, we expect that number to hang where it is little bit, maybe come down a little. You saw that came down consecutively from last quarter on a per store basis. So, inventory levels are little bit higher than we would have desired; some of that was sales related; some of that also is some of the activities that have relative to opening up mega hubs, direct import activity et cetera. So, some of that is for good reasons. But, we expect it to moderate going forward.
