Bill Rhodes: Thank you Bill.  Before we conclude I want to reiterate that our industry’s performance has been strong for the last couple of years.  But I believe our team’s commitment to our culture and our customers combined with our initiatives have contributed significantly to our success as evidenced by our continuing growth in market share in both retail and commercial.  We remain committed to continuing to improve our business model and our operations, continual refinements but frankly we are not making radical or high risk changes. We have an exceptional business model that still has tremendous opportunities for further improvements.  For fiscal 2011 we will continue to focus on our key priorities.  Again, great people providing great service, continual refinements and improvements in our hub strategy, leveraging the Internet, profitably growing commercial, ever-improving inventory management and improving our product assortment.  Before we move to Q&A I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and the communities we serve. Our approach remains consistent.  We are focused on one team going the extra mile in 2011 and we’re in a solid position to do just that.  Now we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Sure Alan and thank you for your comments.  First of all, there are two different ways to talk about this one team.  First of all we have a test in a very small set of stores where we have enacted the one team approach and basically what that means is we bring the commercial desk out on the counter.  And so there is some very minimal cost related to relocating that commercial desk. But then they function as one team and they can from that counter, anybody can service commercial or retail.  The bigger part of it is this whole attitudinal shift in our organization of everybody chipping in.  We’re not looking inside the organization as I’m responsible for commercial or retail or All Data or Mexico.  We’re really focused on one team and that has really been the surprise to me and it’s one of those things that just built momentum on its own. So going back to the first one, I don’t know what the timing of roll out on it will be or what the costs will be.  It’s really too early.  We’re about to roll out the next set of test stores to see where we go from there.  But as that changes we’ll let you know once we have more clarity on it ourselves.
Bill Rhodes: That’s a great question Alan.  We’re seeing it across the board.  We track it from existing customers and what kind of growth are we seeing from them.  That’s improved.  We’re tracking new customers and what are we getting from those customers.  And that’s improved.  And as importantly, we also unfortunately lose customers and our trends in lost customers are also improving.  So it’s across the board.  Our team, both the field, sales and operations team and the sales force are doing a great job of really getting out there. And I talked about the sales calls that I’ve been on recently and the mindset shift of our sales team members and the receptivity of the commercial customers is just so vastly different than it was three years ago.  So I’m continuing to be very excited about the future.
Bill Rhodes: I mean people have asked us and I wanted to make sure and clear that up because people ask us are you trying to be a 50/50 split or a 70/30 split.  I don’t care what the split is.  I don’t want us to put false constraints on the organization to think we need to prioritize this business over that business.  We need to have maximum market share in each of those businesses as long as we can do it properly.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah.  I mean the average ticket may be going up an extra 1% or down 1% from quarter to quarter due to changes in commodities or whatever the case may be.  But the real change has been in the customer count trend.
Bill Rhodes: That’s a great question.  All of them and I really mean that.  If we would have done one without the other it wouldn’t have worked.  That’s been the beauty of this program that for a while we had a sales force a number of years ago but we didn’t have the foundational elements in place.  We didn’t have the right parts coverage, we didn’t have the right service model.  And then we didn’t have somebody out telling our story. If we did one without the other it wouldn’t work.  The beauty of what we have done is it’s been holistic, it’s been focused on the customer and it’s been sustainable and that’s I think been the big change.
Bill Rhodes: I think the biggest benefit is it reduces the amount of time that you have to transact business with your customer.  So if the customer is sitting there and you have to go through 20 steps it’s a little bit frustrating to them. The amount of time, we’re not ever going to see that time in payroll because it’s such small amounts.  But it will allow them more time to help DIY customers, make outbound sales calls, work on inventory management - whatever the case may be.
Bill Rhodes: That’s a great question.  First of all, it makes you take another look at how quickly you want to exit product categories because vehicles are being held longer.  And so if anything, the bell curve is getting flatter or wider and so you are having to re-evaluate when you want to exit certain categories.  But the beauty of the model that we have in place today with the hub stores is that we don’t have to replicate that inventory coverage in 4400 stores. We can put it in 145 stores and then leverage it in those 4400 stores.  So I talked about the importance of this program that we have on our hub stores to right size them and make sure that they are in the right place.  That is going to be a very important part of our strategy as we go forward.  It’s going to take us a while.  We have a significant number of stores that frankly don’t have the product offering that we want today because they are simply too small.  And so we are going through a process where we are going to expand some of them in existing locations. We are going to relocate a couple of them to larger locations and then relocate some of them to put them in the proper retail and commercial center relocations.
Bill Rhodes: Okay.  I’ll try.  I’m having a little bit of trouble hearing you but your question was regarding share and I’ll start with commercial.  Commercial our share is miniscule at this point in time.  So it’s not about how large our share, where it’s coming from - we’re really in the introductory phase in commercial.  But we’re introducing ourselves very fast and very well at this point in time.  To retail I think it’s certainly a more important gauge for us. And when we talk about share we’re referring to MPD market share and there are only really the larger competitors are the only ones that are participating in MPD today.  So when we say we’re gaining share in retail and commercial, it’s versus the remaining market that contributes to MPD and there are about eight or nine companies that contribute to that. I do not know although I would expect that we’re gaining share versus the mom and pops in the other parts but I can’t confirm that with data like we can with MPD.  The MPD information on where we’re gaining share in the retail business is in virtually every geographic area and in almost virtually every category.  So it’s across the board and obviously we’re gaining some of that share because we’re expanding our number of outlets but I think we’re gaining it because we’ve got the right product assortment and the right service model.
Bill Rhodes: It’s very hard to determine a specific amount and we have some outside sources that help us try to estimate it but again, I’ll highlight that it’s an estimate.  But you could think about it being maybe 20% or so of our growth in same store sales.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah.  I’ll start with the technological phenomenon is still ongoing today.  You take carburetors and fuel injectors, there’s 1000 examples of where the systems on the vehicle have changed and the failure rates have been reduced.  But the cost of those products are so much more.  What’s changed now is the customer’s behavior. The customers are more focused on maintaining their vehicles today than they were three or four years ago.  And if you go back to that period of time maybe there were more headwinds out there than we realized.  Maybe new car sales were more of a headwind.  Maybe people were turning their cars more frequently therefore they weren’t maintaining them at the right level.  Certainly when gas prices got over $4 a gallon that was a major headwind. But I think that there has been and obviously you’ve seen it - we’ve gone through the Great Recession and it’s the toughest economic times that this country has ever seen since the Great Depression.  And I think people have changed their mindset and they have changed their mindset on how they deal with debt.  They have changed their mindset with how they deal with one of their most valuable assets, which is their vehicles.  And although we don’t know what the future is going to hold, my suspicion is that there is going to be some long-term benefit that is going to be positive for our industry out of people focused on taking better care of their vehicles and not buying and selling as frequently.
Bill Rhodes: Well, first of all I think our competitors are very good competitors.  They run very good businesses.  I wouldn’t say that their business models have changed materially, not in the way that we see them out there.  But they are very good at what they do and they’re getting better every day and if we don’t get better they’re going to catch up to us.  So it’s on us to get better.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah.  I mean we do have numbers particularly on the additional sizing, more so than the relos because we know today what products are not in the stores that we want in the stores and they’re in other hub stores and we can see what their performance is like.  Obviously we’re not going to share what those  numbers are but they are certainly sufficient to allow us to move forward with a relocation or expansion strategy on virtually all of the hubs that we have today and that will allow us to achieve reasonable IRR in excess of our hurdle rate.  So we’re very excited about it.  We have very good visibility to what we think is going to happen because of the other hubs and we’re working very rapidly to make it happen.
Bill Rhodes: I wouldn’t say that.  I think that obviously our business took off when they got more concerned about their pocketbooks.  I haven’t seen or I don’t think we have seen any material change in their mindset over the last six to nine months.
Bill Rhodes: No.  Not at all.  As you would expect, discretionary categories are discretionary by nature.  And in this time of economic challenge people aren’t as likely to change out their floor mats or to do other discretionary things.
Bill Rhodes: Okay.  Thanks.  Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remained very, very strong. We remain excited about our growth prospects for the upcoming year. We cannot take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key points of differentiation from our competition and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain successful. We have a solid plan for 2011 and we’re excited about our opportunities.  But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint.  As we continue to focus on the basics and never take our eye off of optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are highly confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. Lastly, I’d like to wish everyone a very happy holiday season and a prosperous new year.  Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
Bill Giles: Yeah.  I think if you think about it we had about a fully rolled out program today although in Q1 of last year I believe 71 of the programs were rolled out.  So we’re anniversarying some of that impact.  There was about an 18 basis point impact on SG&A this quarter and it’d be safe to assume that as we migrate our way through completely through the end of this year that that will begin to subside as we anniversary the roll out of that program.  We did a lot of those since the fourth quarter of last year.
Bill Giles: Actually when you think about it, a lot of the failure related categories actually had pretty good improvement overall and we have a lot of Duralast private label products branded products in those categories.  So we actually increased that.  And as you look forward we continue to believe that there is opportunity for us to find opportunities to introduce Duralast brand in other categories.  But clearly wiper blades is a great example of where we have introduced Duralast brand and have had great success with that. And you know overall the customers have great acceptance of Duralast products and that continues to increase the penetration.
Bill Giles: I would say it was more the launch of some of those things like wipers and a few categories within failure related products that actually increased.  So it’s a good example of our ability to continue to promote the Duralast brand into other categories.
Bill Giles: You know another point too is that Bill talked before about the one team concept where we have got commercial out on the desk and being able to have DIY and commercial being serviced the same.  The simplicity of the system really allows more people to operate the system.  Before it was just too complex and now it’s very intuitive and very similar to the way our DIY Z Net system works.
Bill Giles: Yeah.  I mean it’s really primarily concerned with one particular case but we’re involved in cases all the time and we continually evaluate them and adjust the reserve based on facts and circumstances during the quarter.  So that’s really what transpired this quarter.
Bill Giles: I don’t think there’s anything really one time necessarily, Aram.  I think that we have continually done a pretty good job (conducting) inventory and CAPEX may have been a little bit lighter this quarter but not dramatically.  So I don’t think I would think about it as a one-timer.
Bill Giles: We have and we have for a while.  And we continually go back and identify opportunities to renegotiate leases that are coming up given the environment that we’re operating in today from an economic standpoint.  And then we’re also taking opportunities to buy out leases where we think that it makes economic sense for us.  So we continue to evaluate the exact same thing.
Bill Giles: I think it’s a slight incremental value and obviously we only do it where it makes sense.  We’re not doing a significant number of them but we are finding opportunities.
Bill Giles: I think one of the things Bill mentioned before was that a large portion of our customers get online to get information about the part and availability and to some extent pricing before they come to the store.  And so we have seen our percent of visitors increase significantly over the last year.  And so what we’re aimed at is having a seamless shopping experience for our customers so that they are able to shop online if that is convenient for them or to get online and get a significant amount of information about the product. They can also get online and retrieve repair information and provide them with a wealth of information over and above what we can give at the counter.  So it’s all about trustworthy advice and then also it’s also about expansion of assortment as well.  And so obviously online we have the ability to provide a larger assortment than we do inside the box.  So again, we want it to be a seamless shopping experience and we want to continue to be able to promote trustworthy advice.  And we’re getting a significant amount of visitors coming to our site and that is increasing.  So we know that we’re doing something right.
Bill Giles: Yeah.  We don’t expect to see any difference.  The product offering is going to be relatively similar albeit slightly expanded on the e-commerce site.  But again it will be the same representation and as we mentioned before, Duralast is a great branded product and is very well received by the customers both online and at the store.
Bill Giles: I don’t think they’re probably as wide as you’re thinking necessarily. I think it’s failure related parts are growing at a faster rate than the other ones.  Everything is growing so it’s not as though something is negative necessarily.  So they’re all growing at a healthy rate and failure is growing probably the fastest followed by maintenance.
Bill Giles: Yeah.  I mean just to be clear we’re not first to market necessarily.  I mean there are others that have much higher penetration.  But we believe that with the new platform that we have launched and the receptivity that we’re seeing that we have significant opportunity to increase our penetration on that side of the business.  We do see good receptivity and I think that the consumers, the customers are continuing to migrate to that. And it’s going to be a shop by shop event because some shops only deal in electronic ordering and others simply don’t.  But one thing’s for sure, it certainly allows us an opportunity to garner market share particularly with those shops that are very focused on electronic ordering.  But I do think long term that the penetration will continue to increase and it’ll become a much more acceptable way of conducting business for even the up and down the street shops.
Bill Giles: I don’t think there is a significant cost advantage.  I think it’s more about our ability to be able to streamline the process for both the customer and ourselves.  There is probably some; it’s too early to quantify what that would be.  But the real focus of what we’re trying to accomplish is providing our customers who choose to shop that way or execute their business that way a great platform by which to execute it.
Bill Giles: I think that the one thing that the organization has demonstrated over time if you look over the last year or two or five years, there is an ability to manage the cost structure in accordance with the sales environment that we’re operating in.  And if you look over the last year, you’re right.  We have had a great opportunity to be able to invest in some initiatives that we believe are actually contributing to the results that we’re experiencing today. And so we’re going to continue to manage it that way and at the same time allow ourselves to be nimble so that we can pull back where we need to if in fact sales were to change.
Bill Giles: Yeah.  I think our traffic continues to be healthy and we’re obviously probably experiencing new people into the industry and the mix of sales that we have from a product perspective, we’re probably seeing some customers that are actually doing more failure related work than they have in the past.
