Bill Rhodes: Thanks Bill. As we head into the fourth quarter; we are encouraged by the traction we are gaining with internal sales initiatives; the investments we are making to improve customer service and product availability, the strength of our industry and the favorable macro trends; we are optimistic looking forward for the remainder of the selling season. We are excited to intensify our focus on our core businesses, because we see these core businesses as tremendously attractive and in strong markets. We will continue our domestic and international expansion efforts growing roughly 200 locations annually. We will continue to focus on growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate to the market growth. We will intensify our omni-channel efforts and we will leverage ALLDATA as the premier tool shops use in the automotive aftermarket. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments, and we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2018 and beyond. As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their vehicles, we are committed to providing the trustworthy advice they expect. It truly is the value-add that differentiates us from any other faceless transaction. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial Web sites and in-store experience, to provide even more knowledgeable service. We don't ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want, but today's customers do expect more information from a variety of sources on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone, and it will be long into the future. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last nearly 39 years, and we continue to be excited about our future. Now, we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, your general expectations of what we’re anticipating coming in this quarter are about right. And I’d go back to what we talked about in September. This industry, our sales over the last five years have traded in a very tight band. This summer we were a little bit disappointed by them. As we move into the fourth quarter, I don't know whether we’ll recoup half of them or most of them. But as we look forward, we know that there is extensive deferred maintenance, particularly on the maintenance related parts. And that maintenance work is going to have to be done at some point in time. You could see some of it was done in the commercial side with the way they were working in garages, but we just didn't see the rebound in those under car categories that we would’ve anticipated.
Bill Rhodes: Michael, I’d like to add on that front too. If you recall back in 2006, we had a similar investment cycle. We were running about 17.5% operating margin at the time, and we felt like there were some things that we need to do to improve our execution for the long-term. And we invested about 50 basis points of margin at that point in time, and our margin went down to about 17. Of course over the next 10 years that improved up to about 19.4%. We envision this the same way. These are some things that we have opportunities to enhance our performance over the long term and feel comfortable doing them, but they’re one time in nature.
Bill Rhodes: The April looked -- it looked pretty tough in the first half of the week or first half of the month. The third week improved and then the fourth week was very, very strong. But the fourth week was the first time that we had really warm dry weather. And obviously, you can’t straight-line warm dry weather all the way through the fourth quarter. But we were encouraged when the weather improved it met our expectations for what would happen in the business.
Bill Rhodes: As you think about it, we’ve said several times that we’re going to recoup over $200 million net income on an annual basis. We’re talking about investing less than half of that into the long-term aspects of our business. And we're very comfortable with where we’re putting those dollars. We’re really focused on two things wages of our hourly AutoZoners, the most tenured and most knowledgeable people that really help differentiate us in the marketplace. And we want to make sure that we are effectively compensating them in a environment. And then secondly, we’re going to making some pretty significant investments in technology. Many of those are things we would have done, but we’re accelerating our investments in technology somewhat because of this tax reform. And so we will have an expanded investment profile next fiscal year. But once we get beyond that, we feel like we’ll be very good shaped.
Bill Rhodes: I would anticipate, once we get on the other side of it that our EBIT growth would be in the 3% to 5% range, and it will depend somewhat on the cash flow that we’re generating. And frankly, it depends a little bit on the multiples of stock as to how much the share repurchase program grants. There were periods of time we were generating $1.3 billion in share repurchases and that would mean 5% or 6%, and sometimes it’s in 4%, 5%. So it somewhat depends on other factors as well.
Bill Rhodes: I would say not much. I would say that it’s relatively consistent with the way we looked at it before. And in fact, most of the numbers are coming in pretty close to where we had originally expected them to. And we’ve always looked at this wages, benefit technology. I think we’re relatively consistent on talking about those items sustain to places for which we are investing. There’s a handful of other ones that are less significant. But I would say for the most part the investments that we have lined up for next year are pretty consistent with the way we had thought about it. And now the timing is a little bit different. We probably will implement more of them as Bill talked about in the middle of the first quarter, our fiscal first quarter to coincide with merit increases. But other than that, I would say it’s been relatively consistent.
Bill Rhodes: I don't think we're seeing any significant impacts from inflation at this point in time. Obviously, oil prices have started to move up of late, and we're mindful of that. But so far, we haven't seen any material impacts of that. As you know, we dealt with inflationary impacts over long periods of time and our industry and particularly our AutoZoners have been able to handle it pretty well.
Bill Rhodes: It's not terribly material. We see pushes and pulls. As you know, we have a significant effort going on to direct source, and that also helping lower our acquisition cost.
Bill Rhodes: I think, number one, we control our own destiny. And I have a high degree of confidence in our team to continue to deliver. We've got some really exciting initiatives that we're working on. I think the biggest driver of our performance over the long term is going to be how do we perform in commercial. It is the single biggest growth opportunity that we have in front of us today, we got about 3% market share. We're still pretty immature in that business and we got a lot of things that we're working on to improve that business. And they're showing that we're gaining traction. So I continue to be very bullish about this business over the long period of time.
Bill Rhodes: The driver to us is -- if you think about over the long term, where is this headed. How are you going to determine whether a transaction is online or offline? It's not going to be online or offline. It could be over the phone, it’d be over the mobile device or your desktop, it's how are we going to be interacting with customers. And we want to make sure that we don't create channel conflicts. We feel like our value proposition is incredible, and we feel like a big part of that is the knowledge and trustworthy advice that our AutoZoners deliver to their customers, and be that over the phone, be that over chat, be that in the store. And we want to make sure that we're incentivizing our customers to engage with us. And we don't want to create channel conflicts. So that’s what drove our decision.
Bill Rhodes: I don’t think we’ve seen any competitive changes as a result of opening individual mega hubs. And all of us in the industry are taking different tactics. If one of our competitors opens a new distribution center, we don’t change our operating model in that market, and I haven’t seen any material changes across any of the markets where we’ve opened these mega hubs.
Bill Rhodes: I think the labor market is continues to get tighter, so we’ve gotten further into the economic cycle. We’re at very, very low historical unemployment rate and we make no mistake about -- we’re continuing to hire great people every day. Our turnover rate is down slightly, so it's not like we’re dealing with a catastrophic situation. We’re just trying to make sure that we continue to stay up in front of this situation. If you look at the regulatory environments, California and certain parts of the Northeast, you can clearly see what's in front of us from what those regulatory environment changes are going to be. The bigger question is, and you read all the retailer announcements of what they’re doing with wages this year or over the last two years, or what they’re going to be doing over the next couple of years. It is imperative that our AutoZoners be such an important part of our value proposition that we make sure that we’ve got the best people, and we’re going to make sure we continue to compensate them comparatively.
Bill Rhodes: What we’ve seen over the long period of time, we talked about it publicly, is there seems to be a real tipping point around $4 a gallon, and we’re long-long way from $4 a gallon today. But we’ve had periods of time when we got there. And clearly, we saw impacts in miles driven during those periods of time. But we’re a long way from $4 a gallon.
Bill Rhodes: I wouldn’t say that the distribution centers are designed to really drive, they’re designed to drive improvements in cost, because they’re going to be servicing closer areas, so you’re reducing the stem miles. But they’ll have slight improvements in service but those will be a little bit -- orders will get there a little bit quicker, so it’s really a more of a cost efficiency play. When you think about expanded coverage, our strategy on that is our mega hubs, and our mega hubs would carry close to 100,000 SKUs. As we open those, we significantly improve the yes percentage, our ability to say yes to our customers in those stores. And we always, always see a significant improvement in both retail and commercial in that store sales. And those stores generally are leveraging that 100,000 SKUs over 20 to 30 other stores that are in their hub network, if you will. And they’re delivering those parts for those stores three times a day, and we see significant growth in those stores. Then those mega hubs are also going to service -- some them don’t service any more hubs and several of them service four to six to eight additional hubs, and those can be on a same day or overnight basis. But we see improvements in sales by every store that’s touched by the mega hubs.
Bill Rhodes: As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’re testing a variety of different things. And I appreciate the fact that you guys are so observant that you caught on to this test. But I don’t want to make a big deal out of it yet, because it’s early in our test and we’re trying to watch the different things to make sure that we can service our customers. The one thing that we know is speed of delivery matters. And so we’re working on ways that we can deliver to our customers as quickly as possible, and that’s one of the elements that we’re testing. Let us get a little bit along in the test and then we’ll give you more clarity about where it is and what our plans are.
Bill Rhodes: I would say, we’ll continue to perform very well both what we call the up and down the street and the national accounts, so we feel very good about both of them. As far as whether or not the commercial customers taking advantage of the next day delivery program, I am sure some of them are, that’s not what it’s designed to do. And you got to remember, we’re delivering to these commercial customers usually in 30 minutes, next day would be a significant deterioration in service, so that’s really designed for the DIY customers.
Bill Rhodes: That’s a great point, Bret. But let's go back to what we were just talking about on the mega hubs. So the mega hubs have that extensive parts covered. So it’s not hard-to-find part, it’s generally to come out of that mega hub and they can get there sooner than next day in most cases.
Bill Rhodes: Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I would like to wish everyone a nice Memorial Day weekend and thank everyone that has served in our Armed Forces. We’re excited about our growth prospects for this year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives with a solid plan for future success. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. Thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
Bill Giles: No, I think of it is more of a -- and I appreciate the clarification. So when you think about FY19 on that increase in SG&A that’s a 52 to 52 week year comparison, and it excludes obviously those one-time items like the impairment charge in the pension plan termination, I think that's more one-time investment for us. Obviously, we’re going to continue to make investments here and there. But those investments on wage rates and the benefits really to ensure that we've got the right AutoZoners in place and we’ve get a great tenured hourly AutoZoners out there, and we want to make sure that we continue to maintain that and be competitive in the marketplace. So we think of that as more of a one-time investment, and then we’ll be more on a normalized run rate from that point forward. I think the investment in technology will continue to help drive sales -- those enhancements continue to get implemented throughout the year.
Bill Giles: No, just to be perfectly clear, those SG&As to get reallocated those have business units for the most part really were but not really contribute a lot of EBIT necessarily. So we’ll redeploy the assets that we have there both from an inventory perspective, as well as from an SG&A perspective as well.
Bill Giles: Yes, we feel really good about gross margin. I mean I think the merchandising organization has done a terrific job as far as improving the sourcing, reducing costs. The supply chain team has gotten through some assess the year on more frequent deliveries and we felt that stabilize. They’ve done a terrific job of opening two distribution centers over the last year. So we feel pretty bullish about gross margin, both from a merchandising cost perspective, as well as supply chain as well. There is no question we’re getting some headwinds on transportation costs on supply chain, but the team has done a terrific job of managing expenses and being able to actually leverage supply chain this past quarter. So outlook wise, we feel pretty confident.
Bill Giles: It was relatively small. I don't have it Matt off the top of my head. It’s not a significant number. But we can -- we'll shoot that out at some point.
Bill Giles: We’ll wait and see as it turns out, there is no question. April was soft period and the weather wasn’t in our favor. And I think you’re hearing that from not just us but from others as well. And so what that means for the summer, we’re bullish. We hope that that means more generation of sales from a lot of deferred maintenance that has transpired in the marketplace, but we’ll have to wait and see and see how this shapes out.
Bill Giles: You packed a lot of questions in there let me try to unpack them. Yes, 7.3% growth were commercial for the quarter, we felt pretty good about it. It was variable. It is also variable based upon week-to-week performance of the weather, but it is less variable than the DIY business. It too came out of the quarter pretty strong. As we think about the things that are driving that business, we’ve made tremendous investments over the last three years in making sure that we have the right delivery frequency for our cost model and optimizing our cost model, and also expanding our mega hubs, we’re up to 21 mega hubs now, looking it to be at 25 by the end of the year. Those mega hubs really give us enhanced access to hard-to-find inventory. And as we continue to roll them out, we see that the mega hub itself does very well. The local market that it serves is improved, and then even the other stores that are attached to other hubs see improvement. And then the other thing is our team, we’ve spent a lot of time, particularly over the last two years, getting our in-store teams focused on the commercial business, store managers and district managers intensifying their focus on the commercial business. And I think all those things together are continuing to pay dividends, and will for an extended period of time.
Bill Giles: I would hate to say one quarter is the ultimate tail for the run rate for our industry. This industry, as you very well know Simeon, it has been robust for 20 or 30 years. I did a presentation last week to our vendors at the Vendors Summit and talked about the 20-year run rate of this industry. And the fact that the DIY marketing total has grown about 4% a year for 20 years, the commercial markets drove about 4.5% a year for 20 years, and that’s a total growth that not a same store basis. And I’ve said time-and-time again, I’m disappointed with a 0.6 comp, but it’s not a minus 6 comp. I mean we’re continuing to trade within a pretty tight band. Look back over the last five years of the quarterly performance in it trades 3 to minus 1 or so, minus 1.8 I think. So I just don’t think that it’s radically changing by stress of imagination.
Bill Giles: It’s not terribly meaningful. It could be in the 20, 30 basis points range overall. Our online ship-to-home business is not a very big business for us. And so we wanted to make sure that we were incentivizing our customers to interact with us regardless of the channels that they wanted. And so we make some changes and it negatively impacted the ship-to-home business, but it's not a big part of our overall business.
Bill Giles: I think we’ll probably continue to see a little bit of wage pressure from the market overall. We do have some of the technology investments that are coming in during the fourth quarter as well. So those are some of the pressure points.
Bill Giles: I think excluding the extra week, we’ll have to wait and see. We don't really want to give guidance on that relative to what our EBIT is going to be or even our operating margin. As I’ve mentioned before, we feel good about gross margin. The organization has done a good job from a sourcing perspective from merchandising and reducing cost, team has done a good job. Obviously, we have some investments that we're going to undertake in SG&A, and we think that'll create momentum in the business.
Bill Giles: Transaction count was down for the quarter little bit, but we continue to have good performance in our average transaction value.
Bill Giles: That’s just really consistent, I think on that one. I think that the dollar amounts are pretty consistent. As we said, we’ve got about $200 million worth of benefit from the tax reform act, and that probably a little less than half of that would be reinvested back in the business, and a little more than half of that would go back to shareholders.
