Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. Clearly, our sales performance in Q2 was disappointing. We didn’t achieve our plans nor our aspirations. We always know Q2, our shortest, lowest sales season, will be volatile. And this year, due to a very mild winter, our performance suffered and suffered mightily in specific weather-sensitive categories and in particular markets. As we analyze our performance in great detail, we are confident that the key driver this quarter was weather. As we cannot influence the weather and as we know weather impacts normalize over time, our goal is to ensure we understand the drivers of our business and then move on and focus on what we can control. Most of our senior team has been in this business and with this Company for decades. And we have seen this in the past and are focused on delivering optimal performance in the short term in light of the sales environment. But, our real focus isn’t on any single quarters, but building our business for the long term. We all have seen enough cycles to know them when we see them. As we have recited internally, we weren’t brilliant in the first quarter and lost our touch in the second. This too shall pass. With half fiscal 2020 behind us, we believe we continue to be very well positioned to grow sales and earnings for the remainder of the year. Many are now looking at previous mild winters and trying to extrapolate them to the balance of the year, as are we. But, there are always other key factors that impact our industry’s performance, what is the timing of tax refunds, what’s going to happen with summer weather patterns, where are we with the aging of the car park and sweet spots, and on and on and on. In the end, we believe our sales will strengthen from here. And our focus remains on managing this business to the optimum profitability based on the current industry sales environment, which will run through normal marginal cycles from time to time. Our team did just that in the second quarter. As we look to the balance of the year, we commit that we will manage this business well, and we will manage it for the long term. Our business model is amazingly consistent. We generate a healthy amount of cash flow each and every year, and this year will be no different. Each year, we target to generate as much or more operating cash flow as the year before. And this year, we have the same target. Let me reiterate, we believe we are in good shape for the back half of the year. For the New Year, we must continue to execute consistently at a high level. We understand we must adhere to living the pledge and doing what is right for our customers. We cannot take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. For the remainder of the year, we have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives, and we will remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners’ workloads to reduce clutter and unnecessary task that given the way of making the customer experience better for both the DIY and the professional customer. We remain focused on growing our DIY business and continuing to grow our commercial business well in excess of industry growth rates. We promise to remain committed to both, executing our strategies and getting better every single day. I’d like to take this opportunity to again recognize and thank our team of talented, dedicated, passionate AutoZoners for what they do each and every day for our customers, which expands opportunities for AutoZoners, allows us to support the communities we serve and ultimately, rewards our shareholders. Now, we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question. We have a longstanding practice. We release our earnings usually within two weeks and a couple of days of the end of the quarter. And we have a longstanding practice to not talk about such a short period of time. As we evidence with the last two weeks of the quarter, our business can be incredibly volatile over short periods of time, and we don’t want anybody to try to extrapolate that good or bad for a 12-week quarter. So, we have longstanding practice to not talk about it. What we do say is, the second quarter is certainly more volatile than the third quarter. As we are entering the third quarter, we anticipate tax refunds coming. As I’m sure most of you have noticed, there was a significant amount of tax refund, $67 billion, that were issued last Wednesday that appears to be generally on track with where we were last year, and we’re excited to enter this very important selling season for us.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It’s - again, one of those things is very hard to tell. As we talked about what happened with the end of the quarter, that could have -- Q2 could have been a net positive or a net negative. In the end, it was a net negative, because of the way that weather hit at the very end of the season. We anticipate we will get what’s happened in the first half of the year back in the second, but it’s going to depend somewhat on what happens around the beginning of the quarter and the ending of the quarters.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think, you’re right, Simeon. I think it’s the latter. As we begin to move into the spring season, what dominates our performance is no longer extreme weather patterns. In the winter time, and a lot of people won’t look at what’s happening with average temperatures, which is an indicator. But, what really matters to us in the winter time is when we get extreme cold for an extended period of time, three, four, five days. That puts a lot of pressure on failure parts. The other part that really matters to us is what’s happening with road conditions. If we get a lot of snow and ice and freezing temperatures, that puts the road conditions in pretty bad shape, which puts more pressure on under car and brake systems. One of the things, as we enter this period of time, it’s more about the maintenance categories. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that a lot of times everybody wants to compare to what’s happened in the last three or four mild winters, and that’s absolutely right, and we’re doing the same thing. But there are other things that are happening in the environment. One of the things that’s happened in some of the previous mild winters is we had a significant amount of our maintenance businesses that were pulled forward into Q2. You found not only was it not extreme cold temperatures but you had some very nice weekend weather and people did DIY jobs. We did not see that in Q2. So we are anticipating as these tax refunds flow, as the weather improves that we should have more robust maintenance performance.
Bill Rhodes: So, we’ve now opened 39 megahubs. We’ve stated externally that we want to get to 70 to 90. We are very aggressively pursuing those at this point in time, very pleased with the continued performance of our megahubs, and think that they are a key contributor to commercial. They are also a contributor to retail, but very pleased with that progress.
Bill Rhodes: I think adding a little bit of that too. We also -- and we talked about it in our prepared remarks, our up and down the street business continues to perform very, very well. We did see more challenges with our more national account business as many of which are concentrated in the Northeast and Midwest. So, we’re encouraged by that as well.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, Bret. Great question. I should have clarified that in the prepared remarks. We don’t have good visibility to market share gains and commercial. So, generally, we’re growing commercial at 8% and the market has grown by 4%. We’re pretty confident we’re gaining share. My specific comments about growing share slightly are come up from a few different indications that we have on the DIY side of the business.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I can’t speak for theirs. We have certainly seen SKU-over-SKU year-over-year inflation. And the bigger change isn’t that we’ve seen major inflation, it’s generally that we’ve seen deflation. As you think about it, our parts come into the life cycle and they’re very short run until the costs are more expensive. As the part become -- goes through the bell curve and becomes much more -- much higher volumes, our costs go down. And therefore, we have significant deflation as is shown in our LIFO -- major LIFO reserve that we’ve had forever. In the last 18 months or so, we have seen some inflation. We have been very careful about managing that inflation. And as we said in our prepared remarks, if we had a 25% tariff, we didn’t go out and raise our price 25%. We went out and worked that in, in tranches so that we didn’t shock the customer. Over time, we think we’ve done a pretty good job of rolling those price increases in. We’ve also worked with several of our partners on not pushing the full amount to the customer. There has been some changes in the RMB currency, and we’ve taken advantage of that. So, we’ve been very, I think, judicious about it. We don’t think we saw a big net benefit as costs go up. There is some tampering down of demand. We don’t think we saw a major significant net benefit and therefore we don’t think we’ll see a major significant net deficit.
Bill Rhodes: On the productivity, we’re always working on different productivity initiatives. But, if you’re talking about are we changing the way we go to market in our supply chain by implementing a tremendous amount of new automation or those kind of things, at this point, we’re not. We’re constantly looking at the calculations of where the IRRs make sense. As wage pressure goes up, it changes the economics and we’ll continue to look at it, but we don’t have anything to talk about significantly currently.
Bill Rhodes: It’s a very interesting question. As you would expect, over the last month or so, we have been very-focused on the supply chain aspects of coronavirus. And in the last week or two, more and more focused on what’s happening here in the United States and ultimately, Mexico and Brazil. We see no indications at this point in time of any demand destruction as a result of coronavirus. But just like we said with the supply chain, it’s an incredibly, incredibly fluid situation. I think, the next couple of weeks to a month are going to be critical to see what actually happens. We don’t have good insights into that.
Bill Rhodes: There’s a lot packed into that question. Yes, we haven’t been big on talking about the ramifications of the car park over the last 12 years. We all know that there was a significant divot in new car sales in 2009. And as those cars came into the “sweet spot’, there was a headwind for a while and now it looks like it’s turned into a tailwind. I think it’s on the margin in both instances. What we like to see is steady state new vehicles coming on the road, $16 million, $17 million. The scrappage rate doesn’t appear to change much at all. And therefore, we just have a steady state of new cars. I don’t think there’s anything in the next two or three or four years, that’s going to be radically different than what we’ve seen in the past.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, terrific question. I think what gives us the confidence is that we’ve been here before. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, most of our management team has been here for decades. We’ve seen times of strength; we’ve seen times of softness. We certainly saw softness in the second quarter. As we’re looking at the second half of the year, we have concerns and we also have things that we’re very positive about. On the concern side, I mentioned earlier that the roads, particularly in the Midwest and the Northeast haven’t had the kind of difficult conditions that put stress on brake systems and under car systems. That’s likely to be a bit of a headwind as we go through the second half of the year. That said, unlike some other previous winters, we didn’t see this significant pull forward of demand in those exact categories, which are heavily maintenance categories. So, we’re looking at where we are. We absolutely are disappointed with the second quarter, but we don’t see anything that changed as a result of the second quarter other than those road conditions. And therefore, we’ve made zero changes in our plans for the second half of the year. Again, to us, we are disappointed. We hate a bad quarter. But we’re not managing this business for quarter-to-quarter. We’re managing this business for long terms. And that’s the approach we’re going to continue to take and we’re very optimistic that just like we’ve been very successful over the last decades, we’re going to continue to be successful as we look forward.
Bill Rhodes: Great. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I’d just like to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our business model continues to be solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have an exciting plan that should help us succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress that this is a marathon, not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. Thank you for participating in today’s call. And have a great day.
Bill Giles: Yes. And I would say, we’re probably in the fourth or fifth inning, I would say, on the megahubs and we’ll continue to roll out on the hub strategies as well. And to Bill’s point, we’ve been very pleased with the performance of both, the megahubs and the hubs, but in particular the megahubs both on DIY and on the commercial side of the business. Now, at the same time, that does create a little bit more inventory in the system as we get more inventory out closer to the customer, but we believe long-term that’s the winning strategy.
Bill Giles: I would say, no. I think that if we look back over the quarter and see our performance, some of that impacted by weather certainly geographically as we talked about on the DIY business with similar on the commercial side of the business as well. So, some of those more cold weather geographies underperformed considerably during the quarter. So, we believe fairly confidently that we’ll get back to a more normalized double-digit growth rate as we head into Q3. So, fundamentally, we don’t believe that we see anything different in the business.
Bill Giles: Yes. I think, first of all, I think the organization did a great job of managing the way through a difficult quarter, being able to control SG&A leverage, gross margin and be able to drive EBIT growth of around 2%. And I believe last quarter, we said that we would expect to grow EBIT on a positive basis. And yes, we do expect to get to that low-single-digit, mid-single-digit kind of growth rate on a long-term basis.
Bill Giles: Yes. As Bill said, we’ll have to wait and see to see how the performance is at the end of each of those quarters. Our anticipation is, this is likely more back-end loaded in the second half of the year.
Bill Giles: That one was pretty much the savings within the supply chain and distribution on a year-over-year basis. We are continuing to try to lower our acquisition costs and believe that overall our margin remains relatively healthy. But for this specific quarter, we were able to leverage down supply chain just by lowering some costs during the quarter.
Bill Giles: I think, some of the tariff costs are going to continue to work their way through the average cost of the inventory. And as Bill said, I think, the merchandising organization has done a nice job of being able to feather in the increases to commensurate with the cost increases that we are experiencing. And our expectation is that we will continue to do that. It may be some pressure going forward, but our expectation is that we will be able to manage our way through that.
Bill Giles: Yes. Just to kind of go backwards first, we’re in that process, I think Bill called it out in the prepared remarks that we’ve gone through and made applications for some rebates relative to tariffs and we’ve had some success, but we have more things in the work. So we’ll see how it is. We don’t think it’ll be material, by the way. But we think it will be certainly a help overall. I think on the inflation side of it, as we said, we will probably have inflation of 2-plus-percent on a year-over-year basis from a SKU to SKU basis. But at the same time, it’s very difficult to measure out what the demand impact is as some of the prices have raised a little bit. So, I think that’s where we would say that we haven’t seen a material impact overall from the inflation relative to comp store sales, because it is kind of a blended number with the demand as well.
Bill Giles: Yes. From a CapEx perspective, I think our expectation is around $600 million of CapEx for the year and I believe depreciation is around that $350 million number. I would say overall from a CapEx investment perspective, obviously, first and foremost, we’re investing in our stores, we’re investing in the maintenance of our stores, continue to ensure that they look great. We’re investing in hubs and megahubs along the way. We also have a good -- a sizable investment in technology as well. We continue to invest in technology, both to enhance our existing systems as well as to add new functionality in order to improve our customer experience both on the DIY and the commercial side of the business as well. So, those are the major projects that we kind of continue to work on.
