William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. Before we conclude, I want to take the opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2011. Our organization built on the successes of the last few years and delivered even better results this past year. We are very pleased with these accomplishments, and I'd like to review a few of those accomplishments in recognition of the dedication, passion and commitment of our AutoZoners. We built on the last 2 years strong same-store sales results by growing 6.3% versus last year's 5.4% and fiscal 2009's 4.4%, our best 3-year comp performance since 2000 to 2002. We continue to build our Commercial business, growing sales by 22.3% and our program count by 235 or 10% over the ending count in 2010. And as previously mentioned, we surpassed $1 billion in Commercial sales for the year. We opened a total of 188 stores, including 41 stores in Mexico. We grew EBIT 13% and EPS by 30% on top of 28% last year. This year's EBIT margin of 18.5% represents an all-time high, exceeding last year's 17.9%. Our return on invested capital reached, as Bill said, a record 31.3% at the end of the year. We also generated approximately $1.3 billion in operating cash flow. We repurchased stock, representing over 10% of the current market capitalization for the third year in a row. And lastly, none of this could have been possible without our AutoZoners' continued dedication to providing the industry's best customer service. Their dedication defines who we are, and they are directly responsible for these record-breaking results. Our major objectives for 2012 will sound very familiar. They're great people providing great service, profitably growing our Commercial business, leveraging the Internet and continuing to refine our hub strategy. I should stress our industry has had favorable macro factors these past few years, and this positively contributed to our success. But what helped our performance specifically was our organization being well positioned and prepared to capitalize on these favorable trends. How long will these factors positively influence our performance? We don't know the answer but we do know that we can manage our business effectively and profitably regardless of the economic cycle as evidenced by our string of 20 consecutive double-digit EPS growth quarters. Unfortunately, our past successes are just that: in the past. We cannot rest on our laurels, and you have our commitment that we will not. Finally, before we move to Q&A, I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and the communities we serve. Our approach remains consistent. We are focused on succeeding in the first quarter of 2012, and we are optimistic and excited about our new fiscal year. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Well, if you look at the -- let's start with the NPD information that we have. The whole market is growing on the NPD side and growing fairly robustly. We're just outpacing that market fairly significantly in our performance. I don't think we're "taking" share from them. What I see is the whole market’s growing. We’re just having outpaced growth. And then we don't have good visibility into the piece that's outside of NPD, but my suspicion is that's where we're probably having the most impact.
William C. Rhodes: I think for us, we went back a couple of years ago, really about 3.5 years ago now, and really focused and defined a new strategy. And a big element of that new strategy was, number one, getting the foundational elements of our business right. What does that mean? That means making sure we've got the right parts coverage, making sure that we have the right people with the right set of training and tools capable to deliver excellent customer service. We also supplemented it with our hub stores, which have significantly improved our coverage especially on late-model coverage, and then we've rolled out and developed this really fantastic outside sales force that's continuing to mature. And so it wasn't any trick plays. It was just doing the basics of the business, which is what we've learned in Retail is what works and that's our strength. It's just doing it day in and day out. Core execution can be a point of differentiation.
William C. Rhodes: I'll take the first part, and then Bill Giles will answer the second. When we look at our business as far as new customers, further penetration of retained customers and frankly, lost customers, we're seeing improvements in each one of those metrics and we're seeing them kind of quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. So that's a good indication for us that we're continuing to improve on all fronts.
William C. Rhodes: That's a great question, Alan. And obviously, we've gained, over the course of the year, more and more confidence in our ability to open very productive new Commercial programs. But as you would expect from us, we're going to be methodical about it. We have plans to grow at a rate similar to the way we grew this year, but those plans aren't set in stone. We're going to look at the stores we opened in the fourth quarter, continue to work on them, make sure that they continue to improve and once they do, then we'll go to the next batch. And we're going to continue that all along the way. If for some reason they continue to accelerate, we might accelerate our plans. If for another reason they slow, we'll slow down and we'll go focus on the elements that are making them not be as successful as we want. So our plans in that regard are somewhat fluid, but we certainly see a tremendous opportunity for more programs over time.
William C. Rhodes: I think we opened about 3x the number of programs in 2011 than we had in the previous several years. I think -- and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to look at we were up 22.3% in our Commercial business. So we have a much higher level of comfort in our plans going forward than we did a couple of years ago.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I would say that we're seeing significant improvements in the stores that have been open for 8 or 10 years or programs that have been open for 8 or 10 years. And we're also seeing improvement in the stores that we opened over the last 2 or 3 years, and we're also seeing improvements in the productivity of the stores that we opened this year. So on all fronts, we're seeing improvements. And I think it goes back to what we talked about earlier that we continue to make significant improvements in those foundational elements. And that work’s not finished. We'll continue to refine our offerings. But we've made some pretty significant progress on that front. And I think the customers have seen it, and that's benefited us across the board.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, unfortunately, I can't point to one. I think it's a holistic approach. And it’s the rising tide lifts all boats. They have confidence in the quality of our products. They have confidence in our store AutoZoners being able to deliver. We have much improved coverage so our ability to say yes more frequently now is significantly higher than it was 4 years ago. And then we've got a great sales force that's out there telling our story and is in those shops, reminding them every day that we want to earn their business. And so I think it's a culmination of all those that's really driving our performance.
William C. Rhodes: As we've done on every one of our calls, we don't really want to get into what's happening with the current quarter sales trajectory because we release our earnings and do this conference call so early in the quarter. We're only 3 weeks into our quarter and so I really don't want anybody to try to read anything into short -- very short-term sales trends.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, let me refine that. When we were talking about transaction versus average ticket, we were talking about the DIY business on a standalone basis. So the challenge that we have there is over time, parts are lasting longer. So the number of cycles that you get on a starter or alternator or spark plugs or whatever the case may be is fewer than it used to be. But the cost of those products, because they're improved, they're significantly more expensive. And that's a trend -- we were actually looking at it again yesterday. That's a trend that's been going on since 1995. And we've been able to very effectively manage our way through it. So it's not anything that's alarming to us.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I think it's absolutely normal noise in the monthly numbers. You also -- when you're looking at monthly numbers, it depends on what happened last year as well and there were some -- a lot of very warm days in this year and in the last year. And so if they weren't hitting at the same time, that -- so I wouldn't call anything in there significant. The only thing that we would say was significant is that gas prices were up quite a bit. And that was for the most part over the whole quarter.
William C. Rhodes: No, but I don't think you're necessarily going to see gas prices only affect the discretionary side of the business. I think it's going to affect maintenance more so than anything else.
William C. Rhodes: I think it's too early to tell. The gas price changes were very short at the end of the quarter, and we're not really watching it that close every day. We're just trying to make sure we're doing what's right for the long term of our business.
William C. Rhodes: Well, the way I would address it is number one, we're not doing anything different than we've done for a very long period of time. When we look at our business and our trajectory and what's going on with our cost, we make pricing decisions that are based upon the facts that we have at hand and -- but we're also willing to go out and move our prices up even before the rest of the market moves. Now if they don't move, we're not going to be in a noncompetitive position on price. So we're willing to move first, but if others don't move, then we're going to make sure that our prices are competitive. All right. Well, before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remains very solid. We remain excited about our growth prospects for the upcoming year. We cannot take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan for 2012 and as usual, our team cannot wait to get started. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint as we will continue to focus on the basics and never take our eye off of optimizing long-term shareholder value. We are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. We thank you for participating in today's call. Hope you all have a great day.
William T. Giles: And, Simeon, on the gross margin, when you said that we called out in second quarter, I'm going to assume you meant shrink. And so we have had some good shrink results in Q2, 3 and 4, and we put some things in place in the field level, some initiatives in place that we really believe provide us a better ability to manage shrink going forward. And so there's no guarantee as to what shrink will be on a go-forward basis, but we believe that we have a process in place that is somewhat sustainable. And so although we may not achieve incremental improvements over what we have reported, our objective is to maintain where we are and make some incremental improvements along the way that might be a little bit smaller.
William T. Giles: Yes, we certainly don't believe that there are any structural barriers that would prevent us from improving the productivity of our Commercial program significantly over what they have done already. In fact, we had very good performance in improving the productivity of the existing base stores in addition to the 9% openings that we've had just over the last year or so. And relative to what the percentage is, we haven't targeted a percentage exactly. I mean, one thing for sure is the trade areas of the Commercial programs are broader than the trade area of individual AutoZone stores. So we don't envision ourselves ever getting to 100%, but certainly we believe that we can increase to 59% significantly over the next few years.
William T. Giles: Well, it's relatively quick. I couldn't give you -- I don't -- I'm not going to give you a specific timeframe because again, the model continues to evolve and we're opening a lot of stores, as I said, recently. But think about it this way, it's that the incremental investment on a Commercial program is relatively small. We're utilizing the existing base assets of the store. We're adding a truck or 2 or 3, a few people to support that. There is a little bit of incremental inventory although obviously, on our AP and inventory ratio of over 100% [Technical Difficulty] So overall, the investment is relatively small and so we can -- that's actually what helps drive the ROIC. As we've mentioned before, I mean, the productivity of the overall box is up over 11% over the last couple of years, and a lot of that is the Commercial programs driving it, and we're really excited about what we see in front of us relative to our ability to open more programs, improve the productivity of our existing base programs. And it's a unique model in this industry to be able to have 2 businesses out of one box.
William T. Giles: I think the investment in Commercial will really be able to support the new programs so some of the things that I was articulating in the last question relative to adding some payroll dollars from a Commercial perspective to support the Commercial business in the store, some trucks. There's some operating expenses there but they're not as significant. On the hub stores, what we'd always talked about in the last couple of years was that when we went to multiple deliveries, that increased some of the SG&A cost. And that's why you saw maybe close to 10 basis points of deleverage in SG&A we articulated over the last several quarters. We think that we'll begin the anniversary of that and then that won't be as much of a headwind going forward. You're right. The work that we're going to do on the hubs as far as expanding them and making them larger will be more from a CapEx perspective. So there’ll be CapEx dollars to expand the hubs, we don't see a significant SG&A investment in the hubs going forward relative to where we are today. But some of the investment will be in the Commercial programs expanding new programs, not necessarily the existing programs.
William T. Giles: The most important thing for us is being able to provide the customers the most convenient way for them to conduct business. And many customers prefer to be able to process their orders electronically. So on autozonepro.com, they have the ability to get on and process their orders, and there's no telephone call involved. And the stores get those orders immediately and fulfill them just as if they had answered them over the telephone. So they'll get an order that will print out in the stores and we’ll fulfill those orders out of the Commercial program and deliver them directly to the customer. So it's a seamless operation. And we're somewhat indifferent. We'd love to see the electronic orders continue to improve because we think it's more efficient for both us and our customers. But more importantly, we want to be able to provide the customers with however they want to conduct business the most efficient way possible.
William T. Giles: I think that would be a challenge. We haven't really identified a way. I mean, there's ways for us to improve some of the routes, et cetera, but that's more on line in the hubs. From a Commercial perspective not so much because it's not the hotshot business.
William T. Giles: Sure. Some of that is that you have some retail prices that you raise as you get increased cost. In certain instances, the retail price may come ahead of when the weighted average cost goes through the system. So you wind up with some improvement in margin.
William T. Giles: Depending on the turn of the product. For example, on some of the commodity-based products, they turn a little bit faster, that timeframe would be fairly short.
William T. Giles: Well, everybody is going to get priced somewhat to the same. I mean, it's very difficult to have a competitive advantage on pricing on a sustained basis so everybody will wind up pricing about the same.
William T. Giles: No, they’re short-term liability. We have some that are approaching but nobody's over, what you would consider long term.
William T. Giles: I would say it's also dependent upon what happens in the marketplace as well because obviously, we don't operate in a silos so it depends on how everyone else reacts from a pricing perspective. But yes, overall, I would say is that there might be a little bit of a margin pressure if prices were to come down fairly significantly fairly quickly.
William T. Giles: No, I'd say it's -- we've seen it before. I would say we've seen it before and it's not surprising necessarily when it happens.
William T. Giles: I would classify it as an occasional item. It's incident based. And so we probably had some favorability last year that wasn't overly significant. This year, we had a couple of unfavorable incidents during the quarter that drove up the expense for this quarter. So on a year-over-year compare, it was a little bit more significant.
