Bill Rhodes: Thanks, Bill. We are pleased to report our 30th consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings per share growth. Our company continues to be successful due to our long term focus. That focus on exceptional customer service is part of the AutoZone DNA. We focus on executing at a very high level consistently, which we believe can be a competitive advantage. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of the execution. Success will be achieved with a strong attention to detail. But we also have to evolve and change to adapt to our ever evolving industry. The initiatives we are working around inventory assortment, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, e-commerce and Brazil are all very exciting to us. We feel these efforts will lead to increasing sales for 2014 and beyond. Our industry sales, according to the NPD data made available to us, accelerated this past quarter. We continued to experience share gains on both the retail and commercial fronts. While, this is exciting we cannot be complacent. We are just starting to implement our major initiatives and the best we believe is ahead of us. Our long-term models to go new source new store square footage and a low-single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. As we continue to execute on our financial model, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid single digit range or better in times of strength, and we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares enhancing our earnings per share within to double digits. We build the track we are on will allow us to continue winning from a long run. We believe our study consistent strategy is right. It is the attention to details and consistent executions that will matter over time. Our belief that solid consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. We are investing in the key additions that we will drive our long term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure our sales. We remain committed to deliberate on our strategic and financial objectives. Now I would like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, Alan, and I think the best proxy that we have in recent history was two years ago when we had a very mild winter of 2011-2012. If you recall in April and really on through October of that year, we continue to call the lingering impact in our business and it was really in the maintenance category places like brakes and chassis that didn't get replaced at the same rates that they had in previous years. Now we attribute a lot of that to the lack of snow and ice, lack of snow piles, lack of potholes in the roads. And clearly from an out of the winter that we just had our expectation is that those categories should be robust. Also, those categories specifically that I talked about brakes and chassis and the line, they were challenged Q2. We had great performance in batteries and wipers and antifreeze, but a lot of categories where the customer could defer them they did the defer them, and we expect those deferrals to come back.
Bill Rhodes: I see your guess is as good as mine on that one, Alan. I'm just -- I'm bullish about it, but we're going to see how it plays out.
Bill Rhodes: That's a tough question, Alan. I think I'd rather keep our deliberations to ourselves. I think those could have competitive implications over the long-term and one other industry consolidation.
Bill Rhodes: I appreciate the question. I understand it. I just don't think it will be appropriate for us to comment on it.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. What you've seen to-date is the vast majority of it has been incremental coverage, not incremental quantities. We are, as I mentioned we are testing a lot of different things and then in some respects some of those tests are increasing or decreasing the quantities of the parts that we have based upon the delivery frequency of that store. But what you've seen to-date, the vast majority of it has been incremental coverage. I did want to reiterate it that a lot of it came in right at the end of the quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, certainly as we go farther down the curve -- farther down the bell curve, it is clearly GM ROI dilutive to where we are today. Let's remember we're 32.3% ROIC. But a lot of decisions, opening a new store a lot of times is dilutive to ROIC. We're very comfortable that it's going to provide us with reasonable returns well in ahead of our cost of capital.
Bill Rhodes: Well obviously the disadvantages of significantly changed or significantly with broader distribution network are so costly, it's quite costly. And so we're looking at several different things and we've made no decisions at this point in time on the other initiatives. We've rolled out our improved algorithms for store replacement. But we've not made any decisions about distribution centers, hub stores or the like. We're in the midst of testing all those things. But we're encouraged -- we're encouraged by all the different things we're testing. But what we now have to move is to figure out is which one is the optimal approach. Which one provides the best return at the lowest cost? And I think that's going to take us a couple, two or three more quarters to figure that out.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, Greg this is Bill Rhodes. Number one, one of the initiatives that we're working on or competing against each other where you have a delivery methodology frequency change out of the distribution centers but at the same time we also have a mega hub notion that's doing the same kind of work. So we don't really -- it's hard to say what's going to happen. When I look at it I don't think there would be nearly significant increase in inventory as a result of these initiatives because you would be talking about deploying inventory in fewer number locations either hubs or distribution centers. This is not talking additional inventories in the stores and if you increase the frequency of delivery you're also going to bring the quantities of inventory in the stores down. That could actually be a benefit to inventory but it would require capital and operating expenses to get that benefit.
Bill Rhodes: That's a great question on how the garage knows that, the way that they know is our incredibly talented sales force is out anytime you give a sales person or an operator additional inventory they are going to tell everybody and so that's a big part of our sales message right now. As far as the frequency of deliveries in the standard hub stores, we really haven't changed those in the last two or three years. We did increase them pretty significantly in '09, '10 timeframe but now we are testing something and this is again just in test and that's kind of a mega hub notion, where it's a hub serving additional hubs, so I think that one hub that might be servicing six or seven other hubs. And if they are in the same major metropolitan areas it might be serving that additional hub multiple times a day and then for the long faraway hubs it's only servicing them once a day.
Bill Rhodes: I think increased demand but more importantly increased availability. When the shop finds, you have something that somebody else doesn't that gives you real opportunity and move up that list. Particularly you are doing a great job of service.
Bill Rhodes: We know everything to a 15% after tax IRR. So regardless of what happens to our cost of capital, we're going to hold every investment through a 15% IRR with the exception of a few real estate decisions that we make in strategic markets where we have to hold them, because we hold them to at least 12%.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, we charge the initiative with payable, with the inventory and don't give it the payables benefit although we let some of the inventory come back at the end of the IRR calculation period.
Bill Rhodes: The burden of those costs are real and just because we're able to get the AP coverage on doesn't mean that we don't need to look at that very closely and make sure we are making wise business decisions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. The information that we get today about market share is not at the same level of granularity on a regional basis, we only get regional information on non-application products. So I don't really think it's wise for us to get into those discussions.
Bill Rhodes: Number one, we want to focus on us, not our competition. We believe we have tremendous opportunities for increased business in the Commercial business over time. We don't think it's going to come one week or one quarter or one year, it's going to take us improving our model, continuing to work with our sales force, continuing to deepen our relationship with our customers. I believe that the initiatives that we're working on particularly the inventory availability initiatives will have a big benefit to us going forward. But it's not going to be measured in quarters it's going to be measured in years. As for the inventory that we added, again, I will reiterate that we added right at the end of the quarter, so we didn’t see much of it. As far as the payroll addition and I appreciate you calling that out. We really -- last year the second quarter was really tight and our sales trends weren't very exciting. And so we very aggressively managed our payroll, and in hindsight we felt like we too aggressively managed it. So we didn't -- we weren't that aggressive this time. Now that was a one quarter event. That was not something that we did in Q3 and Q4. It was really a Q2 event that we've now annualized.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We kind of have a standing practice not to talk about the current quarter, but I appreciate you bringing that up. So let me add a little bit more specifics to it. In the last month that we talked about, there were three weeks. The first three weeks of that month where it was snow and ice across much of the Eastern United States including the South. Those three weeks, we had significant pressure on our sales. The final week of the quarter, we had much improved weather and our business was materially better. That also coincided with when the tax refunds started flowing in the marketplace. We had the combinations of improved weather and tax refunds and we saw a material improvement in our business.
Bill Rhodes: We all wait, it cost us 70 bps in the first quarter, it cost us about 1% here. I think it should be -- it's certainly going to be neutral for the balance of the year. There is going to be a slight shift between Q3 and Q4? It's going to depend, just like you picked up on, it wasn't going to be a big event until we had a really strong last week and that infotainment event. I know what the first week of this quarter is going to be, but I don't know what the last week is going to be. So, I think it's anybody's guess.
Bill Rhodes: All right. I'll take the first and I'll give Bill Giles the second one. It's really difficult to quantify the impact of the weather. And again, it has puts and calls, so we can see that our batteries and starters and alternators businesses are up pretty significantly. Conversely brakes and chassis and the like are down. I think it did have a benefit; I would characterize it in the 1% to 2% range. But I also think that we've got this pent-up demand which should help us going forward. We love the extremes. But if you don’t get the extreme weather and those batteries don't fail than it's going to be the next extreme when they do fail. So we got that business and now hopefully we'll get the deferral of the maintenance business as we look forward.
Bill Rhodes: No. We haven't seen any material change in employee turnover. We did see a material reduction when the onset of the recession and we've seen it kick up 1% or 2% over certain quarters, but it has nothing material. As far as the industry dynamics, I think number one it's far too early to see what any ramifications of those changes are. But we are always looking for great people that love the AutoZone culture and if they want to come join a great team we'd love to have them.
Bill Rhodes: It all depends on what the strategy is and what the level of execution on that strategy is. It can happen very quickly. If there is a massive determination, on what the integration plans are or it can take a year. It's all going to depend on the implementation pace.
Bill Rhodes: Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate what separates us from the other players in our industry; our culture is very unique. Being part of the AutoZone family and striving to improve its very unique across the entire retail landscape, it's the passion to continue to build our culture that will carry us to new heights. We are currently working on the variety of exciting new initiatives and tests that we believe will enhance our performance over time. Ultimately, our AutoZoners have delivered, year in and year out, and I'm highly confident that with them leading the charge, our future is incredibly bright. Thank you for participating in today's call.
Bill Giles: Yes, actually unlike a traditional retail new store a lot of it is captured really in the first two to three years. So there is a continued ramp in the maturating post that, but there is a much more accelerated ramp in the first frankly a couple of years and sometimes even shorter than that depending on the market that we get into. And then the other thing with an addition to having a increasingly maturation process of the new commercial programs that's just all the initiatives what we are doing. So we are trying to make every program better every single day and a lot of things that Bill talked about on the inventory availability, we think it will help in that process.
Bill Giles: They do and then but at the same time, we still have, keep in mind 30% of the commercial programs that we have opened today are all less than three-years-old. So they're continuing to ramp and that's driving down a little bit of our productivity when you look at it on an average basis. And the other thing is obviously we're at 74% penetration. And as we continue to ratchet that up, will be some level of cannibalization not significant, but it will be a little bit until we just continue to penetrate the market overall.
Bill Giles: Yes, I would say they're slightly better capitalized. But what we've got a 3% market share or less. We continue to believe there is a lot of Greenfield opportunities and we got to continue to drive our productivity. Also I think the inventory availability and not to hang our hats just on that, we've got a lot of initiatives going on. But I think more inventory in the market place is going to be beneficial for the Commercial programs, both DIY and Commercial, but specifically Commercial as well.
Bill Giles: That's a great question. I think it's a little too early for us to see whether or not both that inventory and as Bill said, still -- some of it's still on the pipeline has an impact on ticket. We would expect it to drive it a little bit overall as we continue to be able to say yes to more profits, more demand but in the future. So might the inventory ratio perspective I think over time that that will likely to put a little bit of pressure on AP to inventory. But I suspect that will be over a couple of year kind of a timeframe, I don't see that in the immediate future necessarily. But it also points to the fact that we've got opportunities and try to reduce some of the unproductive inventory that we have in the chain as we continue to replace this with other additional SKUs and that we're grow inventory grow SKUs and will put a little bit of pressure on inventory churn and put a little bit of pressure on AP to inventory ratio and I suspect that that will be over a couple of years and not something in the immediate future.
Bill Giles: The second quarter for us is always an incredibly volatile of time, it's the most volatile period of time that we have. Number one, you have the holidays in there. Number two, weather patterns can be extremely different one week to the next. Last weekend it was 70 degrees here in Memphis, today the kids, Shelby County's schools are out, because it's ice and snow. So those kind of changes will really change the volatility -- the customer traffic patterns. The other thing that's been different for us, and we talked about is our average ticket, our average ticket for about the last nine months has been, it's still growing, but it's been more muted growth and the big part of that is due to the lack of commodity-based inflation, we had significant commodity-based inflation for a couple of years and that slowed down a little bit. We think that will continue for a reasonable period going forward, we don't see a change.
Bill Giles: I would say that the increase in the inventory during the quarter had some additional supply chain cost et cetera, but there wasn't a benefit per se from the additional purchasing of the inventory that would necessarily bolster gross margin, at least at this stage, it wouldn't happen till the inventory is sold necessarily. So that answers it, Bret.
Bill Giles: I would say that there wasn't a lot of incremental investments on the initiatives. There were some additional costs. I think payroll deleveraged probably less than 10 basis points or so, but to Bill's point earlier, that was really a function of us kind of keeping more consistent with our payroll model where last year we probably got off of that a little bit and we really made some cuts that in retrospect we didn't want to repeat as we went through Q2. In Q1, we mentioned that there was going to be some timing related to advertising where we pushed some advertising from Q2, or Q1 into Q2, and that was worth probably a little over 20 basis points. So that's kind of the majority of that 42 basis points.
Bill Giles: I would just say. I have nothing to really read on the stock repurchases. We'll try to be relatively consistent year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter so I wouldn't read too much into that.
