Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. Before I conclude I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2018. The year certainly was an improvement from 2017, but also didn’t completely meet our expectations. However, our team continued to deliver some very impressive accomplishments and milestones. In recognition of the dedication, passion, innovation, and commitment of our AutoZoners, I want to highlight that first our sales grew to a record $11.2 billion this past year. We grew same-store sales at 1.8%. We opened 150 domestic new stores and now have over 5,600 locations across the United States. We opened 40 stores in Mexico, a tremendous accomplishment by that talented team. We are starting to ramp up our Brazilian operations as we expanded to 20 stores in and around Sao Paulo. Our supply chain after some significant changes is only getting stronger and is poised to leverage those improvements. Between the distribution centers and mega hub locations we are beginning to see real sales traction of being able to say yes more than ever before. We expanded our highly successful mega hub strategy opening eight new mega hubs this year ending with 24. And our team has done a wonderful job of introducing new out-of-the-box ideas like our market leading next day delivery option up to 10:00 PM. Most importantly, our customers are visiting our website at accelerated rates and using that research to inform their in-store visits. And lastly we sold two businesses in AutoAnything and IMC to focus our resources on our core business, but we will continue to challenge ourselves our decisions, processes and strategies, we will always invest to reinforce our guiding principles, leveraging our methodologies of evolution over revolution and superior execution with consistent strategy is a formula for success. We have an exceptional team that executes extremely well. Our focus remains on being successful over the long run. That success will be attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at a high level we must consistently adhere to living the pledge, we cannot and will not take our eye off of execution, but we must continually challenge ourselves to think differently and move more swiftly once conclusions are reached. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments and we continue to be excited about our industry’s growth prospects for 2019 and beyond. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end delivering strong EPS growth and RIOC each quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 39 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now we would like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It’s a terrific question, but I knew you didn’t come through that first, but I think I understand it, if I didn’t get it or don’t address it please clarify it for me. I think you got to look at two different things. First and foremost we made a strategic decisions on discontinuing the e-commerce promotions that didn’t have anything to do with execution or transition that was a strategic decision that we made and that cost us about 40 basis point of comp. We want to make that clear, we turned them back on. We will see where we go from here. We did not want to be in a competitive disadvantage position. On the transitions we just in hindsight I think we would look back on and say we took on a disproportion amount and too much in the second half of the year. We always have vendor transitions going on and we always have distribution changes going on and hub stores and mega hubs opening we just had a little too much. And frankly several of these didn’t go as planned. And they were challenging during the implementation. As we get finished with the implementation we are very excited we will be in a better competitive position and in most cases we already are. But it hurts a little bit in that six months period of time.
Bill Rhodes: I think I have to let you answer the latter portion of that. I will tell you that we have a world class logistics organization that we are working with. We have been working with – on this for some time. And we are really excited to be in a position to have this differentiated offering out there. How long will it be differentiated, I think that’s yet to be determined, certainly we don’t know, but we are taking advantage of it. I am amazed that our organization from the time we had our first conversation about doing this. We were up and running in a store in six months, that is remarkable and a great sign of the innovation that our team can drive. And now here we are a year later than that and we have it in 83 markets and 80% of the United States population can order as late as 10 PM and get a product on their doorstep tomorrow. I think it just shows Matt that innovation doesn’t only rest on the West Coast, but there is a lot of people that are doing a lot of different innovations and leveraging technologies to improve customer service.
Bill Rhodes: I think as you know Michael we don’t give guidance, so we don’t leave that you to guys, the experts. We are trying to tell you what we think is going on in the industry. I think Bill was very clear that in the first quarter we have something that we have to lap as pretty significant and that was the hurricanes last year. Unfortunately, we got a large part of Carolinas that are going through that issue right now as well and we are certainly sympathetic towards all the people that are dealing with that. And I congratulate our team out there for doing a remarkable job, taking care of our business and our customers more importantly. But as far as whether or not we are not going up or down from here, think there is a lot of moving pieces and we are not in the projection business.
Bill Rhodes: Tell me what the tariffs are going to be, are they going to be 10% or 25%. They are 25% or if things stay for a long period of time that’s going to drive some significant inflation in our industry. And I will tell you over the long periods of time marginal inflation in our business is good. And by the way, we are seeing inflation at accelerated rates in wages. So, we are not scared of marginal inflation, what we don’t want to see is shocks that shock the consumer.
Bill Rhodes: Not materially. The categories that were impacted back in July with the tariffs, certainly those categories have seen inflation. On a broader level, we are not seeing it, but you are seeing it in various parts of the economy. So, fuel prices are up. Wages are up. So we are later in the economic cycle and by the way things that normally happen later in the economic cycle seem to be showing up.
Bill Rhodes: I think it’s we have been out there for 5 to 6 months by ourselves. It’s not lost on us that our competitive sales position that we are not growing share at the robust rate that we were for about 8 to 10 months before that decline and we want to make sure and prove to ourselves if it was only the 40 basis points of what was happening with online promotions, I don’t think we would have changed it, but we have got to make sure that it’s not changing the value perception of our consumer as they are beginning the shopping experience. The vast majority of our customers begin their shopping journey whether they buy in-store or online. And so if that was changing the value perception, we have got to make sure that that’s not the case.
Bill Rhodes: I would say in the call, number one, we said both retail and commercial were positive every period throughout the quarter or every month throughout the quarter. We gave clarity that commercial grew at 8.8% and we got that growth from new customers as well as existing customers and that’s accelerated from 7.3% last quarter. We are quite pleased the productivity on per program basis was the highest we have seen in some time, the growth in productivity.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I mean first of all it’s one thing within, there were six or seven of these kinds eventually all happened in different times. But they really culminated over the course of the fourth quarter, had a little bit of the impact in the third quarter, most of the impact in the fourth quarter. We still have a little bit going on now as we are finishing some of those transitions, but for the most part that’s behind us.
Bill Rhodes: Michael they definitely favorably impacted them slightly. But keep in mind these are relatively low volume in general, so not enough to really move the needle per se.
Bill Rhodes: Michael, we really can’t because it happened in different categories, different weeks, it’s just very, very difficult. We think it certainly had an impact, a negative impact on us in the quarter. We also think it’s pretty much behind us at this point in time, but calling out a specific, it’s very easy on the online promotions we can put back behind that one, this one is more difficult.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I have no idea if they are going to perfectly offset, but you are absolutely right, we have some things in the quarter that we believe that we are going to execute better on going forward. We’ve made a change in the promotional activity online and we think that’ll be a benefit. Obviously, we have some headwinds from Q1 last year and then TBD on what the impacts of the current year hurricanes will be.
Bill Rhodes: So, on the first part on whether or not we will charge for it, we don’t know the answer to that yet. We have charged for it in the past, a marginal amount, $1.99 and free next day delivery. Right now, it’s on there at zero. Right now, we have promotions out there on certain amounts. We were going to work on modifying those over time to find the right sweet spot for our customer and for our business. As for where it’s being sourced, it’s being sourced from the local markets. That’s the only way that you can get it there for the next day. So it’s coming out of those hubs and mega hubs, which is really a great opportunity for us to activate that inventory even better. If you think about it, 3 or 4 years ago we didn’t have any mega hubs. Today, we have got 24, if I might add 10 more next year and that really gives us, it puts us in a very different competitive position going forward.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. For the latter part of that question, we have not seen August market share data completely yet, although I wouldn’t expect to see it in August. I think we are really improving, I think one of the questions we got earlier was did your market share change from May to June and July. The answer is no. And I want to make this real clear. We continued to gain market share all throughout this, but we had more robust market share gains for 8 to 10 months before the safe February time period. What happened in February? We changed our cadence on online promotions. That clearly impacted us 40 basis points. Did this customer value perception change and did that slow us down too, maybe, maybe not. That’s what we are testing to learn today. And then that’s also when we started hitting these vendor transitions. Our competitors are always great competitors, whether or not they improve themselves or not, I don’t know the answer to that, but I know that we weren’t at our finest during that period of time. And I know we are in the process of correcting that.
Bill Rhodes: No, I think the underlying trends in the commercial business are better. The vast majority of the vendor transitions would have impacted commercial just as much as they impacted DIY if not more, because it’s more of a hard parts business and several of these were major hard part changeovers, which are very complex and very challenging and they just didn’t go flawlessly.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I wish I knew the answer to the last question. We can do it tomorrow if we knew what it would take. I think yes, we did a commercial study, a strategic review of our commercial business and we concluded it about a year ago. It came with some new concepts and we are trying some of those new concepts. And we don’t know if they are going to work yet or not. We are very complicated and we are doing great things and I am proud of our team. But that’s not what’s driving our business today, what’s driving our business today is our inventory assortment changes that we have made over the last 3 years with hubs and mega hubs and improved assortments in the satellite stores. We have also got our store management teams both the district managers and the store managers much more involved in the commercial business so that they are not thinking about DIY first and commercial second that they are coming to work every day thinking, I am the store manager of both the retail and the commercial business. And I think those things are just the blocking and tackling of what’s making the improvements in our commercial business today. I certainly hope to return to 10%. I am very encouraged by going from 7.3% to 8.8%. I am also encouraged by some of the strategic changes that we are looking at but it’s way too early for us to talk about any of those.
Bill Rhodes: I think you can see that we are using a world class logistic operator in FedEx if you look at our website and they have done a wonderful job of helping us innovate on this front-end.
Bill Rhodes: I don’t think there is any silver bullets that are out there. I think this is a normal part of the evolution of leveraging new technologies and new innovations. As we said in the call, this is a very small part of our business and we anticipate it remaining relatively small. It’s growing fast right now and we are going to accelerate it as best we can, but at the end of the day, we believe the omni-channel experience is the most important. We believe coming into our stores and engaging with our incredibly knowledgeable AutoZoners and having them help our DIY customers figure out how to maintain or repair their vehicles, is the most important part. This is just another avenue for us to meet those customers where, when, and how it’s most convenient for them. So, I wouldn’t overdo it, but it is a great new innovation.
Bill Rhodes: Alright. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I’d like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very, very successful. We thank you for participating in today’s call. Have a great day.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think that to be honest with you I am just going to come back to the SG&A growth, I think that we had articulated that a couple of quarters ago and it seems as though the Street has digested that in the numbers that that they have got out there today and so no change from that perspective. And I think you guys have to figure out what you believe comp is going to be etcetera and go from there, but I would say that to reiterate some of the things Bill had talked about before is that we do expect to make some of those investments. Some of those are going to be in wage rates and some investment in technology and that will ramp during the year. And a big chunk of that was the wage rates and that will come in play towards the middle to end of Q1 and then in full force in Q2. So think about it that way as you are ramping your SG&A.
Bill Giles: That’s a good question. I think that basically you are right, we had about a 70 basis point impact this quarter I think it was about 40 basis points, last quarter with just kind of a transition in third quarter. We had 40 basis points. So when you go forward on Q1 and Q2 you would probably have something similar to what you had in Q4 and maybe little bit less. But you are right we did have some headwinds on supply chain specifically diesel fuel, so I suspect that that will continue to be a headwind for the next quarter or so. We continue to make benefits from sourcing, merchandise and organization continues to do a good job of lowering acquisition costs, etcetera. But I think that will probably be a little muted versus what it had been particularly given some of the tariffs that might be coming on place etcetera. So that’s on how I think about it going forward, I think up 70 basis points or so of benefit by not having the two business units and then some headwinds in the supply chain.
Bill Giles: We didn’t necessarily quantify the impact from inflation. We think inflation – there is a little bit of inflation in certain categories, but it hasn’t been significant. Obviously, marginal inflation as Bill talked is helpful for the industry and for us specifically, but we have seen moderate inflation.
Bill Giles: Well, we think it’s manageable. I mean, one of the things in this industry is that we are very slow churn inventory business. So, whatever tariffs do arrive, we will have an opportunity to see what the impact is going to be on each of the categories, etcetera. And historically, the industry has been very successful in being able to pass those cost on to consumers. So, that’s how we see it playing out.
Bill Giles: Historically, we haven’t seen that necessarily. The elasticity is not as great as you might imagine on many of the parts. Also consider that a big chunk of our business is failure related parts. So, those are required parts to operate your vehicle. But, I would say historically, when you look back over time, the elasticity, even on maintenance side and even to some extent discretionary is not as great as you would think.
