William C. Rhodes: Thank you Bill. We are pleased to report a solid fourth quarter and fiscal year. At 3% same store sales our fiscal 2019 was our best comping year since 2015. For the New Year we must continue to focus on executing at a high level which we believe can and has been a competitive advantage. To execute at a high level we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate we must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution.  For 2020 we have a lot of deliverables from our IT initiatives and we will remain focused on simplifying our store AutoZoners workloads, to reduce clutter and unnecessary tests that get in the way of making the customer experience better for both the Do It Yourself customer and the professional customer. We believe our industry's fundamentals will remain strong as miles driven are expected to increase over the remainder of the year and while there's been many forecast otherwise the vehicle part has continued to age and the internal combustion engine remains the dominant vehicle of choice. Before I conclude the call I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2019. We were able to build on past accomplishments and deliver some impressive results. In recognition of the dedication, passion, and commitment of our AutoZoners I want to highlight what they as one very strong team delivered in 2019. Both retail and commercial experienced positive same store sales in every quarter. Our total sales grew by 5.7% on a 52 week basis and set an all time sales record at 11.9 billion. Our commercial sales aggressively accelerated from 7.3% growth last year to 13.4% this year on a 52 week basis with growth in mature customer sales and productivity per program, the highest in our history. We made significant and meaningful investments in our tenured store hourly AutoZoners and it has improved our performance. Research confirms impressively that "more technicians choose Duralast parts" and we continue to leverage the power of the Duralast brand expanding into new categories or product types. On the back of a stellar performance of our mega hubs we expanded our vision of the future more than doubling the ultimate plans to 70 to 90 mega hubs. We opened our 600th store in Mexico and we opened 15 new locations in Brazil off of a base at the beginning of the year of only 20. We continued to accelerate our investments in technology, leveraging technological enhancements in every facet of our business. Leveraging our very strong and predictable cash flow we repurchased a record $2 billion in AutoZone stock in fiscal 2019. Since inception in 1998 we have now repurchased a cumulative 21.4 billion and we have reduced our share count from a 152.1 million to 24 million. Most importantly our team has continued to live our pledge and leverage our unique and powerful culture to deliver exceptional service to our customers who rewarded us with incremental business.  I'd like to take this opportunity to again recognize and thank our team of talented, dedicated, passionate AutoZoners for what they do each and every day for our customers which expands opportunities for AutoZoners, allows us to support the communities we serve, and ultimately rewards our shareholders. We're excited about our balanced model for growth around domestic retail and commercial, international, online, and pick up in-store. We believe our hubs and mega hubs, Mexico, Brazil, ALLDATA and digital can all grow their top line this upcoming year. To execute at a high level we must adhere to living the pledge, we cannot and we will not take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and thoughtful execution. Service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will be long into the future. Now we would like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, fantastic question, thank you. A couple of things; one, weather effects are always more exaggerated in the retail business at least for us at this stage in our development than they are in the commercial business. So commercial will see weather implications, but not nearly to the same extent that retail will see them. So, the ones that we were talking about specifically were more retail oriented. Part of what happened was we had a very late spring, and so May was particularly soft and then June was soft too not on a comp store basis because we had a really strong June the year before. We think July and August were much more normalized, and we hope that they are indicative of what we're going to experience in the first quarter. But we don't know what's going to happen with weather or other effects, but we feel very good about our performance in Q4. 
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, terrific question. First of all we were very excited about the growth that we had in the commercial business across all different customer segments. I did say in our prepared remarks that the up and down the street customer which are those small mom and pops grew at a faster rate than the rest of the commercial business. And we want to make that point clear to make sure you know that this is a widespread growth. Our growth in mature customer sales I also said was at an all time high level. So we were very excited about how it came across different markets, different customer segments just across the board which tells us that all the different things that we're working on from getting our store managers and district managers more engaged to the hub initiatives that we've had, to the inventory initiatives that they're all working in tandem which is exactly what we were hopeful of.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah thanks, another great question Michael. If you look at it over time we had a remarkable streak I believe of 41 straight quarters where we grew at double-digit EPS growth. A lot of things have changed since that point in time while lot of things haven’t changed. We still want to grow our EBIT in the low to mid single digits and with our share repurchase program we hope to push our growth close to if not over 10%. But I don't think we'll have another streak like we had, we had 41 straight quarters. But that's within the reasons of the model. As we grow commercial we will have without a doubt pressure on our gross margins and pressure on our EBIT margins and we are not focused on what is the overall operating model -- margin for the company, we're focused on what are we going to do to grow operating profit dollars at a reasonable growth rate and get very good returns on the capital that we deployed to get that growth rate.
William C. Rhodes: I would say that the changes are really the acceleration of our commercial business and so as we've seen that grow from a mid single-digit to high single-digits to low double-digit that's a significant component of the change certainly that we've seen in the past and that's what we expect in the future. So, from that perspective and back to your margin question is that that continues to put a little bit of pressure on margin but we're all about taking market share and growing the business and growing dollars. And so that's really where our primary focus is and so far we've executed on that on both fronts but particularly in commercial.
William C. Rhodes: I will start with the second part of it. The weather effects in our business are generally very muted in the fall. There's not a lot of rainfall that happens in the fall generally. The temperatures are maybe warmer than last year but they're not extreme temperatures that would put excess stress on our vehicle parts. So I don't think if we called out weather as a major initiative outside of hurricanes in the past. So if we get a hurricane like we did in Houston or in South Florida then that can be a bigger issue. And what was the first part of your question Chris. 
William C. Rhodes: I don't think it had a big effect on our commercial business. As we went into and you were asking is there something coming headwind or tailwind, as we went into the fourth quarter the real question for us was how could we lap the accelerated growth that we had last year in Q4. That's really when our growth started to begin to grow or build and we will have the same impact in Q1, Q2, and Q3 where we will be up against stronger and stronger comps. But our momentum has been pretty consistent.
William C. Rhodes: I'll go back to one thing that I said earlier in the call and that is that the effects of weather in the commercial business are very small in comparison to the retail business. So I don't want you to think that May and June were very soft because they weren't in the commercial business, they were softer in the retail business but the commercial business has been strong every period of 2019. And what's in front of us we don't know. We don't give guidance but we feel very good about the level of execution that we have, we feel very good about the initiatives that we have in place. So far they worked really well.
William C. Rhodes: Thank you Scot. We believe that our store managers and our district managers are much more involved in the commercial business today than ever before. We started with our store managers beginning to make sales calls in the fourth quarter of last year and they're out making sales calls. But the real thing that they're doing is they're learning from the customer what's important to them and they're learning how we are executing it. When they get back to the store with their teams they can do what they do like nobody else. They can enhance our service for our customers. Before because they didn't have a direct connection to those commercial customers they really didn't know where our service advantages were and they didn't know where our service shortcomings were coming from. Now they have direct line of sight to that. I think we had a significant benefit out of that last year. I think we will continue to benefit from that for the next few years as some of them got very quickly -- got up to speed very quickly, others not so quickly. And they're all in different places on their understanding of the commercial business and their comfort with the commercial business. 
William C. Rhodes: I would think so. It is the first time we've done it so we don't have empirical evidence that said that it has a three tail on it. But as I'm out in the stores and I'm talking to the commercial or to the store managers their level of knowledge is vastly different than it was 18 months ago. And that's what gets me excited.
William C. Rhodes: Before we conclude the call I want to take a moment and call out that we are hosting our National Sales Meeting here in Memphis this week. This week we will be recognizing our company's very best performers and announce our new operating theme for the year. We will celebrate this past year's successes and focus on where we didn't meet our objectives. This week is for our field AutoZoners and we enthusiastically welcome them to our hometown of Memphis, Tennessee. As our business model continues to be solid and we're excited about the New Year we don't take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We will continue to execute on our game plan but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we're confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. Thank you all very much for your interest in our company and for participating on today's call. Have a great day.
William T. Giles: Yes, so far, I would say that we're seeing a good response from the consumers, and I think that the merchandising organization is doing a great job of kind of measuring these increases in as they roll through our weighted average cost. And so, it's still early days, and so I would say that we haven't seen a significant impact from a sales perspective or from a margin perspective necessarily from the tariffs, but we'll continue to monitor and continue to manage it that way going forward. 
William T. Giles: Well, that's a good question. Let me try to unpack that a little bit. We always believe that we have opportunity to improve our gross margin. We're always looking for opportunities to improve sourcing so that we can lower our cost. And then as Bill mentioned before, we recognize that the Duralast brand is an incredibly strong brand and there are further opportunities for us to continue to roll that across other categories as we continue to evolve that brand. Secondly, I would say that I'm thinking more on a shorter-term basis and not trying to extrapolate out the entire year, but as we continue to accelerate our commercial business at a double-digit rate, that's going to continue to apply pressure on gross margin. So that's kind of the way we're thinking about it, and the impact this quarter was around 20 basis points or so. So, we're all about growing the business, we're all about gross margin dollars and EBIT growth, and that's our primary focus, and we'll let the margin -- we will continue to manage the margin hard and we'll continue to look for opportunities to reduce cost. But as our commercial business grows, that will continue to put a little pressure on our absolute gross margin rate.
William T. Giles: I would say that the investments that we've made have been very specific and very targeted. So, our investments to this point have been on wage adjustments that we believe were appropriate and we believe we're getting benefit from those wage adjustments. As we move forward, we recognize that we will continue to have some wage pressure mostly from regulatory activity that is taking place across the country. So, we recognize that wages will continue to be a little bit of a pressure point, maybe not as high as it was when we proactively invested in wages. And then technology and that's a smaller component, but it's still an investment. And so, those are the specific areas and we will continue to invest in technology, and as Bill mentioned in our prepared remarks, last year was probably one of the highest years we've spent on technology, and we expect to continue to invest even more in technology as we move forward. So those are the two areas, and yes, you're right, we will play in the environment that we are in and sales have been strong and we've been able to manage our way through that and continue to generate earnings results.
William T. Giles: Yeah, I would say that the 7.5% is the right number to think about and give you more update as we move along through the year. But certainly for the next quarter that's the way I would be thinking about it. Relative to what we did last year and how we're thinking about it moving forward and as I said I think we'll continue to invest in wages much of it will be in response to regulatory pressures. And then we will continue to escalate some of our technology investments and they will occur both on the commercial side of the business and the retail side of the business. We have made some good investments on commercial in order to be able to be an easier place to do business with through our commercial customers and provide better service there. And we recognize that there are opportunities on the retail side as well to improve customer service through technology. And then obviously like any mature company we're also changing our legacy systems as we move along and we've had a big effort on that over the last couple of years.
William T. Giles: Yeah, it is hard to tell a little bit on the inflation part of it. I mean there's absolutely a component of inflation that’s baked into our comp store sales improvement whether or not that inflation resulted any pressure points from a demand perspective, it's hard to tell. So it's kind of two dimensional there. But look I would say that there is definitely a component of the same store sales that is somewhat driven by inflation but overall it was a healthy growth overall. And keep in mind also that our inventory return is a 1.3 so the costs are coming through at a relatively slow rate. And so we're increasing our retails as we're seeing that cost go through. So, it is a double edged sword. We wish inventory return was faster but in this particular case it's been a little bit of a benefit for us. So we've been able to kind of measurably improve our retail prices in order to offset those costs as we move along and we will continue to do that going forward. So it won't be as lumpy as increasing our retail prices all at once.
William T. Giles: You know Bret to give you an honest answer I don't know the answer to that as far as I don't think it's significant necessarily. It certainly hasn't been something that we've talked about a lot. We have spent a lot of time here so I don't think it's a material number to us. 
William T. Giles: As we've talked about this in the last several quarters maybe year or so I think at some point in time we're trying to maintain that number at around that level. And so as we make investments in inventory and you heard Bill talk about it on hubs and mega hubs that we continue to open and that really helps drive a little bit of our overall inventory balance. But it does get inventory closer to the customer and it benefits both the retail and the commercial side of the business. So that's what puts pressure a little bit on the inventory and you've seen our inventory return go down slightly over time from 1.5, 1.4, 1.3 [ph]. And so our goal is really to kind of maintain that accounts payable to inventory balance at around that level. And we'll be able to -- may be able to improve it slightly but our objective is really to maintain it around that level.
