William C. Rhodes: Thanks, Bill. Before we conclude the call, I want to reiterate our team's commitment to our culture and our customers. Although our industry's performance continues to be strong, we believe our efforts have contributed significantly to our success, as evidenced by our sales and market share growth in both retail and Commercial. We remain committed to continuing to improve our business model and our operations, continual steady refinement. We believe our business model is healthy, and we have material opportunities for further improvements from this point. For the remainder of fiscal 2012, we will continue to focus on our key priorities: one, Great People Providing Great Service!; two, profitably grow Commercial; three, leverage the Internet; four, our hub strategy.  The financial results for the first half of fiscal 2012 have again been strong. On the first quarter earnings conference call, we cautioned listeners on the uncertainties of the second quarter, the winter weather and the effects the Christmas selling season would have on our customer's wallets. But with our AutoZoners' continued intense focus on providing great service and trustworthy advice, we were able to deliver these impressive results. I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and communities. Our approach remains consistent. We're focused on succeeding in the third quarter of 2012, and we are optimistic and excited about the remainder of the year.  Before we move to the question-and-answer period, I'd like to take this opportunity to recognize and say goodbye to one of our great leaders. Next month, Tim Briggs, Senior Vice President of Human Resources, will be retiring after 10 great years of service to AutoZone. During his tenure, he has provided great stewardship over our human resources function and has been a key contributor to leading the overall organization. He will certainly be missed but he has built a strong team, and his team will continue to provide great service to our organization in his absence. We wish Tim and his family all the best in their future endeavors.  Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Certainly, there are times when -- as the Commercial business in a particular location gains scale, the integration of the 1TEAM approach is generally less important. It's typically when it's at lower volumes and you have fewer people, particularly on the Commercial business, you need to leverage the DIY staffing to help manage through spikes in the business. So over time, as the average per-store sales increase, it is less and less important. But remember, we have a wide variety of volumes on our Commercial business per store.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I mean, it's a pretty wide range. And frankly, we haven't really gotten into that in the past. And I don't necessarily know that it's hurting it right now. What I can tell you is we have some stores that are doing really, really significant volume, and we have some stores that do very little volume. And we're working to move them all up the spectrum.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I mean, we've had some challenges, frankly, for the last 2 or 3 years on our discretionary categories, and this is the first time we've really seen some accelerated lift as compared to the rest of our business. But really, the one that really jumped out was the maintenance category, and I think that, that was due to weather. I think the discretionary categories, in some respect, came along. That's not to deemphasize the great work that our team is doing in discretionary categories. But I think as we got more footsteps in the stores, some of the discretionary purchases came along with those maintenance purchases.
William C. Rhodes: I'll start with the first part of your question. We really don't get into where we want to be at the end of the year. I would tell you if we told you at the beginning of the year where we'd be at the halfway point, we are significantly ahead of that. We have a methodology here that's kind of termed 2 things. One is pay-as-you-go and another one is underpromise and overdeliver. So we set our sights low and as the business continues to perform, we try to accelerate it. So at this point in time, we're very pleased with the progress that we've made so far this year. Our performance continues to be good. So in the short term, we will continue to accelerate our openings. But where we're going to end at end of the year, I think, is somewhat better to know how the business performs. Secondly, your question was on regional variations of customers? Help me with that a little bit.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, it's very evenly distributed. There are some areas, certain regions of the country where we aren't as penetrated as great, and they will get a little bit of an upside. But that's really just been our posture in those local markets on how aggressive we've been to open programs historically. As we continue to perform very well, everybody's getting a higher level of confidence in our ability, and so we're being more aggressive in some of the markets where we were pretty conservative before. But I think it's not based upon geography, I think it's mainly based upon our posture in that local area.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think clearly that that's been one of our concerns. As the warm weather hit in December and we saw some of our maintenance-related categories performing very well, I will tell you we were quite concerned that it was a significant pull-forward. I will tell you that as we've gotten further into the season, where we typically see the reason -- the seasonal ramp-up, that has become less of a concern than it was several months ago. The second part of your question regarding gas prices, clearly we have mentioned it many times in the past as we see significant increases in gas prices, that creates a headwind for our business. So we're clearly mindful of where gas prices are and where they're headed, and we're managing and are projecting our business accordingly. But who knows where they're going to go? What I know is we will focus very much on how do we help our customers manage through a high gas price environment, how do we market to them, how do we help sell them the parts and products that will increase their fuel efficiency. And this isn't the first time we've been through it. We've managed it very well in the past, but it clearly would be a significant headwind.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I wouldn't say it was back end-loaded. Actually, if you look at the trajectory of the business during the quarter, the middle part was really where the strength of the quarter came. But if you take a step back and look at it more holistically, if you look at it on a 2-year basis, it was really very consistent. So I think it's more to do with year-over-year comparisons during the quarter than anything timing-wise otherwise.
William C. Rhodes: Well, it's just clearly as they mature, yes we see them narrow, and frankly, we see them increase. We've seen nice growth in our average weekly sales on the Commercial program, but we continue to open new programs. But those newer programs put pressure on the average weekly sales, albeit we're very pleased with their progress. They're coming out at higher levels than they used to and they're maturing faster, so we continue to be pleased with the progress. But with only 62% of our stores in the Commercial program, we'll continue to open programs for an extended period of time. That will pressure our average weekly sales and as Bill mentioned, it will also pressure our operating margins because as you open those stores, they're an EBIT drag for a period of time.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, it was a headwind this quarter. But Greg -- and I've tried to be very clear on this point. It's been that way as long as I've been in this business. We've seen significant or minor degradation in transaction counts year over year over year, except during recessionary cycles, as long as I've been in this business. But you also have to understand that that's structural in a lot of cases because new parts technology make parts and products perform better and last longer. But at the same time, all the technology that goes into make them perform better costs more. So there's a natural headwind on average ticket -- or excuse me, a natural benefit on average ticket and a natural headwind on same-store transaction count.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Chris, you've got to remember first that when things got really bad, our business did not get bad. So I don't think that we're a good barometer of how the consumer feels good or bad. I don't think we've seen anything material in our trends that would make us think that the consumers' mindset has changed one way or another. But it could be happening very much in other sectors of retail, and we're just somewhat immune to those.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I would say we haven't seen any material competitive changes across all geographies. I mean in certain geographies, you'll see somebody do something different. But generally, it's been consistent. Unfortunately, we have a lot of great competitors out there, and they're tough every day out in the street. But our Commercial team has really continued to execute on -- at a very high level, and it's showing up in our growth in share and sales.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I think it's maturation of our Commercial business. We kind of changed our Commercial strategy about 4.5 years ago, and we've been very methodical with it. But we're a bit behind the development of other players in our sector, behind some of them by 50, 60, 70 years, but -- and others more on a comparable basis. But we don't see anything in the Commercial business that makes us think long-term that we should perform any worse than the rest of the marketplace.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. We continue -- we kind of quit giving the specific numbers for competitive reasons. But it continues to grow year-over-year, and it's grown quite substantially since then. We continue to be very pleased not only with the number of salespeople out there, but really the maturation of that sales force. We've done a lot of training for that sales force. We've provided them with some technology that makes them more effective. And frankly, over time, they continue to get more confidence in our program, and they've been a key contributor to our success.
William C. Rhodes: I think if you look at our history, the strength of AutoZone's business has been our culture, which folds into great customer service and also our ability to have the right parts and the right products. We've got good, strong brands. We leverage technology to make us a more efficient player. So I think those are the kinds of things, just same things that made us special in retail relate themselves very well to the Commercial business.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I guess, the other thing on gross margin, we did have some fairly significant pressure in the quarter based upon the mix of products that we sold. And that was generally driven by the weather-related categories.
William C. Rhodes: Frankly, we saw the weather pattern changes pretty significant across every part of the United States. I mean, the South had significantly warmer weather, the West was warmer. So no, we haven't tried to go tease it out of those individual markets, but we saw it pretty much across-the-board.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I think that's our supposition at this point in time. We'll learn more as we go forward. But we saw a big change in the growth rates of maintenance-related products, which are really the kinds of things that our customers would do in more favorable weather patterns. So our supposition at this point in time was the discretionary kind of came along with that much more so than there's been a change in consumer mindset.
William C. Rhodes: Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remains very solid. We remain excited about our growth prospects for the year. We cannot take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan for the remainder of 2012, and our team is positioned to succeed. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we will continue to focus on the basics and never take our eye off of optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. We want to thank you for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
William T. Giles: It's a good question. We have been successful at leveraging labor. At the same time, for the new programs that we're opening in Commercial, obviously, there's an investment that takes place on that. And we certainly have opened more stores in the front half of this year than we have in the front half of last year. And we feel, as Bill mentioned, good about the progress that we're making in Commercial, so we expect to continue to make those investments. But on our baseline business, we continue to leverage from a labor perspective.
William T. Giles: Some labor leverage on our core base business. And what I was mentioning was that on some of the newer programs, you'll see a little bit higher labor. And so as we continue to ramp those up, there will be a little bit of deleverage just on those programs.
William T. Giles: I think it's probably hopefully a little bit at the high end on that. So I mean, I think that we have opportunities for just to continue to manage it. The key for us is to be able to try to control the expenses that don't really do a lot from a customer service perspective. So things like risk management, et cetera, we've got to be able to do a better job of lowering those expenses. Conversely, we've done a great job from a shrink perspective in being able to add margin improvement on that. Further on to SG&A, as you mentioned, we continue to feel good about the Commercial programs. We've opened close to 200 of those programs in the first half of this year, that's on pace. We've opened just over 200 programs through the full year last year. So we'll continue to make investments in Commercial, particularly given the results that we have seen. And as you mentioned, to a very lesser extent, things like ALLDATA Europe, Brazil, et cetera, those are investments that, albeit that we will continue to be internally aggressive about, they will not be material to the financial statements overall. So our investments are mostly focused on hub stores and Commercial. Those are the places you'll see us.
William T. Giles: We expect to have that probably rolled out to the chain by the end of our fiscal year. So hopefully at the beginning of our fiscal year '13, we will have that system in place. And really, it's an opportunity for us to get better visibility and better micromanaging, if you will, from a labor perspective. So as Bill mentioned, it is a 20-year-old system, and it's worked well up to this point. But we really have an opportunity to take it to the next generation and really manage it at a lower level than we have before. So we think we'll be able to improve some efficiencies along the way. Much of the investment has been made up to this point. And so we're in the final stages of the investment.
William T. Giles: I think I would look at it as the maturation of some of the older programs. And so -- and think about the fact that we've got a lot of programs that are still relatively immature. And so we've seen EBIT margin improvement in just our Commercial business alone as the investments that we have to open those programs begin to get leverage as those programs begin to gain maturity and gain sales volume. So really it's a leverageable model, and we believe there's opportunities to continue to improve our EBIT margin within our Commercial business. As we've stated before, Commercial operates at a lower margin than DIY. So as Commercial becomes a larger piece of the puzzle, it will put some pressure on operating margin percent, although obviously we're focused on operating margin dollars, which is a real driver for ROIC as well because the investments aren't that significant to get a Commercial program going. But overall, operating margin is going to continue to improve, we believe, on the Commercial programs as they continue to gain momentum and increase volume.
William T. Giles: No. We actually feel pretty good about the capital allocation philosophy. We believe that maintaining BBB stable, targeting a credit metric of 2.5, albeit that there will be some fluctuation on any given quarter, we think that that's the right capital deployment and served us very well. And we think it's showed up in our financial results.
William T. Giles: That's a good question. And in fairness, we didn't mention it last quarter as well as a bit of a headwind. And so for us, it is just claim-related, larger claim costs from a medical perspective. At the same time we also, with increased activity on the Commercial side of the business with significant more trucks, et cetera, we've had some higher experience there as well from auto liability and workers' comp. So it really is activity-based for us as well as some large claim experience, so we think we'll cycle through that and we've got some initiatives in place. And so as we look forward, we expect it to be less of a headwind.
William T. Giles: We didn't necessarily other than the things we've said previously. But again, obviously, we've got some benefits from shrink. Commercial continues to be a bit of a headwind on, certainly, our gross margin rates. But obviously, we've overcome that with other things. So I would categorize it as overall, our gross margin rate remains relatively healthy. Certainly from a mix perspective, Commercial will wind up putting some pressure on gross margin. As Commercial matures over time, we believe that our EBIT margin will improve. But Commercial will operate at a lower margin than DIY.
