Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. These continue to be unique and unprecedented times and they have required us to look at many things differently to manage our business day-to-day. I am extraordinarily proud of our team across the Board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While we are learning how to operate effectively in these times, we remain wary of the volatility that can exist, volatility in both the U.S. and our international markets. We don’t know what lies ahead of us for this new fiscal year, but we feel we are much more prepared today for uncertainty than we were at the start of this pandemic. We will be ready for a wide variety of economic environments and we have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their families, drive to a close vacation spot or get back into the school year. I wish we could provide you with more clarity on our expectations on business trends for our upcoming first quarter and the new fiscal year. But as I stated before, that isn’t practical for us with all the unknowns. But I want to be crystal clear. We plan conservatively in order to manage our cost structure appropriately. Our domestic retail business was a tremendous surprise for us this past quarter. We understand trends will ultimately slow. While we appreciate these things, we feel we are well-positioned for continued future share gain opportunities in both the domestic, retail and commercial segments. We had an outstanding quarter, but we have work to do as we start a new fiscal year. Frankly, our focus isn’t on what happens this new quarter. Its, are we keeping our AutoZoners and customer safe today, while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And more importantly, what can we do during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. What really matters is how are we doing a year or two from now and I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, bullish on our company. Before we proceed to questions, we made some exciting organization announcements a few weeks ago. We announced that Bill Giles and Bill Hackney, two tremendous long-term talented leaders plan to retire at the end of the calendar year. It is impossible to state the tremendous impact each of them have had on our business, our culture and our teams. They will be sorely missed. But in their typical fashion, they always put the company’s interest ahead of their own and they have been sharing with us for a long time that this day would inevitably come. As such, their teams are prepared and we simultaneously announced the addition of two new fabulous leaders to our team. Our new EVP, CFO, Jamere Jackson is with us today and Seong Ohm will be joining us soon as our new Senior Vice President of Merchandising. We are so excited to add these two seasoned highly accomplished leaders to our team. It will be terrific to inject their ideas, thoughts, and perspectives into our future strategies and tactics. We welcome Jamere and Seong, and we look forward to celebrating the enormous contributions of Bill and Bill. Now, we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. I think that is one of those other questions that are really hard to say right now, Michael. And I will go back to, on our last call, if you would have told me that our sales would continue for four months -- additional four months at those elevated levels, I wouldn’t have thought that to be true, but they did. And the biggest news to me was the fact that August still had 16.5% same-store sales growth post-economic stimulus and enhanced unemployment benefits. What happens with miles driven will be an element of it. But a lot of the miles that are being driven, they are not all the same. Our customer -- our core customer, their habits haven’t changed. They are still going to work every day. When you think about the miles driven it’s -- that have declined, it’s generally higher socioeconomic groups that are working from home. Our core customers, they haven’t worked at home, just like our store AutoZoners and D.C. AutoZoners. They haven’t worked at home a day. So I don’t think all miles driven are the same. What happens in the next 12 months? Frankly, it’s very, very difficult for us to predict. The piece that I hang on to and we hang on to is, generally when economic times are tough people prioritize their vehicle at a different level because they are not going to get a new vehicle in any short-term period, and therefore, they change their maintenance and upgrade their vehicles. So, as I said earlier, the last -- over the last three decades, the best periods of performance for us have all been coming out of recessionary environments. Will this recessionary environment be the same as those other periods? I don’t know. But that’s the best analogy that we have at this point.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. So you know this, our long history is, we report earnings so quickly after the end of our quarter. Usually three quarters of the year within two and a half weeks at the end of the year because of year [and] [ph] we go three and a half weeks. I just don’t want to talk about trends in September, because I just don’t want people focusing that much attention on such a short period of time. That’s why we were so crystal clear about what happened in August, that we did see a 16.5% comp in August. So I want to leave it at that, Simeon. I understand your desire to hear more but I don’t want us extrapolating two weeks or three weeks.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. DIY started, I mentioned it, went up 50% in two days back in April and so it ramped really quickly. The commercial business lagged it, but it continued to build very methodically over the course of the quarter. As we got into August, both businesses took a little bit of a step down when that enhanced unemployment benefit went away.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. So the hurricane, this was not a massive hurricane except for the people that were directly impacted. So it was a pretty small area that was hit. Our sales were softer in that last week, not disproportionately softer but they were softer. We did lose a store in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Fortunately, we know no AutoZoners that were significantly impacted, as a result of that hurricane or the one that happen week and a half ago. As far as commercial moderating, they both moderated in the August period of time. That’s what we saw. They just stepped down a little bit. But we were, frankly, tickled to death with 16.5% comps in August.
Bill Rhodes: Back in the spring, there was a clear delineation between the hardest hit areas and the rest of the country. This summer there was very little differentiation, and certainly, little differentiation that you could attribute to COVID. You would see some weather patterns as we always do. But I would say, that the COVID impact in the summertime was unremarkable.
Bill Rhodes: Well, I think, one of the things that happened in the pandemic is everybody that run -- was operating a business, started running down case scenarios, us included, I talked about it on the last call that we were asking ourselves questions that I never thought we would ask ourselves, questions like liquidity. But in the midst of the depths of the pandemic, we did two things, one, we invested in our AutoZoners. Other people were saying, how do I cut my costs like crazy. We said, how do we stand in the gap for the most important thing we have, which is our AutoZoners. We have provided them with that emergency time off benefit. The other thing that we did was we didn’t lay-off or furlough one single person, not one, as a result of the pandemic and we kept our operations as normal as possible. Yes, we cut back our store hours of operation. But that was about it. Other people, particularly the less sophisticated, less well-capitalized people, many of which were on the commercial side of the business, they reacted very swiftly and very strongly and they let people go, they cut back their service level. And so it provided us an opportunity to over serve our customers during that period of time, certainly from a competitive point of view. I think that, that has a longstanding impact, whether or not we can grow commercial 10% into the foreseeable future, that’s anybody’s guess. What I know is we are winning in the marketplace. If you look at our growth over -- most of the periods over the last 10 years, our growth versus the competitive landscape has been significantly better, 2 times or 3 times, many times what the industry growth rate is and we feel really good about where we are.
Bill Rhodes: Can I jump in on that as well, and I just want to remind everybody to go back to the ‘08, ‘09 period of time and when miles driven dipped during that period of time, the correlation between miles driven and our sales performance was -- and the industry sales performance was broken. And we attribute that to the fact that there were a lot of people -- our trends were more aligned with what was going on with employment. And so in these tough economic times, I think, the correlation between miles driven breaks. It comes back together in more normal times. But it definitely is not a good contributor in short-term recessionary environments.
Bill Rhodes: Well, that’s a terrific question. I have been in this industry for over 25 years and I have seen the consolidation happen and AutoZone was a significant participant of it in the late ‘90s all the way through 2008 or so. On the commercial side, this consolidation is much more challenging. On the retail side of the business, everybody was looking for geographic expansion and we could all take reasonably the same size boxes and over time turn them into our standard prototypes. On the wholesale side, it’s not as easy. We don’t need the wholesaler’s inventory. We don’t need their distribution. We don’t need their locations. We need their customers and is there more efficient ways for us to get their customers by winning in the marketplace is what we have learned over time. We did great team step our toe into the water with our acquisition of IMC and that didn’t work out very well for us. We believe our strategy and approach to -- approach in the market will win over time. If you look at what we have done in some of our close-in competitors, we have all substantially changed our inventory assortments over the last five years to 10 years. We have all built really strong sales forces and we are continuing to chip away at some of the competitive differentiation that was in the marketplace. I think that that’s what’s happening with share over time. These companies, many of the independents, they are not working for a return on the capital though. They are working for their salaries and so what happens them over time, I think, they have longer staying power than other enterprises would. So I think it will take time but I do think that there’s a lot of pressure on independent operators in this commercial side of the business today and that’s not going to let up.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is very strong and our business model is solid. We will take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We will continue to focus on the basics as we strive to optimize shareholder value in FY 2021. Thank you for your time and thank you for your interest in our great company. Stay safe and be well.
Bill Giles: Yeah. It’s a good question, Michael. I would start by first saying, most of the gross margin impact was product mix shift. So we had some categories like lighting and brakes that typically have higher margins than our average and those underperformed the quarter. Batteries as an example, outperformed during the quarter and they typically have slightly lower margins than the average. So that’s what drove it a little bit. But, yes, we did provide -- we did find opportunities for us to lower select categories like commodities, where we are really not adding a lot of service and it’s an opportunity for us to be more competitive. And we did gain market share in many of those categories during the quarter. So we think it was the right decision and long-term it will help drive sales and ultimately help drive gross profit. But to dimensionalize it was probably a single-digit basis point impact.
Bill Giles: On the growth side, I would just say that, look we grew gross profit dollars by 20%. Our focus is again on driving gross profit dollars. And so where we can find opportunities to invest back in the business, we are going to do that, and over time, retail and commercial prices will go up and down based on market conditions. So, again, our standpoint is, look, our margin is in a really healthy place right now and we have got great opportunities for us to lower cost through lower acquisition opportunities and so we have -- on a category-by-category basis, we feel really good about where our margin is. There’s always going to be some shift in product sales mix that’s going to impact the margin.
Bill Giles: Great question, Seth. Yeah. We think that there’s continued opportunity. As we mentioned before, we are going to continue to expand our mega hubs. As we said, we have 44 open today. We have targeted 75-plus mega hubs in the future. We are well on our way to accomplishing that over the next couple of years. We have got about 200 hubs today. We think on a longer term basis we could almost double that number. So, we are excited about it. The markets do perform well when we introduce those hubs into the marketplace and so we are certainly getting an adequate return and excited about the sales volume is generated from that. And you are right that there are more and more boxes that are available in the marketplace. They just have to be in the right place and that hopefully will be an opportunity for us, as we move forward.
Bill Giles: It feels as though the miles driven is getting better each month, I mean, obviously, it was down maybe close to 10% back in July. But if you look at the current fuel sales, it would imply that miles driven is down in the mid- to low-single digits at this point. So our expectation is that that’s a number that’s going to continue to improve. And back to Bill’s point earlier, that relative to our customer, it’s very likely that their miles driven is not necessarily negative. They are more likely than not essential workers needing to be able to get to work and able to operate their cars. So our expectation is it will continue to get better and that it is, probably, already a little bit better for our customer.
Bill Giles: Yeah. It’s a good question, Michael. And as you know, our game plan is, is that we are going to play in the environment that we are in. So if sales are continued to be strong, we are going to continue to invest back into that. As Bill mentioned before, we probably ended the quarter in reasonably good shape from the standpoint of labor and service, but certainly, at the beginning of the quarter, we were trying to catch up a little bit. So, on an overall basis I would expect us to continue to invest in labor as our sales continue to be strong and we are going to find other opportunities for us to be able to make investments when our business is really strong. Because, again, it’s all about the future and it’s all about our long-term growth and ensuring that we are creating a great service environment for our customers both on the retail side and the commercial side.
Bill Giles: Yeah. Great question. In fact, we spent a lot of time in energy building, our foreign sourcing office -- buying office over in China and so we continue to find opportunities in a lot of different categories for us to be able to find areas where we can reduce our acquisition costs. One of the other things that pandemic taught us was that, we also want to ensure that we are not too dependent on any particular geographic area of the world and so the team is going to be continuing to find other opportunities throughout the world in order for us to be able to source product. So that will actually, I think, reduce our risk on a long-term basis and should also find other opportunities for us to lower our acquisition cost. Seong will come to us with a significant amount of experience in this area and we are excited about her joining the organization and helping the great team that we have already built overseas buying product every day, but Seong will be able to add a lot of value in that area as well.
