William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We are pleased to report our 29th consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings per share growth. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. We focus on executing at a high level consistently, which we believe can be a competitive advantage. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Before I conclude, I want to reiterate that our initiatives around inventory assortment, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, E-Commerce and Brazil are all very exciting to us. We feel these initiatives will lead to increasing sales for 2014. While our industry sales, according to NPD data made available to us, have been slower, we expect the less robust growth is more from the near-term macro pressures than long-term structural change. It didn't surprise us that our retail sales results remained sluggish this past quarter as several macro headwinds had yet to lap themselves. Based on our read of the trajectory of the macro influences, combined with our existing and exciting new initiatives, we are optimistic about our sales for the balance of the year. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our Commercial business at an accelerated rate. As we continue to execute on our financial model, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief of solid consistent strategy, combined with superior execution, is a formula for success. We are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. Before we move to the question-and-answer period, I'd like to take this opportunity to recognize and say goodbye to one of our great leaders. In early January, Harry Goldsmith, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, will be retiring. Harry has provided sage advice to our company and its leaders for the past 20 years, and his contributions have been invaluable. He will certainly be missed. But he has built a strong team that will continue to prosper after his retirement. As we thank him for his service, we want to wish Harry and his family all the best in their future endeavors. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. All right. I don't know what's going on with that phone. Great question. Simeon, would you mind going on hold if this is on your line? [Technical Difficulty]
William C. Rhodes: Well, I think I'd go back to one of the things that I said towards the end of our comments, is that our approach going in is we're going to grow square footage in the low single-digit range and then grow Commercial on accelerated rate, which we believe is a formula to drive mid-single-digit growth rate in EBIT. And then we're going to add our share repurchase on top of that, which will comfortably get us in the double digits. Whether or not we can grow in the teens or the mid-teens, that's always an uphill battle for us. But I'd say when you step back and look at what we've done over the last several years, we've been able to accomplish that. Following up on that, though, one challenge that we do have this year is the second quarter last year was particularly challenging for us and we very aggressively managed our expenses. As the sales environment has improved a bit, we think it's important that we get up -- get caught up on a little bit of the things that we're behind on as we make sure that we don't slow down the momentum that's building in this. So I think you can look for us to be a little bit less aggressive than we were last year this time on the operating expenses.
William C. Rhodes: New store growth, we're a little bit behind as we enter the year. That's not atypical for us. We'll be on the 150 stores range in the United States and roughly 40 in Mexico and still progressing in Brazil, although that's a little harder to forecast.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I don't think it has anything to do with the mix of products that we're selling based on the age of vehicles. It's really, in the last several years, we had fairly significant inflation in commodity-based products, oil-based products, steel-based products, lead-based products, and really at an accelerated rate over what we've seen in the past. And so we had some fairly significant average ticket growth. That has not only waned, it's basically ceased. And in some cases, as Bill just mentioned, it's going backwards. And so it's put a short-term, or mid- to short-term headwind on the average ticket. We don't think it's something that's structural over the long term once we anniversary it in another couple of quarters. We think it will probably go back to a more normalized rate.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I think that's a terrific question. Number one, a lot of the changes that we are making are tests, so they're discrete tests in discreet markets. And while we don't want to go out on a macro basis and talk about it, because we don't know if those tests are going to be successful, we don't know what the ultimate outcome will be, the people on the ground in the local market are certainly going out and sharing with their customers what the changes are. Once we finish and I've talked about the inventory availability tests we have going on, it's going to take us about the balance of this fiscal year, I think and we believe, until we have that figured out where we're going. Once we have that solved, then we will have a more robust communication plan and marketing plan, either leveraging our very talented sales force or other mechanisms. But it's too yet -- it's too early yet to do that.
William C. Rhodes: I mean, it's been between 1% and 2% off of its historical norms. Sometimes, in the last couple of years, it's even higher than that. But over what the long-term trajectory of average ticket growth has been, it's been between 100 and 200 basis points off of that. As far as winter debates, we've been dealing with it now in a big way for the last couple of quarters. Once we anniversary that, hopefully, it will subside some and start increasing back at more normalized rates.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I'd say a couple of things, Matt. Number one, we've been gaining commercial share very consistently over a long period of time. Over the last 12 months before this quarter, our rate of growth had slowed in Commercial. That reaccelerated in this quarter. However, on the Retail side, where we had grown market share for 3 years, over the last 12 months, we were not growing market share and we were losing some market share. We began to reemerge with growing market share over the last couple of months. That doesn't make a trend yet, but we're encouraged by it. So I would say it was really a pickup in share in both is what we saw.
William C. Rhodes: I would add one thing too, Bret. As these new algorithms that we've created, we have a high degree of confidence in them. But we're being more aggressive on the inventory adds than we are on the deletes. If we add inventory too early in the life cycle of the vehicle, it's no big deal. It will be in the life cycle 2 years from now. We want to -- we're doing about 1/2 of the deletes now and we'll come back and do the other 1/2 next year. So that will also be a little bit of a pinch point for us over the next 12 to 18 months.
William C. Rhodes: I wish I could give you more clarity. The inventory growth that we had this quarter, we said about 40% of it was due to the new rollout of algorithms. We anticipate that will continue -- that portion of it will continue for the next 3 quarters. The big unknown is we have these big tests that were out there trying to understand increasing inventory in hub stores, trying other hubs -- increasing the assortment in hub stores even farther and they will service other hub stores and these daily or -- excuse me, more frequent deliveries out of our distribution centers. We just don't know where that's going to go right now. As we get towards the end of the tests, we will be as clear as we can be with you where that's headed, but it's just too early to make that call right now.
William C. Rhodes: The market share information that we have has changed over the last couple of years. We used to have very detailed information of very broad set of our direct competitors that allowed us to see very granular information at the category level and at the regional level. That went away, I guess almost 2 years ago now. So in that data set, we can only see national information based upon hard parts and nonapplication-specific parts. There is another data set that is a broader group of retailers, includes some mass and other sectors outside of us that's sales floor only. And we can see on the sales floor-only things on a very large regional basis. But because the data is not that big, it's not that helpful for us to dig in on a regional basis.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Number one, we don't focus nearly as much on average ticket and customer account in Commercial. We're trying to bundle as much as we can in every single delivery. And so that can have some fluctuations that aren't necessarily demand-based like they are on the Retail side. What I would tell you is that the commodity piece is certainly a much smaller part of the business than the commercial piece. So the loss of that commodity-based inflation would not be seen at the same -- to the same degree in Commercial.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, obviously, any growth that we get into Commercial business is, in and of itself, very additive to return on invested capital. The real question is going to be what comes out of these inventory investments that we make over time. And as I said earlier, some of that's yet to be known. The bigger piece to me on the broadening the inventory assortment is not necessarily that it's additive to the basket. What we're trying to do is be able to answer our Commercial customers' call and say yes every time. And in some cases, it's not about a basket play as it is about getting that next phone call when they have an odd part. And so I don't necessarily think it will be as much about basket as it will be about just moving up the call list for that Commercial customer.
William C. Rhodes: I think it's going to take us a while to, number one, get this inventory into the marketplace. As I've mentioned, it's going to take about a year even to get it out there. Once we get it out there than we can have a more comprehensive campaign -- marketing campaign to talk to our customers about it. So I think we need to be careful not to be looking forward in the next quarter or 2. I think it will build over time, but it may not be as material as being able to highlight it at the macro level.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that we have a long and strong heritage of consistent impressive performance. We are currently working on a variety of exciting new initiatives and tests that we believe will enhance our performance over time. Ultimately, our AutoZoners have delivered year in and year out and I'm highly confident they will continue to do so. Thank you for participating in today's call and we'd like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous new year. Thanks for participating today.
William T. Giles: I think the way we're looking at our gross margin is that we've had some improvement in this past quarter and, frankly, over probably the last 3 quarters on lowering some of our acquisition costs. Clearly, we haven't seen some of the inflation aspects that we have experienced in years past, which helped drive a little bit some of the retail increases, which can be beneficial to gross margin. As we mentioned before, AutoAnything has probably a drag to the tune of 37 to 40 basis points per quarter for the last 3 quarters. So that masked some of the productivity that the merchant organization has done in terms of improving their overall gross margin. And then keep in mind that we're, obviously, growing our Commercial rate -- Commercial business at an accelerated rate, which also, as that we mentioned in the prepared comments, continues to be a little bit of a headwind on our gross margin rate overall. That business gets to be a bigger piece of the pie, but we've dealt with that for several quarters, several years and we've done a good job of being able to demonstrate improvement in gross margin in spite of that. So we look at our gross margins relatively healthy, it continues to grow. I think we're doing a great job from a sourcing perspective. I think we -- our supply chain organization runs a pretty tight ship. We clearly had some headwinds from AutoAnything, but again, we're kind of focused on dollars and not so much the rate.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think we probably called down, if I recall, in the press release, it was somewhere around 10 basis points or so. And it's really just a shift, Matt, from Q1 to Q2. So I suspect some of those dollars will be spent more in Q2 and it's really just more of a timing shift than anything else.
William T. Giles: I think we'll have to see exactly how these tests work out and how much inventory we will continue to add and we will continue to add inventory over the next several quarters. So our -- we would love to have it to be a neutral working capital impact, but we'll have to see how that shakes out. It may have a little bit of pressure on working capital, but I would suspect if it does, it will probably be a year or 2 from now.
William T. Giles: I would say, in fairness, probably not completely. I think if we can make a tradeoff in order to be able to have more inventory locally in the marketplace to be able to say yes on a more frequent basis, that's ultimately what we're trying to do. We believe that on a long-term basis, that will improve market share. So I wouldn't say that we are going to do exactly what you just said, but I would not necessarily think that it's going to increase our inventory turn.
William T. Giles: Internally, yes. Externally, we wouldn't disclose that necessarily. So we're going to be able to track, what we believe, the lift in sales is for that incremental inventory by channel. But we're seeing, as we always have when we've added inventory, improvement in both sides of the business. So it's not an effort to improve inventories strictly for one particular side of the business. Both Retail and Commercial, both benefit from the increase in inventory.
William T. Giles: I think the way we articulated is think about the advertising as kind of a standalone and there should be a little bit of a shift from Q1 to Q2. I don't want to anticipate our overall advertising expenditures to be dramatically different this year versus last year in totality, but there may be a shift between the quarters. I think one of the things that Bill was highlighting earlier was that we were aggressive on some of our expense control in Q2 last year that as we look back on it and know some of the things that we're doing now with the initiatives, with a more normalized winter, with a little bit of sales momentum, that we want to be able to keep that in track. And so we're going to manage our expenses mindfully, but at the same time, we're going to want to be able to deliver great customer service and continue to focus on capturing market share.
William T. Giles: Again, no problem. I don't know if there's an upper boundary per se. Although we're mindful of the fact that again, we want to be able to say yes on a more frequent basis. So winning for us is going to be driving commercial sales and driving retail sales and not necessarily getting to a specific AP to inventory ratio per se. I think as we look over time and we determine what the appropriate inventory levels are, it's really going to be a function of whether inventory turns slows a little bit. And if inventory turns slows a little bit, then the AP to inventory ratio will begin to cap out at some point in time and moderate. So we feel great about what we've accomplished. The merchandising organization has done an outstanding job of helping them manage to those kinds of industry-leading numbers and we'll continue to push it. But I don't expect to see a significant amount of upside to that just yet.
William T. Giles: That's a good question. No, we're not really doing anything structurally in response to the Affordable Health Care Act. I would say that overall, though, in the short term, we expect to have some increase in costs as a result of the act. I don't think it's going to be material. We're more interested to see how the legislation plays itself out over the next couple of years. I think it will have a bigger impact 2 to 3 years from now than it will for the next 12 months. So we don't expect it to be a big storyline in the fiscal year 2014 for us.
William T. Giles: Yes, it will kind of mute itself out over the year, but kind of pick up a little bit of it in the second quarter. It's just that the bigger impact of that fourth quarter, which is the summer month, swapping that out for a November week is the biggest or the most dramatic switch. But it will kind of mute itself out throughout the year.
William T. Giles: No, no changes. I just wanted to be clear that we want to be at around this BBB stable credit metric. That's what we focus on. Predominantly, each of the credit agencies have their own individual metrics as they determine how they're going to rate us. And so we just used 2.5 as a rounded number for you guys in order to do your models.
William T. Giles: Yes and just keep in mind that we're talking in test mode at the moment. So we'll determine exactly how much we wind up adding and where it is and what the impact is going to be and have more knowledge about it as we begin to roll it out. And as Bill said, we'll probably spend the next several quarters working through the test, determining what works well. But the quick answer is yes, that would be one way to think about it. If it plays out that way, that if it does slow-turn, it would probably happen a year or 2 from now just given the nature of our overall turn. But again, we're all about putting inventory into the local market in order to say yes on more frequent basis. We want to drive sales.
