Bill Rhodes: Thank you Bill. Before we conclude, I wanted to take the opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2010. Our organization performed extremely well for the year, both operationally and financially. I'm extremely pleased with our accomplishments, and I'd like to recap a few of those key accomplishments in recognition of the dedication, passion, and commitment of our AutoZoners. We built on last year's strong same-store sales results, growing at 5.4% versus last year's 4.4%, our best two-year comp performance since 2002-2003.  We continued our focus on developing the commercial business and grew commercial sales by nearly 14% for the year with accelerating sales performance in each quarter of fiscal 2010. We grew market share in both our retail and commercial businesses. We opened a total of 213 stores, including 50 stores in Mexico.  We grew EBIT dollars by 12% and EPS by 27.6%, on top of 20% last year. This EBIT margin of 17.9% represents a new all-time high.  Our return on invested capital reached a record 27.6% for the year.  We exceeded $1.1 billion in operating cash flow for the first time. We achieved our previously stated goal of 100% AP to inventory, ending at 106%.  We repurchased stock representing over 10% of the current market capitalization of the company for the second year in a row. And, probably the most important of all, our AutoZoners continued to dedicate themselves to providing the industry's best customer service. Their dedication is what makes our organization great. Our major objectives for 2011 will sound remarkably familiar. They are: "great people, providing great service," continual improvement in our hub strategy, leveraging the Internet, profitably growing commercial, ever-improving inventory management, and improving our product assortment.  Clearly, in 2010 we had macro factors that positively contributed to our success. However, our organization was well-positioned and prepared to capitalize on these favorable trends. How long will these factors positively influence our performance? We simply don't know the answer. But we do know that we have been able to very effectively manage our business regardless of the economic cycle, as evidenced by our string of 16 straight quarters with double-digit EPS growth. Again, our business has performed well for many years now, but we cannot rest, and we will not rest, and you have our commitment that we will never do that. Finally, before we move to Q&A, I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, their fellow AutoZoners, stock holders, and our communities. It remains a distinct honor to work alongside this fabulous team. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: I might articulate it differently, Alan. Personally, I do see opportunities to add it to additional stores and as we mentioned, we've added it to I think 84 in the quarter, primarily in the back half. Everything we do we test it, and that's our initial test into taking it to the next level of expansion. But our primary focus remains on making the programs that we have in place - we have over 2,400 of them - how do we make them as productive as they can be? And so I want to be very careful not to distract from the progress we're making in those existing programs by getting the organization so focused on expansion of these programs. I do believe they will come in time. I do believe we'll do it the AutoZone way, which will be prudent, and it will be profitable. But we're beginning that expansion, because I think the organization is in a place now where we can begin to accelerate that a little bit.
Bill Rhodes: First of all, all of the hubs continue to grow and continue to grow at a very healthy rate, even the five test stores that we opened I believe in fiscal 2008 continue - them and their satellite stores - continue to perform very well and frankly all of them continue to exceed our expectations. So we couldn't be really more pleased with the progress that we're making in the hub stores, and the beauty of it is we talked a little bit in the prepared remarks, about we're going to be relocating some of those over time. We're doing as well as we are and we still have significant amounts of those stores that are constrained. They don't have the size to have the parts assortment in them that we want. So over time we'll be expanding those. And that will give us additional benefit in the future.
Bill Rhodes: If I may add something there, our old commercial order management system was very much designed for commercial but it was very cumbersome. In fact it took 21 specific steps at one point in time to order a part. We've refined it over the years, but now with commercial Z-Net, there's four steps to order a part and three of them are the exact same steps that you take when you are working with the DIY customer. So it makes it significantly easier for anybody in the store to work in the commercial program, which means we'll give better service to our customers.
Bill Rhodes: You know, it's really interesting, John. We've been very pleased with the performance of the incremental inventory that we have added. We've added hundreds of millions of dollars of inventory over the last three years and primarily focused on late model coverage. And it has benefited our commercial programs significantly, but to our very much surprise, it has benefited DIY very well as well. Approximately two-thirds of the sales that go out from that incremental inventory go out through DIY. So it's great for both parts of the business, and not only do we add all that inventory, but our inventory per store is actually down. So we've been able to take unproductive inventory out of the system in totality, and we have been able to move slower-moving inventories back to the hub stores themselves. We think there's still a lot of work to be done there, both on adding new parts and also refining the placement of which part should be in the satellite stores versus the hub stores.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, if you look at the on-shelf price of the standard, conventional motor oils, they've actually gone up some. But the vast majority of what we sell is through promotions, and those promotional prices really haven't changed.
Bill Rhodes: I don't think the goal is 100% anymore. I think the goal goes up from here. Certainly our plan for fiscal 2011 is higher than it is today. So I don't think it's not only sustainable, I anticipate it'll grow over time.
Bill Rhodes: I think it's an excellent question and I think the general answer is yes. The more specific answer is we have a great sales force that's in place now. We've been growing it over the last year and we continue to expect to grow it over time. Candidly, I don't think we know yet what the right ratio is for a territory sales manager on a per-store basis and that will change as we continue to refine it. But generally the vast majority of the investments are in place, unless we find additional investments that drive accelerated performance. I think we have a very bright future for a long period of time. We certainly understand that we are fifth in this business, and we don't like being fifth, but at the same time I am very pleased with the progress that our commercial team has made over the last couple of years.
Bill Rhodes: I'd first start with I think we are number one on a lot of customers' call list, and we're not on a lot of customers' call list. I think the vast majority of what we have done is grow with our existing customers. We have grown with new customers and frankly we've lost some customers and we got to go back and regain those customers, but our trends in both new customers and in retention are both increasing and that's encouraging.
Bill Rhodes: Kate, I think it's a wide range of reasons why they shift, and one thing in this business is a customer does not have a sole supplier. So, it's not we come in and we take over for brand X. Maybe we get a foray into their brake business, or we have their brake business and we expand into starters and alternators. I think the biggest thing that we've done is a couple of things, and this is what we're hearing from our customers. Number one, we have improved our core execution. And whether that's inventory in our stores, whether that's great commercial specialists and great drivers giving consistent service, that's the first thing and at times we haven't been as good as we would like on that front. The second thing is we now have somebody out there telling our story. For years we were in the commercial business and there wasn't anybody going to the shop telling our story, and talking to the shop owners about what their challenges are, where are their headaches, where are their pain-points and what can we do to help them. Now we have well over 200 people that are in those locations every day making an enormous number of sales calls, that are telling our story and then also helping us refine where we do have operational issues back in the stores.
Bill Rhodes: The second part of that is an excellent question. That's all a great question. But clearly, we would love to be able to tell you exactly what weather was, but it's really difficult to determine the specific impact. We believe it was a contributor, but it was one of many contributors. Macro factors helped us, but I've got to tell you that the hub store impact, the execution level at the stores - don't forget we ran 20% growth in commercial. I think there were a tremendous amount of factors that influenced it. As far as looking forward, last year we had a pretty extreme weather and this summer we had a pretty summer. Extremes put stress on parts, and I think it would be very understandable to expect that if we have a challenging winter season, that this summer's heat will encourage more part failures in the winter months. If you look at what we've talked about when we talked about the various types of categories where we saw growth, failure was the highest category, and that hasn't necessarily always been the case.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah, the answer to the first part of your question is absolutely. There's no question that we're in a much better position to give great customer service. And candidly, on Kate's previous question, we were talking about the fact that commercial customers have multiple suppliers. If we say no to them on a certain part, they're not as likely to pick up the phone and call us the next time. So I think it deepens our relationship with both commercial and retail customers. As far as it having any difference in our pricing strategy, I would say absolutely not. This industry is not one that has tremendous elasticity to it. If we put starters and alternators on sale by 50% off, it's not going to change the demand. We'd pick up a few incremental sales, but not a material amount. So I don't think that parts coverage and expanded parts coverage has any determinant on our pricing philosophies.
Bill Rhodes: Well it's a very competitive industry and it's also a very fragmented industry. We compete with all the name brands that you're all familiar with, but we also compete with a lot of mom and pops across the country, and we compete with other retailers, large retailers on certain parts of our assortment, and we compete with the WDs. I think our value proposition is we're not going to be undersold, and we feel comfortable with where our pricing philosophy is and obviously we've been able to generate great margins with the philosophy that we have.
Bill Rhodes: Okay, before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remained very, very strong. We remain excited about our growth prospects for the upcoming year. We cannot take anything for granted as we understand our customers have many alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain successful. We have a solid plan for 2011, and as usual, our team cannot wait to get started. In fact they're well on their way. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and never take our eye off optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are highly confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. We thank you for getting in the zone this morning and participating in today's call. Have a great day. 
Bill Giles: I think actually I think we've done a good job over the last year or two of continuing to make investments that we believe will continue to improve customer service and continue to capture market share. The hubs are, as Bill articulated, are great example of some of the investments along with training and a handful of other things that we continue to do. Now we'll begin the anniversary of some of those investments as we get into 2011. We believe that there's more opportunity for us to continue to make investments - again just to highlight the hubs as Bill mentioned as an example. There's a real opportunity for us to be able to expand the size of many of the hubs that exist today. There's an opportunity for us to actually relocate some of the hubs to more optimum locations. So there's continued investment to be making from that standpoint. Our "one team" strategy, the investments that we made both in the commercial Z-Net, will continue through 2011. So there are investments to be made, but we'll continue to moderate those investments in light of our overall sales performance. But what we feel really good about is the position that we are in heading into 2011. We've made some great investments in both fiscal year 2009-2010 and we think we're very well-positioned as we head into 2011.
Bill Giles: It's very new. We've launched this in the fourth quarter and so it's really in very early stages, but it will provide a lot of efficiencies from the store and from the store's perspective, and it will be able to really be able to leverage the benefits of everybody in the store being able to service, not just commercial customers, but all of our customers. And so the real theme is being able to have one unit within a store being able to service both our retail and our commercial customers on an ongoing basis.
Bill Giles: I would say that we are definitely finding opportunities to get in the markets in a little bit more aggressive way than we have previously. And clearly some of that is the macro-environment being in our favor. So we've been successful on that front. I would say from an overall performance standpoint, you know, that the company overall has had a very strong performance, and that somewhat is getting reflected in the new store opening performance as well. And so I think the new stores are benefiting from some of the investments and some of the changes that we've made, as well as some of the tailwind that we're getting from an industry perspective as well. So I think you can think about it that way as the new stores are being more productive certainly than they were a couple of year ago. Some of that is industry-related and some of that is probably real estate-related as well.
Bill Giles: I would say very little. I'd say that from a commodity-based pricing, we certainly haven't seen any ups on that one. If anything is probably a little bit of a headwind for us from that perspective. But if you look at the front end overall, I'd say that retail pricing is certainly not of a storyline relative to our overall comp performance.
Bill Giles: Yeah, I think that obviously the commercial business, as we've articulated in the past, has a slightly lower margin, obviously from the return on invested capital. It's very accretive. There's very little investment relative to launching a commercial program. But it does have a little bit of impact on our overall margins, and having said that, our margins are up 63 basis points for the quarter.
Bill Giles: I would take the CapEx first. I would not necessarily see CapEx expenditures coming down. In fact, many of the things that we did from a hub perspective over the last year or so are mostly operational in nature and being able to deliver to stores three times a day. And some of the things that we're talking about in the future will probably have some CapEx associated with them relative to expanding the size of the hubs, as well as relocating the hubs. So there will be some incremental CapEx expense associated with that. And we don't anticipate our overall CapEx program, between number of stores, and maintenance, and those kinds of things, and regular investments into the business, changing. So our expectation is CapEx would be consistent and probably increase as we move forward.  Relative to working capital on new stores versus AP-to-inventory, I think we kind of separate those two things. I mean, we believe that we're getting great productivity out of our new stores. Currently we hold ourselves to an IRR hurdle rate for all our new stores, and so as long as they achieve those hurdle rates we'll continue to expand stores. We don't feel as though that new stores are constrained by capital necessarily. We believe that we're growing them at an appropriate pace for the organization, [unintelligible] to digest and for us to be able to find locations in the marketplace. So we will continue to do that, and we'll continue to manage and optimize working capital across the board. And AP-to-inventory is perfect example of our ability to be able to do that. And there will be other areas, but AP-to-inventory is one of that again, as Bill mentioned, we hit a milestone of [100%]. That's behind us and now we'll move on to more milestones.
Bill Giles: It's a lot of different things and to be able to get there, and to exceed 100%, obviously those wheels need to be in motion a year or so ago. And so the merchandising organization, along with several others in the organization, have worked hard at this, and it's certainly not something that happened in one quarter or two quarters. It's probably been worked on very hard over the last eight quarters, and this is the culmination of a lot of work. But it includes both partnering with some of the vendors in terms of terms. It also includes inventory productivity. Inventory turn is up a little bit. I think the complexion of our inventory is actually healthier and stronger today, and so there's a lot of those factors that go into account to get us to an AP-to-inventory ratio of plus-100%.
