William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. Before we conclude, I want to reiterate that our industry's performance has been strong over the last 3 years, but I believe our team's commitment to our culture and our customers, combined with our initiatives, have contributed significantly to our success as evidenced by our sales and share growth in both Retail and Commercial. We remain committed to continuing to improve our business model and our operations; continual, steady refinements. We believe our business model is healthy and we have material opportunities for further improvements from this point.  In fiscal 2012, we will continue to focus on our key priorities: Great people providing great service; profitably growing the Commercial business; leveraging the Internet; and our hub strategy, where we're really focused on relocations and expansions at this point. After the last 3 very impressive years of performance, our first quarter has again started out strong. As we entered the quarter, we had some concerns because we were comparing against our strongest quarter since quarter 2 of fiscal 2003, but with our AutoZoners’ continued intense focus on providing great service and trustworthy advice, we were able to deliver these impressive results. I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and the communities we serve. Our approach remains consistent. We're focused on succeeding in the second quarter of 2012, and we are quite optimistic and excited about the remainder of the year. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. I think a big part of it, John, is we have made significant improvements in our core execution in the Commercial business. And I think we’ve got to make sure we continue to get out there and tell our story. Our territory sales managers are out there today, telling our story and they're building deeper and deeper relationships with our customers. But building those relationships takes time. But at the end of the day, we've been very pleased with the old programs that have been out there and their growth. We've been very pleased with the programs we've opened over the last couple of years and their growth. We're also pleased with the programs that we're opening now. So across-the-board, we continue to be pretty bullish on it, and you can see that based on the fact that we're opening more and more programs over time.
William C. Rhodes: No, I don't think it changes the processes. Our team has really developed a very sophisticated inventory selection model on a per-store basis for hard parts. But as we continue to see the age of vehicles, that bell curve widen, it's just giving us more and more opportunities to put more products in the stores. And we have challenges with that; obviously, the financial challenges of additional inventory, but also space challenges. And so that's where this hub strategy is really so critical to our current success and really even more critical to the future success.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I mean, obviously when you're a national operator like us, we have certain areas, over time, that are areas of strength and other areas that are more challenged. I think you're referring to some folks calling out that the Southeast has been a little bit more difficult and that's accurate. We're seeing the same, but it's still a very healthy market. One of the things, when you think about why it could be more difficult, it's the most competitive area in the country and it's also where a tremendous amount of new store openings are focused. So we don't think it's anything that drastic. We continue to be pleased with our performance there and hope to improve it over time. Our big thing is, as a national operator, weather effects and economic indicators are going to go region to region over time. We believe our game plan is the right game plan and we just need to execute it.
William C. Rhodes: Not significantly different. We really didn't see much change during this quarter, between those 3 categories.
William C. Rhodes: I think the first thing you think about when you get about 250 million vehicles on the road, the difference in one-year sales of $13 million or $14 million isn't going to make a big difference. And we have not seen a declining overall vehicle population at this rate. We do have some concerns of miles driven being down. This will now be the second -- likely the second year, over the course of the last few years, where miles driven has been down. And fewer miles, over the long term, is going to be less maintenance and less failure. It's less wear and tear on the vehicle so that has us mildly concerned, let me characterize it that way.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Over time, we're -- really, what we're saying there is a lot of people anticipated that, in this economic cycle, we would see people trading down. And really, what we're saying is we're not seeing them trade down. When you talk about the overall increase in average ticket, there's several things that are driving it. Number one, our teams are doing a great job in the field of sharing the value propositions with the customers, and in many cases selling them up for the better or best products. Another thing that's going on underlying there is there's been some pretty significant increases in commodity prices over the last 12 months. And that's reflected in the retail prices of those products. The third thing, and we talked about it a little bit on the last quarter, is there's a technological enhancement that happen in this industry as parts and products are becoming more sophisticated and more complex. There's an underlying trend in the increase of those products, they also last a little bit longer, which puts some pressure on traffic count on that we've seen over the last -- more than the last decade.
William C. Rhodes: I think we see some stores with some very significant volumes. I really don't want to put out numbers from a competitive point of view. But we have a significant amount -- number of stores that are performing exceptionally well, and we're very pleased with those. I think the thing that we're more excited about is the newer programs that we're developing are continuing to ramp up faster than they have on a historical basis. And as that continues to happen, it gives us more confidence, it makes us more aggressive about opening more programs sooner rather than later.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I would say, on the hubs, that it is not geographically based at this point in time. Yes, we did have a slight slant when we started that program, the acceleration of the super hub program. We had some focus on the West Coast first. But at this point in time, I think it's more based upon the individual store locations that we have and do we have the right real estate there. On the Commercial programs, I think it too -- it does vary, frankly fairly significantly from region to region. But there's a lot of individual factors that are going to drive that and it's not really geographic. It's more where did we have the right footprint? Where were we closest to the significant Commercial business? And frankly, where did we have the leaders that were the more aggressive in those areas as well.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, it's a great question and I think it's a little bit of both. Clearly, we have opened the programs where they had the highest potential to do business. But the thing that's been interesting is, and I hit on it just a minute ago, although we're opening in the lower potential areas, they all still have significant potential, and as we're opening in these lower areas, we're actually outperforming and ramping up faster than we did over the last couple of years. I think that's due in part because our program continues to be refined. We continue to gain share in the marketplace, gain share of voice, our sales team continues to improve. And so we believe yes, it'll be comparatively more difficult to go from 60% to 65% to 70%. But we have a lot of confidence that we're going to be able to continue to make those increases.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I mean, I think there's a lot of areas where all the major players are there. And frankly, look at everybody's results and everybody seems to do pretty well. So I think this business, we strive -- we don't have any areas where we're challenged significantly. Do we take a hit when somebody comes in? Absolutely, then we try to work ourselves out of it. But we're not running 32% return on invested capital because we're struggling in a bunch of markets.
William C. Rhodes: I'd just say I haven't seen a market yet that was so saturated that we were challenged economically.
William C. Rhodes: Here's the way we're looking at it. We have more and more aggressive plans that we're laying out. We certainly laid out more aggressive plans for the balance of this year than we had when we started this year, but we're going to pace them based upon how we continue to perform. We have gates along the way. You've heard us talk about it before, a pay-as-you-go mentality, where we're going to open a cluster of stores, and as long as they're tracking on path, then we'll go ahead and open the next ones. If for some reason, whatever the reason is, we get off of that projected path, then we're going to slow down, we're going to go back and put intense focus on the stores that aren't performing to our expectations, leverage our focus there. And then once we get them going again, we'll come back in with the next batch. So we don’t want to lay out here's what the number is because that's not the way we're going to run it. We opened 235 net new stores last year. I certainly hope we do more than that this year. But we'll have to see. We're going to make sure that we perform to our expectations.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think the answer is, over the long term, we don't believe that at all. But it actually has outgrown our infrastructure today, and that's why we're going through this expansion and relocation strategy. And we originally put these hubs in based upon where we have excess space. And so some of them might be 10,000 or 12,000 feet, and we crammed things in there. It has become such a strong and robust resource for us that we're having to move or relocate or expand about 75% of them over a long period of time. But we do think that the hub strategy versus the warehouse strategy is the right strategy for us. We don't see any change in our long-term view on how we're going to distribute products. Our supply chain team does a great job, and we think putting the additional coverage in the market for that day so that you can service a customer 3x a day, is much more important than having it come overnight.
William C. Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remains very solid. We remain excited about our growth prospects for the year. We can't take anything for granted. As we understand, our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan for 2012, and our team is well positioned to succeed. But I want to stress, this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we will continue to focus on the basics and never take our eye off optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. Lastly, I'd like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous new year. We thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Basically, we only say that our Duralast program continues to be strong. We don't actually quantify exactly what the overall percentage of penetration is. As you recall, we've talked about it over the last 4 quarters. As we've increased our Duralast penetration it's been a bit of a benefit for our gross margin. And we continue to find opportunities in certain categories for us to continue to expand that. So we're very bullish on Duralast and its opportunities for continued expansion.
William T. Giles: Well, I'll go backwards. We certainly don't believe that growing the Commercial programs will cannibalize the DIY side of the house. In fact, one of the things that we have found is that we continue to expand our assortment and our coverage, continue to expand inventory coverage in our hub stores with a focus on improving our Commercial business, and have actually found as a byproduct that, that has actually helped our DIY business. So actually just the opposite, we find the businesses to be relatively complementary from an ability for us to add inventory into the marketplace, and frankly more labor into the stores, servicing both of those important customers. But from a productivity perspective, as you've seen, we've had great growth from our Commercial programs being up over 20% overall growth, and that's coming from both new programs that we've added. We've added almost 10% program growth in the last fiscal year and continue to feel very confident about our ability to continue to expand more programs. But we're getting good growth out of the existing stores and I think Bill highlighted a couple other important points, that when you think about the building blocks that we've put in place between the sales force, territory sales managers, the inventory coverage, some of the technology enhancements that we've made to the programs, we think that we've got a very good foundation to continue to improve the productivity of our existing stores. So we recognize there's a gap but we're really excited about our ability to continue to close that gap and improve the productivity.
William T. Giles: Yes, we definitely believe that there's seasonality in Q2, and one of the things that we've always been very consistent about indicating is that Q2 always is one of the more choppier quarters. We've got a fair amount of holiday time during there so -- and it's certainly the lowest volume quarter. So we just take it one quarter at a time, and we feel encouraged about our initiatives, but we recognize that the consumer continues to be under a lot of economic pressure.
William T. Giles: On that one, we're seeing a bit of an increase in health medical. And so we've seen some increase just over this most recent quarter on health medical. So we continue to evaluate it and take steps to be able to curtail that to the extent that we can, but there's been some pressure on that. And then maybe a little bit of pressure on casualty, but not as significant.
William T. Giles: I think it's a combination of both. I think our supply chain distribution people have really done a very good job of being able to operate a very efficient organization, and we always find some opportunities to be even a little bit more efficient. But it's a combination of some of the efficiencies that they've put in place as well as just leveraging off of the sales volume.
William T. Giles: Yes, I think that there's going to be some continued investments in Commercial as we continue to roll out new programs. If you recall, over probably the last 4 quarters, we've made investments in Commercial. We've also made some investments in our hub programs as well. So we think that the rate of growth will probably moderate relative to last year a little bit. But we're going to continue to invest back into the business to position ourselves for growth into the future.
William T. Giles: It probably will be a little bit higher than that, not so much on the Commercial but also on expansion of hubs, et cetera. So I think it'll be a little bit greater than that. But again, most of our capital is devoted to new stores, and then obviously, maintenance on existing stores. And then there's some dollars put aside for other expansion as well.
William T. Giles: Yes, I would say a combination of both. I think we're very encouraged with the performance that we've got out of the expansions that we've done up of this point. We've got about 145 hubs and we've always felt as though probably 2/3 of those required some level of expansion, and we recognize that it would take a few years to be able to accomplish that. So we would continue to expect to expand more hubs into the future.
William T. Giles: Well, we would expect that there's a little bit of a trend line there on some of them but we can't really know that for sure. So it certainly was a little bit of pressure for Q1, and we would anticipate it to be a little bit of pressure going forward, but probably not to that extent.
William T. Giles: It's so early, it's very difficult to add any color on it. I mean, we're just a week or 2 into the quarter. And the other important point to mention is, is that it is our lowest volume quarter, so it has a lot of seasonality to it. So we'll see how the quarter shakes out.
