William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. In wrapping up our thoughts on the quarter, I know many listeners are concerned about the future and where our industry sales trends are headed. Let me stress, we remain bullish on the health of our industry. We're excited about our sales opportunities heading into the fourth quarter. As previously mentioned, we have experienced unusual weather patterns for the last several months, and our sales have fluctuated positively and negatively, which isn't highly unusual. Our company has been successful over the long run because we remain patient and thoughtful on our execution, especially our execution at the store level. We remain committed to providing exceptional customer service in order to earn our customers' business every day. Before we conclude, I want to reiterate our team's commitment to our culture and our customers. Although our industry's performance has been strong, we believe our efforts have contributed significantly to our success, as evidenced by our sales and share growth in both retail and Commercial. We remain committed to continuing to improve our business model and our operations. We believe our business model is healthy, and we have material opportunities for further improvements from this point. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, we will continue to focus on our key priorities: Great People Providing Great Service!; profitably grow Commercial; leverage the Internet; and finally, our hub strategy. Our financial and operational performance has been strong for the first 3 quarters of our fiscal year. I want to again thank and congratulate our entire organization for their dedication to our customers, fellow AutoZoners, stockholders and communities. Our approach remains consistent. We're focused on succeeding in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, and we are optimistic and excited about the remainder of the year. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I think your point's an excellent point, Gary. And I'm not sure that we have a well-defined answer for it. I don't remember a weather -- a winter where the weather was as mild as it was and when spring came as early as it did. Clearly, and we said this on our second quarter call, our failure-related businesses did not perform as well during the winter as they have historically. What I don't know is if we get significant heat in the summer like we typically do, will we have increased rate of failures or lower rate of failures? I think that's yet to be seen. And I don't have a good proxy for assessing how we've done it in the past.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. I'll take both parts of that, Simeon. Yes, in places where we have more normalized weather patterns, we have definitely seen more normalized sales patterns. And that's happened for during this whole period, both during the wintertime, during the early spring and during the later spring. As far as the older Commercial programs, one thing that I think is important to highlight, and if you looked at the productivity of our Commercial programs, they haven't -- they weren't necessarily as strong in the quarter. Some of that gets into how -- when in the quarter we're opening those programs, so I wouldn't read too much into that. What I will say is we continue to be very pleased with the performance of our older programs as well as our newer programs. And you must understand that on the older programs, as we're opening some of these new programs, we are taking -- cannibalizing some of the sales of the older programs, but we're frankly quite happy with the progress that we're seeing on that front so far. And as far as specific customers, we continue to grow new customers. We continue to accelerate the growth rate of retained customers. And we unfortunately do lose customers, but we're losing them at a slower rate than we have historically had. So we feel good about all 3 of those metrics at this point.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. As we've talked about over, I guess, about the last year, we have returned to where we've been challenged on transaction count and have had negative transaction counts in our business each of the last 4 quarters. That trend didn't change significantly one way or the other during this quarter. As we've mentioned many times, some of it is structural in nature as the longevity of parts are much longer than they used to be. But the prices for those longer-lasting parts are much higher. So I don't think our point of view on transaction counts has changed any over the last year.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Can I build on that for a second, too? I think the most important thing is we don't think our oldest programs are mature. We think that they have tremendous upside from where we are today, so we don't know what the -- where the high watermark will be.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Here's how I'd address that, Matt. Every segment of Commercial programs that we have is continuing to increase. So our long-term opened stores are continuing to grow average weekly sales at a pretty healthy rate. And our new Commercial programs are coming out faster than they were before, and they're growing more rapidly. So we continue to be pleased on all fronts.
William C. Rhodes: I think that's correct. And I don't want to get into any more specifics. But that's generally accurate.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. They clearly produce substantially below where the other more mature programs are. But as I mentioned earlier, we're pretty enthusiastic because they're coming out at higher levels and they're growing more rapidly. And the other part of that, that you have to think about is we've opened -- kind of like in the retail sector, we've opened the best programs in the best markets already. So we're going down to the next tier of market potential, if you will, and they're coming in at higher rates and they're growing more rapidly. So we continue to be pretty excited about that. And that gives us greater confidence to continue to open more and more programs over time.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. Greg, those are great questions. And in all fairness, I wish I could quantifiably answer those with some sense of assurance. But even with hindsight and all the details that we have, I can't tell you exactly how much the third quarter benefited by it -- or the second quarter benefited by it and the third quarter was impacted by it. Something in your order of magnitude seems like it makes sense to me. And then moving into your second part of your question, what does this mean to the summer selling season? If it truly was that maintenance jobs that are normally performed when the weather improves were pulled forward earlier, then that should have no bearing on our summer months. What we don't know is the question that was asked earlier of the milder winter, did it put less stress on parts? Yes. Does that mean it's going -- more parts are going to fail in the summer? Or does it mean fewer parts are going to fail? And I think that's yet to be seen. I think the big thing from our point of view, we had a choppy month. We have those from time to time. We are not altering what we are doing in our business in any material way. We continue to believe that this industry is incredibly healthy. We have tremendous opportunities to control our own destiny. And so we're moving forward with our plans.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. We've been growing it but not on a material percentage of the business basis. But it continues to be a very important part of our offering.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think the big thing for us is as we continue to further penetrate the Commercial market, we continue to find opportunities in both our satellite stores and our hub stores to expand the mix. In very few instances have we expanded it to a point that we felt like we went too far. Many times, we expanded only to turn around and come back 6 to 12 months later and expand it again and have just as much upside as we had before. So I think our point of view is the farther we penetrate the Commercial market, it -- we basically increase the size of the market the more we penetrate it. And that allows us to productively add inventory more and more. And the funny thing is every time we add "Commercial or late-model products," we see significant amounts of sales on the DIY side of the business. So it very much helps the productivity of our overall model.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. Ultimately, I don't think there's any limitations other than limitations we put on ourselves. I'll start with the price notion. Clearly, for our best customers, we have differentiated pricing versus what we have in our retail customers. Our pricing seems to be well-accepted in the marketplace. I don't see that as any limitation. As far as our private label brand penetration, the way I always discuss this is if we had more national brands, we might be able to accelerate our growth faster than we are otherwise today. But the same would've been said in the retail business 20, 25 years ago, that if we would have the national brands, then we would've been able to grow more rapidly. I'm very pleased with the progression that we have in our business. I think our product offering provides great high-quality products at great prices backed by good warranties. And I think the longer we go, the more we see that the market is very accepting of those private labels. What was the third item? I forgot.
William C. Rhodes: I think we've addressed the availability thing. And as I've said, the more we address it, the more we realize we have farther to go, particularly with the hub stores. And as I mentioned, we spend a lot of time talking about the hub stores. And the fact that we still have over 50 of them that aren't the size or in the location that we want, that'll be a nice upside for us to be able to help both sides of our customers going forward.
William C. Rhodes: No, I think it's in pilot stages right now, and we're going to -- I'm sure we'll have to make some refinements to it. But then we'll be rolling it out as we move through the quarter and on into the first part of next year. All right. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model remains solid. We remain excited about our growth prospects for the year. We cannot take anything for granted as we understand that our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain successful. We have a solid plan for the fourth quarter of 2012, and our team is positioned to succeed. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we will continue to focus on the basics and never take our eye off of optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. We'd also like to wish everyone a happy and safe Memorial Day. It is important that we recognize our U.S. servicemen and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country and also honor those past and present for their dedicated service on our behalf. We thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Yes. We wouldn't comment specifically on our month overall, but we weren't negative in any month during the quarter. So again, as Bill mentioned, April, and I don't think it's unusual for any of the other retailers, was a little bit softer. We attribute a lot of that to the weather. Again, we don't see anything from a macro perspective or the behavior of our customers that would indicate to us that there's been a change in the health of the industry. So we remain relatively positive as we look into the summer months, and we'll continue to execute our strategies.
William T. Giles: Yes. Probably a little less than that. And frankly, Chris, I think that we're still monitoring and measuring the model, if you will, of how the Commercial programs mature. When you think about all the things that we've done to our Commercial programs over the last 3 or 4 years between the territory sales managers, some of the technology that we've added in, the hub stores, all the inventory we've put into the hub stores to improve our coverage overall, it's an evolving model. And as Bill pointed out before, our programs are opening up stronger today than they were a few years ago, and they're continuing to ramp. But we don't really know what the maturity curve ultimately will be. But we're pretty happy with the programs that we've opened up to date and the progress that we're seeing.
William T. Giles: Not dramatically. I think that both businesses were impacted to some level by some of the activity in April overall. So I don't think that I think we're immune to it. And certainly, segments or 2 businesses were immune to it at all.
William T. Giles: Well, I don't know over the next quarter or 2, but there's no question that we probably had a little bit of a mix change -- a little bit of a mix impact -- mix impacted our gross margin rate for the quarter. So you're right on that, Matt, that the mix of the products probably put a little bit of pressure on margin. The margin's still healthy and we feel pretty good about the direction it's headed in. But for this past quarter, we'd say mix was probably not helpful.
William T. Giles: I wouldn't hang it on distribution costs per se, although we continue to get some benefits on all fronts of the components of gross margin. So clearly, as you've heard us talk about over the last several quarters, shrink has been a benefit to us, and we've had some good benefits on that. We've had some benefits on distribution. Gross margin rate over quarters has been relatively healthy. As Matt mentioned earlier, the mix of business probably was a little bit of a headwind on our overall gross margin. But as we continue to grow the Commercial business, it will have a lower gross margin rate than retail. So as it migrates itself to becoming a larger percentage of our overall total business, it will continue to put pressure on gross margin. You just haven't seen it in the last few quarters because we've gotten some benefits from things like shrink, et cetera.
William T. Giles: I wouldn't say over what we planned on. I think that we are continuing -- obviously, those programs that are opening are obviously less mature. And so therefore, they do have a little bit of a headwind from an expense standpoint. So there are some incremental costs that are incurred in the startup phase of the Commercial programs but not different than what we anticipated. So we have pretty good line of sight relative to how and where we're spending our money.
William T. Giles: I'd say on a relative basis less, so I think that we're seeing a little bit less inflation than we probably did a year ago. And keep in mind also that when we talk about prices being higher that's somewhat inflation-related, there's also quality of product. There's innovation and technology enhancements that are being made to the products that create some level of inflation, albeit separate from commodity. But overall, we're seeing probably a little bit less inflation now than we were last year.
William T. Giles: Yes. I think that our inventory turn is relatively flat. I think that we've had good leverage on AP to inventory. And as we have mentioned a couple of quarters ago, we expect it to be around this number. It does have opportunity to improve, but this is probably a pretty good level.
William T. Giles: Our overall penetration of failure and maintenance hasn't really moved too much. So when you think about its contribution overall by quarter, it's been relatively consistent. So that's probably the best way to look at it, if you go back and look at it that way.
William T. Giles: Yes. I think trying to look at the specific gross margin rates of competitors is very challenging because there's very different elements in there. You don't know what's going on with shrink, you don't know what going on -- our distribution strategies are different. So looking at the macro number to me is challenging. What we look at is as how is our pricing versus the competitive marketplace. And we want to make sure that we are providing a great value for the price that we're offering our customers. And we seem to see that on both the sectors, we're doing just fine.
