Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We're pleased to report our 41st consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth delivering an EPS growth rate of 13% this quarter. While we continue to experienced more regional sales differences than usual, our company executed exceptionally well. Our focus remains on being successful over the long run. That success will be attributable to our approach of leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Before I conclude, I want to take this opportunity to highlight some of the exciting initiatives we have in store for fiscal 2017. We will continue to expand our AutoZone store footprint in the United States, Mexico and Brazil, opening approximately 200 locations combined. We will open roughly 200 additional commercial programs, our inventory availability efforts will expand with the opening of another handful of Mega Hubs and with the further expansion of multiple deliveries per week to 300 or so more stores. We've already opened our second distribution center in Mexico and we have two domestic distribution centers currently under construction. Our investments in technology continue to accelerate with an intensified focused on our online offerings. And lastly, we are talking more, more about saying, Yes, We've Got It to our customers. We are determined to meet all of our customer's needs in 2017. Our offerings are the best they have ever been and we are determined to communicate this to our customer base. At the end of the day, our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations. We're excited about our initiatives around inventory assortments and availability, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, All Data, e-Commerce, Brazil and IMC. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength and we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth into double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid, consistent strategy, combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and ensure and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC, each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. Now we would like to open up the call to questions.
Bill Rhodes: It's hard to say and to net out. So couple of things, one, I may not have been perfectly clear in my remarks. We’ve opened roughly 161 so far this year, we opened 161. We're going to open 300 more. So think about 100 per quarter for the balance of the year where we had been running at about 300 stores per quarter. So, we are deliberately slowing the rollout of multiple frequency of delivery. The biggest reason that we are slowing the rollout is because we put a massive amount of change on our supply chain over the last couple of years getting to these 2100 locations that are already on there. So just think about that, that’s 4200 incremental deliveries for our supply chain in just two years alone and that has just been a massive amount of change, and we need to slow down and let them absorb that change. We're also mindful that it does impact our cost structure, and so we want to slow it down mainly for the supply chain but also to make sure that we continue to have reasonable profitability, and as we mentioned it cost us roughly 15 basis points in the quarter but there are other costs that aren’t in that number just from the amount of change that we’ve had in our supply chain and those kind of things. So we're going to slow it down a little bit.
Bill Rhodes: Great question, Simeon. First of all, your assessment about what would happen without the week of the election is probably pretty accurate. We are running close to it two comp for the quarter. I do believe that there is still a headwind in our overall comp from the lingering effects of last year's mild winter. We said that it moderated but we still had a 250 basis point gap between what happened in those markets and what happened in the other markets. So to do the math, if there's 250 basis points, we ran a 1.6 comp, clearly those markets ran negative comp for the quarter. I believe just as we saw in 2012, once the effects of a cold winter hit, we will see improvements in our overall comps in those markets clearly. But I would also want to be careful it is not going to happen overnight and I'll give you some examples. Last year during this period of time in December, it was very robust and our sales were really strong but they weren’t strong in the categories that we traditionally sold, we were doing really well with things like under car brakes and the like chassis because the weather was conducive for people to do maintenance projects that they normally don't do this time of year. So we in essence, pulled brake business forward and we didn’t get the failure business. So we had a pretty strong Q2 last year, it was really Q3 and Q4 and now into Q1 where we saw the bigger impact from the lack of serious winter last year. So we’re excited that we're about to see the first really cold snap of the year. We're excitedly to see what that will mean to us but it'll be really Q3 before we expect to see any rebound.
Bill Rhodes: I think that in many cases the customers are saying, they’re probably omnichannel customers overall. They just may have different shopping needs at the moment so think about things like accessories et cetera, those might lend themselves a little bit more tuned online because they're not needed at the moment and there may not be a significant amount of advice required for making that purchase versus it could be the very same customer who wants to do a great job or wants to do engine management job but also wants to make sure that they know what they're doing. So they walk into the store and be able to see the product make sure it matches up with the exact fit et cetera, they may also want to get some repair instructions that they can get at the store and they may also need a tool that is very specific to that job that quite frankly they don't want to go out and spend the money to buy that tool for a one-time usage and they can come to the store for a longer tool. So I think that it's because it can be both the customer using both channels overall, just different purposes.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I would say that the AutoAnything business is obviously larger than the AutoZone e-commerce businesses from a shift to home perspective. AutoZone.com is really about being able to again create an omnichannel environment for a customer to come and be able to do research on products ensure that it's in stock and then possibly either buy it online or pick it up in store, buy it online have it shipped to home or just gain the information which is typically what happens and then go to the store for the purchase. So both sides were down and the number we reported is probably close enough for both and again different reasons but we did pull back from our sales perspective and also from paid advertising perspective.
Bill Rhodes: It's a great question Matt. First of all based upon our compensation programs and where we were, we didn't have terribly material changes to have to make. Certainly there were some people that we had to move up on the scale and we had already communicated that to them and so we're living up to that communication and we're sticking with the changes. You will not hear us call that out as a material driver of our labor going forward but there's a little bit of an impact there.
Bill Rhodes: Actually we will. Unfortunately, I mean - from an accounting perspective that came through that, I think will just create a little bit of volatility on the EPS number but we are committed to basically breaking it out for you guys so you can see in just as we did this quarter and our highlights page so you can see the breakout but yes it's basically a function of when options are exercised and there'll be an impact so we’ll report as we go forward.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I would say in fairness it's not a material dollar amount to the organization and so we can quantify et cetera but it's – it's not significant to the organization overall. But we’re more focused on as making sure that we have a great experience for our customers when they come to the website so that they can get all the information that they want, they can learn about product, find-out whether it tends stock pricing et cetera and then learn if it showing good, better, best et cetera and then go to the store and be able to purchase it or ship it to their home or buy online and pick up and store it. At the moment, many people come to the website to gain information before shopping at the store so that - what we're looking for is to ensure that we've got a great shopping experience in all different channels that the customers coming to. At the moment, many of them are coming to get information and then shopping at the store. However our buy online and pick up at store program albeit small is growing at a quick rate.
Bill Rhodes: No I think we probably don't need to be focused too much on a week or two and what happened. What we did say was we had closed at the end of the quarter. There was a lot of things going on at the end of the quarter, including the election. What we did say was we anticipate there will continue to be a gap this quarter, hopefully beyond that of close.
Bill Rhodes: We absolutely didn’t change our game plan one bit and won't change it going forward. When we talk about the election, in fact yes it was a little bit softer going into the election. A couple of days after the election, there were a lot of people -- there were a lot of people who were surprised by outcome of the election and we saw it clearly in our sales and then it kind of rebounded from there. So I don’t want to overplay that, but it clearly was a -- it was a meaningful difference for two or three days.
Bill Rhodes: I think clearly the closer we get the parts to the customer, we see improvements in closure rates and clearly the easiest way for us to see it and measure it definitively is with the Mega Hubs and the Mega Hubs are really performing well and that’s why we're pushing as hard as we can on the them to get that inventory closer and closer to the customer.
Bill Rhodes: I would say not significant Greg. We have a little bit of deflation, a lot of its oil related to some extent, but I would say there is a mix between category. Some categories did have inflation but let's just answer the question quickly and I would say not material.
Bill Rhodes: I wasn’t that specific Dan to be more specific than I appear to be. What I said was there was a notable meaningful drop in our sales call it Wednesday, Thursday and even into Friday. I think it's more driven by weather and other impacts but you can clearly see it for two or three days.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I would just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be very solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything at all for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We've a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call and we would like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous new year. Thanks for joining us today.
Bill Giles: Thanks Alan. Actually, ladies and gentlemen first, just to level set, it's not a material amount of business being conducted from an e-commerce perspective for AutoZone overall. Secondly during the quarter, we were little less promotional online, and we pulled back a little bit from some of our paid advertising as well. What we're more focused on is improving the experience for the customer; and as Bill mentioned before, we continue to drive a lot of sales through buy online and pick up in store, and that part of the business continues to remain very strong. From a pure ship to home basis on both AutoZone.com and AutoAnything, those were little softer during the quarter, but like I said, we - that we were a little less promotional during the quarter, and we're also investing some things in the platform that will probably slow us down a little bit as we continue to migrate through that. So when you think about e-commerce, we're not immune to sales through e-commerce, but at the same time, when you think about the experience that you have walking into an AutoZone store, there's a lot of trustworthy advice that’s taking place, and so when someone walks in and wants to buy a battery which you can't buy online because you can’t ship it, we’ll likely test your entire starting and charging system in order to ensure that that is the problem that you are - we are going to solve for you. So there's a lot of things that take place in the store between starters and alternators that are core - that have cores attached, that require those products to come back. There's an ability for an AutoZoner to walk out to the car and be able to assess and ensure that the customer is getting what they need and being able to resolve their issues and being able to see the part before they purchase it. So there's a lot of things that experience inside of a store that you can't duplicate online. Again we're not immune to online sales, but we believe that there are a lot of attributes that make it unique inside the store, the experience inside the store.
Bill Giles: Yes, I would say that, the 14 basis point is really what we can tie specifically to more frequent deliveries. We definitely believe that there is some overhang costs that are occurring inside the distribution centers that are probably related to that. We just didn't tag to it specifically, so our de-leverage on supply chain was in the mid-20s for the quarter but it was probably only 14 that we could specifically call for the actually -- more frequent deliveries. But we recognize look based on the run rate that we were going as far as the rollout is just prudent to pullback a little bit and be able to improve the efficiencies of the organization as we move through this but still committed to rolling it, we’re just going to roll a few left as we move forward. But going forward I would think it would be around 15 basis points and hope for the overall de-leverage to be a little bit less.
Bill Giles: Remember our comps this quarter were about 60 basis points ahead of where they were last quarter, I think it's fair to say I don't have it right in front of me but the balance of the chain ran about the same that they ran last quarter plus or minus 20 basis points.
Bill Giles: Yes, that’s a great question Matt, and I think as we've always said you know we’re going to play the environment we operate in, so we have managed costs tight during this quarter and the whole organization quite frankly has done a really terrific job of pitching in and finding opportunities for them to reduce cost during this quarter and as you know we get harsher weather as we progress through the year and sales get back to higher numbers than they are today, then we probably will invest a little bit back more into the SG&A and be able to support some of the things people may wanted to do this quarter that they were unable to do So I think will continue to manage it really tight and we’ll continue to play in an environment we exist in.
Bill Giles: I think that’s no different, that trend is no different than the trend that we have in people that are walking in the store today. It is very challenging to make sure that we're in stock when we have roughly 70% of the skews and the store have one piece on the shelf and frankly that's why we're doing this multiple frequency of delivery. Before if you bought at the first day we get the truck, we would be out for seven or eight days or trying to get it back in stock quicker for whether it's for the walk-in customer, the commercial customer and the online customer.
Bill Giles: Yeah, I would say our private label product is probably in the over 50%, probably in the 50% tile 50% to 55% overall. I would say that direct imports is probably in the teams kind of a number. As far as products that are sourced overseas that we sell in its entirety, it's got to be now with our around 70% I don’t know the number exactly, but it's probably pretty close to around that 70% number.
Bill Giles: I would say it's between those two. It's not the traditional 80-20. Generally when we're doing particularly with the Mega Hub inventory, that is newer vehicle inventory. So it skews towards commercial, but we're always amazed at how much we actually sell in DIY. So it's probably and it depends by category that’s hard to give you a generic answer, but it's probably in the 60-40 range.
Bill Giles: I think when you think about some of the impacts that we've had from the weather overall, I think that it was an overhang for both sides of the business quite frankly and so I think that we're optimistic as we head into fiscal 2017 with a normalized winter. I think the business overall should improve.
Bill Giles: We've always looked at -- as you know we always look at interest as an input cost overall. So there's a variety of input costs that it takes to manufacture a product whether it's the dealer energy or an interest as another component of that. So we'll just continue to manage that with our vendors like we do all other costs.
