Bill Rhodes: Thank you Bill. While we are encouraged with the start of our fiscal year, we are careful to not over-commit to any outcomes when it comes to our second fiscal quarter. The second quarter has perpetually been our most volatile quarter due to weather patterns, the holidays and timing of tax refunds. Last year, we were impacted negatively by the delay in income tax refund and the impact of a second consecutive mild winter. We did not foresee the impacts on sales these events would have on our business for the second and third quarters last year. While we are pleased with our progress and the acceleration in our business, we want to highlight some of the potential points of volatility, both positive and negative, in the upcoming quarter. One, if we experience a cold and high precipitation winter, our sales should be strong later in the quarter and into the balance of the year. Two, tax refund timing should be the same as last year. So it shouldn't have any bearing on our second quarter's results. As for Q3, we don't know if those sales will return. Three, as the holidays shift, we will loose two selling days in our DIFM business, which will negatively impact our sales growth in DIFM. It's important to note that this has an insignificant impact on our DIY business. Fourth and we encourage you to be mindful of the significant EPS benefit due to stock option exercises in the second quarter of last year and adjust for this non-operating unpredictable event. We are excited about our balanced model for growth around domestic, retail, commercial, international, online and pickup in store. We believe our hubs and mega hubs, Mexico, ALLDATA, e-commerce and our other businesses can all grow their toplines in 2018. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and we will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments. And we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2018 and beyond. As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their vehicles, we are committed to providing the trustworthy advice they expect. It truly is the value-add that differentiates us from other faceless transactions. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial websites and in-store experiences to provide even more knowledgeable service. We don't ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want. But today's customers do expect more information on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will continue to be for a long time. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 38 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now I would like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Thank you for the comment, Alan. I would say that the mega hub service in and of itself can drive between 1% and 2% growth in the local store. As far as the volumes go, the volumes are all over the spectrum, because we are trying anybody that's within a reasonable service area, we are providing service to them from mega hub. So they may be on the low end of the scale or they may be on the high end of scale. But generally they will grow between 1% and 2%. Some of the factors within that depend on whether or not they are serviced multiple times a day or once a day or serviced on an overnight basis. A big part of our strategy now as we mentioned, about 4,000 of our domestic stores already have mega hub service. But many of those today are only getting it on an overnight basis. As we continue to expand our mega hubs, which by the way we couldn't be more pleased with, as we continue to expand it will have more and more that will get same-day service versus overnight service and some of those will even get multiple times per day service from that mega hub. So it's all part of our objective to enhance inventory availability across the local marketplace.
Bill Rhodes: Number one, we have had many vendors that have had MAP pricing or some form of MAP pricing for years, if not decades. Dorman recently, I believe they went in October, so I think it's a little bit too early to tell what happens. They are making those decisions on their own. We certainly support our vendors in a way of making sure that there is price transparency and we are all providing great values to our customers over time. But that's their decisions, not ours.
Bill Rhodes: Sure. Thanks for the opportunity to clarify that, Chris. It's an excellent point. So one of our mega hubs, for instance, is in Los Angeles. Today that store may be providing service to San Diego but it's doing it on an overnight basis. As we potentially build a mega hub in a San Diego type market, then all of a sudden those stores can move from overnight service to same-day service. It's simply the proximity of this location of the store to the mega hub. It's got to be, if they are within 100 miles, we might be able to service them three times a day. If they are 200 miles, we might be able to get there one time a day. If they are 400 miles, we got to get there overnight.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We haven't laid it out because part of it is, we are looking and learning about the economics of this as we go. As you mentioned, we have 18 today. We said in our prepared remarks, we are going to 25 this year, hopefully if we can get them all open. That's our plan. But when we originally rolled it out, we said 25 to 40 and we have made a small tweak in what we were saying, we don't talk about 25 anymore because we are going to be there by the end of the year. We say up to 40 and the more we learn about it someday that number could go up as well. It's been on of those initiatives that continues to outperform our expectations. And as it outperforms our expectation, it allows us to expand it further. But I also think it's important to understand we are also not competing in a stagnant environment. Our competitors are also, be them the public companies that you are accustomed to or the warehouse distributors, everybody's changing their operations and we are looking at ways to enhance our competitive position.
Bill Rhodes: Thanks Marr for that question. I think it's a great question. If you will recall on the last quarter, I talked about the fact that the perception of our industry's performance over the last two or three quarters was that we had reached a new all-time low in performance. And I was very careful to talk about that. But that truly wasn't the case. So if you looked at our industry's performance or AutoZone's performance over a five or 10 year period of time, that our performance last year was operating within the normal bands of what we have experienced. They were towards the lower end but it was not -- we weren't dealing with catastrophic performance. I cautioned everybody because with that notion of, oh, things are so bad, then all of a sudden they are going to, the pendulum is going to swing and they are going to be fantastic. We went and said, no. We believe they will get better and operate in this normal band. I think I talked about, we were like 140 basis points below our average for the last five years. And so we would translate, yes, we think that they will improve particularly when some of these factors, these macro factors that we can't do anything about, like two mild winters and the late tax refunds, once those normalize we should we believed and continue to believe we would go back to that normal band. Now in Q1, we outperformed our expectations. But part of that outperformance was the 50 or 60 basis points from the hurricane impacted markets. But we are pleased with the performance that we have seen in our store's sales, both on the retail and particularly on the commercial side in Q1. But I was also very intentional about making comments about Q2 only because Q2 is incredibly volatile. If the weather hits and hits at right time, our sales could be really strong. If we have a third consecutive mild winter, it will take some momentum out of it. We just have to be careful and part of what I am trying to say is, let's understand that Q2 the very low volume quarter. We are closed a few days during the quarter. It's our lowest one quarter of the year and I, for one, don't want to put too much focus on Q2. If we get a strong winter, we believe Q2 and the latter part of Q2 will be strong and more importantly we believe the balance of the year will be more positive. But we also continue to believe that we will operate in a normalized band that we have been in for five or 10 years.
Bill Rhodes: I think there will be a little bit of spillover into Q2 from it, Matt. What generally happens, when the storm hits, we are closed for days. And so we actually take a net negative for the first week or so. And then as the markets began to recover, we see increased economic activity and it lasts for three or four months. It depends on the order of magnitude of the store, but we would expect to see some benefit, probably not a benefit that we would be calling out on the next quarter, but some benefit early in the second quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think I haven't seen enough and it is very hard to see the industry growth perspective on commercial on a short term period. Over the long term, we believe we have a pretty good handle and it's growing around 4.5%. In short terms, it's hard to see that. I think what is improving in our performance is our team's core blocking and tackling is getting better. We have been talking a lot about getting the store managers and the district managers more engaged in the business. And I think that that's helping over time. Our sales teams continue to get better and better. And inventory availability were the biggest reason we are doing the mega hubs and the MFD to try to spur on commercial growth. And I think those efforts are beginning to help us in commercial. I think it's also important to highlight, we grew almost 7%. So we are close to 2X the growth of the market.
Bill Rhodes: Well, I don't think you need to even try to characterize it. We are not running this business for a couple. We are 2.5 weeks into our quarter and who knows what's going to happen. So it will start getting cold this week. It's not about what happens between Thanksgiving and December 15, it's really what happens from December 15 to February 10. That will really be the deciding factor.
Bill Rhodes: We have historically. To answer the first part of the question, we haven't seen a significant amount of inflation and frankly we haven't for probably a couple of years now. And so historically, we have had been able, as an industry, to push much of that cost along to the consumer. So today we don't see that changing necessarily but we will have to wait and see when it comes.
Bill Rhodes: So I think, number one, both parts of our business saw acceleration during Q1. Commercial is a little bit more visible to you because we call it out specifically. But both of them improved in Q1. As we look at what's going on with the industry, part of what's happened is those mild winters have put less strain on the under car components. So think about chassis and brake components and shocks and struts. That didn't go away when the summer went. That lack of wear and tear has continued and those jobs are done, by both DIYers and DIFMers. So that's why it impacts both markets in a similar fashion.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think there is no question about it. And as I mentioned, those are really good markets for us and historically really good markets. But because the weather patterns can be so extremely different, they are more volatile. It's not as predictable as California, for instance, where the weather patterns are pretty predictable what you are going to get. You don't know what you are going to get in the Upper Midwest and therefore we just have to deal with it. There is nothing that we can do to plan our business any differently or anything like that. We just have to ride the storm, on both the good side and the bad side.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I guess I would say, it's very similar to what we said about online, the mass merchants, they have been competing in our industry for longer than I have been here. And so I haven't seen any significant change in how they are going to market or impacting our business one way or the other.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. There certainly is a difference, Dan. It's probably not as big as you would expect, because you have got to remember, these SKUs that we are talking about are really on the tails of the bell curve and so having them available even for next day, they will be there first thing in the morning and when you talk about some rural markets or those kind of things, that's pretty amazing that we can get them there. So there is a difference, but it's not 50% or so.
Bill Rhodes: All right. Before we conclude the call, I would like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be very solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call. And we would like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous new year. Thank you for your time today.
Bill Giles: Sure. Yes. I don't think there is anything in the tax bills that we are aware of today that would concern us per se. Obviously as you mentioned, the tax rates being lower on a corporate basis for most retailers will be very beneficial. And so we expect it to be a positive. We will wait and see what ultimately comes out of committee and what gets signed including the timing of the implementation and plan accordingly. But certainly from a capital allocation strategy, we expect our strategy to continue to remain intact and feel really good about it.
Bill Giles: Yes. I wouldn't categorize it as closed, per se, Matt. But you are totally right. We have anniversaried a lot of the impact that we have had and so we expect to see more normalized going forward. And I think the supply chain team has done a terrific job of managing it in spite of opening two distribution centers over the last six months.
Bill Giles: No. We think that that 5% range captures those headwinds. And those headwinds are, as Bill talked about before, you have got a little bit of wage rate pressure that continues to exist although the team has done a terrific job of managing our way through that and we have a little bit of occupancy pressure as you are seeing that coming from mega hubs and hubs as well as we are seeing rising real estate tax costs across the country as well. So those are some of the things that are little bit of headwinds. We think we can manage our way through those. But I think that that's a pretty good run rate to look at.
Bill Giles: Yes. I think that we kind of think about it as we feel good about our capital allocation strategy. That remains intact. It served as well over time. We will continue to invest in those initiatives that we believe will result in adequate returns to the corporation overall. We will continue to invest in our infrastructure and we will continue to execute our capital allocation strategy. Time will tell. I mean the bill hasn't yet. So we will have to wait and see what's in the final bill and the timing of it.
Bill Giles: Well, of course, the earnings growth will be below of EBIT. So the question really is, you are asking what's going to happen below the EBIT line. And obviously that's going to increase. But we don't see, from a tax perspective, something changing fundamental to the operating margin of the organization.
Bill Giles: Yes. I think as we think about it, Dan, we think of it more positively than that. And so we continue to believe that there are opportunities for us to expand gross margin. Certainly, as we continue to increase some of our direct import initiatives, that will help reduce some of our acquisition costs. And so we continue to believe that there are opportunities to lower acquisition cost. There will probably continue to be opportunities to optimize the expenses, both in supply chain and in shrink. But we will always continue to have some pressures from a competitive set and an industry set relative to promotions, et cetera. So I think overall we are somewhat bullish relative to gross margin going forward. And if you look over time, you are right, we have done a terrific job in spite of a lot of things going on of continuing to increase our gross margin. So it remains healthy and we feel positive about it going forward.
Bill Giles: That's the outlook we have always had. I wouldn't say that we have seen any change necessarily from that perspective whatsoever. I was just trying to balance out the positive aspects of gross margin offset by some of the pressures that you might always consider. But overall, again, we continue to believe our margin remains seeing positive outlook.
Bill Giles: I think and I said the back of the quarter and also the balance of the year. So last year, we did get a cold snap and it was December 1 to Christmas. And so we had some real strong sales during that period of time and then it got warm. Also, so if the weather hits, it's going to hit a little bit later than it did last year and we should see the strength in the back half. The other part of it is, there is kind of the tale of two stories on what happens with this extreme winter weather. One is, when it gets really cold really fast, we get an immediate bounce on our business like in batteries. But what happens over time in the longer tail on the winter is, when the road conditions get bad, we will get a longer tail on under car parts, chassis, breaks, ride control, those kind of things. Those are things that you wake up that day and your car can't get you to work, those are things that they put more stress on the components and so the maintenance cycles accelerate. So that will put a tail not only for the back half of Q2 but on into Q3 and some into Q4.
Bill Giles: Yes. We are not really, we don't think about on a same-store sales basis like that, Mike. And everybody wants to be able to think through that way. I think we are just thinking about there is opportunities for us to improve gross margin. We talked about the operating expense growth rates. And so, just those are the ways you should be thinking through your model overall. But I mean, look, we feel great about the health of the industry. We feel good about the momentum that we have got. And so we are encouraged by the business.
