William C. Rhodes: Gary, I don't know that we're focused that intensely on what's going to happen over the immediate short term. What we're more worried -- more focused on is what do we think the long-term trajectory of this business is. And as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, we clearly believe that there is some portion of our softness is due to the weather, the lack of winter that we had in Great Lakes and Northeast last year. We would anticipate annualizing that late winter, early spring. As far as whether or not it gets more challenging between now and then, we didn't do a great job of forecasting how our business was going to trend during the summer. We have not been through this before. We had such a mild winter. And frankly, we performed a little worse than we anticipated in the fourth quarter. So I have a hard time projecting what's going to happen in the first quarter. What I do know is we need to stick to our game plan. We need to obviously manage our expenses and capital very closely, but this is a time where we just need to stick to our plan and be consistent.
William C. Rhodes: That's correct, yes, yes. Again, 2.1% comps with 17.8% earnings per share growth, that's a pretty great result.
William C. Rhodes: I think overall, our performance both in those markets and overall, it fluctuated some. But it wasn't a material story one way or the other.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think the failure continued to perform generally consistent with how it was [ph]. Actually, discretionary has been a little bit positive -- more positive in the last quarter or 2. And I think that's because our team in the discretionary parts of the business have really done some great work and are improving our businesses in those areas. But the big story, obviously, was the maintenance items.
William C. Rhodes: Well, the stores that aren't in the 3,000, they don't have the Commercial programs. So they might do just a little snippet of business but nothing of any significance. As part of the stores that are supported by the hub stores, one of the things we've done is we've significantly expanded the number of stores that are serviced by the hub store. Some of them are serviced on a same-day basis, the vast majority of them, and some of them are serviced on an overnight basis when they're in very remote areas. We're continuing to work to try to reduce the number of stores that are on an overnight basis. And when we take them from an overnight basis to a same-day basis, we see a material change in the amount of products that they're able to sell.
William C. Rhodes: I think the big story on inflation is last year in the fourth quarter, we had some very significant inflation due to the run-up in commodities. And now as we've lapped that, we don't have the same trajectory, and it has impacted us on our average ticket growth. One thing we didn't really hit on is our customer count trends have generally been fairly consistent with the last 6 quarters or so. The real negative benefit [ph] has been in average ticket, and a lot of that was not changes that happened this year but the lack of the significant inflation that we had last year once we annualized it.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think first of all, the brake business has been a challenging business for us, and we do attribute some of it to the weather. You think about what happens in the winter when you have snow and ice, there's worsening of -- they have to remove the snow and ice. There's corrosion that occurs that impacts the brake pads and the rotors specifically, and then there's also bad road conditions, which will impact things like our chassis business. So I think there's a lot of areas where the weather does impact it. Clearly, oil changes aren't a significant one, and our oil change business is not -- it's done fine, but it's not one of the standout categories where we're challenged.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, the challenge that I have with that basic premise is it's not about overnight delivery. It's about same-day delivery. And so our focus is about getting same-day delivery on a multiple time per day basis. So we can get products in there overnight. We just don't have to run a distribution truck to the market. We do it via FedEx. So we'll see as we progress. Yes, we are smaller than everybody else. I think we're also growing much more rapidly than everybody else. I think we are very pleased with the trajectory that we have in that business and our strategy. And I'm sure we'll learn things as we go forward. But our expectation is that our distribution strategy will remain the same. The hubs have been an integral part of our -- in the build on our hub to our overall distribution strategy. And then the way we do it today is very, very cost efficient, and we also think being cost efficient is always incredibly important.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Matt. And we've been looking at this very hard. And admittedly, as we've said in our prepared remarks, we don't have all the answers. But we've looked at it very closely and very close in those regions based upon category performance. And every time we look at categories that are impacted by winter weather, those are the categories that are seeing the degradation. The other categories continue to perform fine. So that indicates to me that it's not being driven by age of vehicle. One of the challenges that we clearly do have is our consumer continues to be pressured. It's been a long economic cycle, and particularly the low end consumer is continuing to have very difficult challenges. Could they be deferring some of those maintenance items longer? Yes, but I don't know that they're necessarily that much more impacted in the Midwest and the Northeast than they are in the Southeast, for instance.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. The average ticket deterioration, it's still very positive, but it's not as positive as it's been in the past. And the pressure on that is really not what's happened this year. It was much more what happened last year where we had some significant inflation in commodity prices. And then there are a few places where there was a drastic change. For instance, our 134 refrigerant had a massive price reduction in the marketplace this year, and that rolled through, particularly on the Commercial side of the business, and pressured us. You had a second part that I forgot.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. We are not seeing that at all. I think our mix continues to be very similar to the way that it's been over time. We introduce certain mix category, in certain categories. And we'll see a change when that happens. But when we see the mix offering being consistent, then our sales continue to be very similar.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, let me make sure and clarify. I didn't say that the discretionary were doing in those 3 regions. They're doing better overall. But the things that we've done in the discretionary business -- number one, our discretionary business was very challenged in 2008 to 2011. So our team is working very hard to come up with new ideas, new products, new presentation techniques. And most of the tactics that they're deploying are very different tactics than you would deploy on trying to sell maintenance items. Number one, there's no presentation of them. They're all behind the counter. And the product extensions aren't as innovative, if you -- I would say.
William C. Rhodes: Well, I think number one, ALLDATA and the team in ALLDATA has really done great job since we've owned them since 1996. They've got a great differentiated product in the North American market, and now we're going to take it to Europe. As far as whether or not ALLDATA gives us insights into Western Europe in particular for new store growth or expansion on an international basis, I wouldn't really say that is driving it at all. We are just now planting a flag in Brazil, and that will be our first time to have stores outside of North America. We're very focused on how do we go down there with a small test and ensure that this model can expand even further. So that's our thinking at this point in time. But I was very -- I was over there last week at Automechanika for the launch of ALLDATA Europe. Number one, we've got a great team over there, both the team that's over there selling the product and the team that developed the product in the United States. But most importantly, the customer reactions to the live product at Automechanika were very exciting. And it's a very differentiated product over there, so we're bullish on how it will do. It's not going to be a material contributor to our financial results in the short term, but it can be a very nice business over the long term.
William C. Rhodes: Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the new year. We cannot take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition, and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan for 2013, and our team is positioned to succeed. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we will continue to focus on the basics and continue to focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value. We are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. Thank you very much for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
William T. Giles: Yes, we were actually very pleased with gross margin. I think the merchandising organization did a very good job of managing and improving our gross margin rates overall. And it was highlighted by lower acquisition cost. So as we kind of look through -- forward to 2013, we remain relatively optimistic that we can continue to improve gross margin, as we said, in both sides of the business overall.
William T. Giles: Yes, I wouldn't say we're managing necessarily to a 3% comp. I think some of the things that we tried to articulate throughout the call is that we're very focused on some of the key initiatives that we have in place. And so the hub stores, the expansion of the Commercial programs, we believe those are all very important and create a very strong foundation for the organization going forward. So we're not managing it to 3%. Now having said that, we think we have historically been very good about managing our expenses in response to our overall sales trends. But we're going to continue to focus on our initiatives, particularly since we don't really see a fundamental change in the business today. We think that there's really nothing that's changed with our consumers significantly other than some of the things that Bill talked about relative to the regional disparities that we've had across the country.
William T. Giles: Yes, I mean, the way we look at it is that, and Bill talked about it on his prepared remarks earlier, the hub model allows us to have same-day delivery. We're trying to get inventory forward deployed into the marketplace on a more efficient basis and leveraging those 149 hubs in order for us to have inventory that we can say yes to the customer at that day. We also have, through our vendor direct program, overnight possibilities through our vendors being -- supporting us by delivering product on an overnight basis. So we think that we've got a model that is most effective and efficient both as we go forward. You've seen us continue to invest in the hub stores.
William T. Giles: I would overall, no. But on a category-by-category basis, I'm sure there's some categories that have experienced some deflation.
William T. Giles: Yes. Just to clarify, I would say that on the DIY side, that the markets were consistent with the prior year. And their performance was consistent. You indicated they were higher than, I think, the 4.5 or whatever. They were consistent with how they performed last year. And so we're not breaking out exactly what each region did from a comp store sales performance. And then on the Commercial side, 15% below, not 15 -- yes, 15% below.
William T. Giles: I guess the way I would look at it is that those 3 regions performed differently than the rest of the country and materially performed lower than they did in the previous year. The other regions performed consistent with the way they performed the previous year.
William T. Giles: The May quarter? They were up a little bit. Flattish, I guess, is what I would say. It's probably the easiest way to say it, they were flat.
William T. Giles: I don't think so. I think what's helped us to be able to accelerate the Commercial program are the investments that we've made in our overall infrastructure. I mean, we've got territory sales managers out there that continue to mature in their positions. We've added technology to help improve their productivity. We've added more inventory into the marketplace. The hub stores are a key part of that. So we're certainly far more competitive today than we were 3 years ago, and you can see by the number of programs that we opened this past year that we have a lot more confidence in our overall model and our ability to capture market share going forward.
William T. Giles: That's a good question, John. I think on the insurance one, certainly that was a headwind for the last 4, 5 quarters. We continue to work that one and hope to make some improvements on that. When you think about expenses overall, we expect to continue to be prudent relative to how we're going to manage our expenses. And so where we have opportunities to reduce expenses, we're going to do that. And at the same time, we're going to continue to manage payroll appropriately as well. And so as we have some softness in sales this quarter, obviously, we deleveraged payroll little bit. And so we'll continue to manage that. The most important thing, and obviously, everybody always says this, is that we want to make sure that we continue to provide the best customer service we can, and customer-facing expenses are the last thing to cut. But in the meantime, there are always opportunities within our organization, and our organization is very focused on that right now and making sure that we manage our expenses appropriately.
William T. Giles: Yes, I mean, it's hard to say where we see the sweet spot necessarily. I mean, we've had a real advantage, as you've seen. And I'd look at it over just the last year. But if you look at it over the last, maybe, 4 years, say, we've seen a pretty good change in the age of vehicles overall. That may moderate a little bit, but it continues to be a benefit. And so we always used to say that vehicles 7 years old or older are our kind of vehicles. And now with an average age of well over 10 years, that's a significant population of cars that are in our sweet spot.
William T. Giles: Well, obviously, that age has moved out over time. And so I think that, that is as much of an economic issue as it is anything else. And so I think that's availability, credit, economic turnaround, et cetera, relative to new car sales. But either way, it's been a slow movement to get to where we are, and I don't expect to see any abrupt changes in the future.
William T. Giles: Not on the age of vehicles. Probably not the age of vehicles, Michael. When we talk about outside of weather, I mean, just to be clear, those 3 regions behave differently. At the same time, we don't want to sit here and just peg the quarter on weather. And so clearly, we can draw a lot of analogies to how those 3 regions performed overall, and we struggle to find any other macro corollaries to the performance of those regions. Having said that, we're always going to be conscious of the fact that maybe it isn't totally weather, and we're going to continue to take actions and strategies within our organization to be able to respond to any conditions that we have.
