William C. Rhodes, III: That's a great question, Alan. How are you? I would say, first of all, all indications that we see are that the total tax refund dollars will be the same as they have been the last few years, so that is a good thing. The piece that we don't know and which is unchartered waters for us is the timing is going to be delayed significantly more than it has been in the past. We've had times where it's been a week or a week-and-a-half. This time there was a full three-week or more delay for the most significant of those refunds. And so, one thing that we question – we don't have any facts to know whether it's good, bad, or indifferent for us is with the timing being in a different time of year, do more of those dollars come into our sector or do more of those dollars go into another sector. We don't know the answer to that, so we're somewhat going to have to wait and see what happens.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah. Great. First of all, I would start with hubs. We've got 183 or so hubs that are out there today. They are tried and true. We first started them around 2000-2001. We somewhat deemphasized them in the middle 2000s and realized in 2008 or 2009 how vitally important they were, so we rejuvenated them in 2008 or so, and they have been humming right along ever since. That gave us the insight that expanded parts coverage is a material differentiator in the marketplace. So, then we came up with the concept of mega hubs, which basically doubles the number of SKUs that we carry in the local marketplace that takes it to 80,000 to 100,000 SKUs. Ever since we began talking about the mega hub, every time we've talked about it, we've said they continue to exceed our performance. I don't know that we could be more bullish or more open about how good that has worked for us so far. So, we're really excited about that. Everybody keeps asking us why don't we go faster. I promise you we're going as fast as we can, but a big part of this is finding really high-quality retail space that's 30,000 square feet. That's not easy to do. I think our teams have done a great job getting the 13 that we have open. We have about five or so more to open in the second half of the year. We hope to be able to open 25 to 40. We're still trying to figure out what that right number is. As we continue to outperform, I think that makes the likelihood of the number being higher rather than lower. And then, the third one is...
William C. Rhodes, III: The third one is multiple frequency of delivery, MFD, for us. And that one's been a little bit of a mix bag. So far, we absolutely believe it's the right thing to do. But we've gone and we've changed a significant amount forever. In our 37-year history, the vast majority of our stores we've delivered once-a-week and so our replenishment algorithms are based on once-a-week deliveries. Our DCs and the way they're structured are set for once-a-week deliveries. Our stores and the way they put up trucks are set for once-a-week deliveries and on and on and on. And as we've gone further, if you know, we kind of slowed this one down about six months ago. We slowed it down because we started to uncover some unintended consequences that were happening as a result of those changes. We still believe, this, in some form, is going to be the right thing to do for our customer and for our business. We still got quite a bit of work to do to make sure that we optimize it. So, that one is still a little bit in flux, the other two are tried and true. They're in full implementation mode. We just got some work to do to refine MFD. Sorry, Alan.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah, that's what's happened with some of them. Some of them are on a piece of property where we can add another 15,000 square feet and so we've done that. Others of them are landlocked and it may be a great hub store that's in the right place, but we have to move it because we've got to get a bigger facility. It's strictly about the size of the facility.
William C. Rhodes, III: I think, first of all, we did intentionally slow down the multiple frequency delivery rollout. We actually tipped that on the last call that we were going to move from 300, 350 stores a quarter to 100 stores in a quarter, and that's what we did. And we did that because it's causing quite a bit of change and with change comes some disruption in our supply chain and we wanted to slow it down so that we can work through some of those elements to change management. And honestly, it's had the desired result. I think things are settling down a bit in our distribution centers. We added a tremendous amount of workload to them over the last couple of years, so we're pleased with that change. Clearly, that has resulted in some increased cost in our supply chain. You saw that called out in our press release. Part of that was due to MFD. Part of that was also due to the significant decline in sales that we had in the last three weeks. So, I think, as we think about it going forward, we've been sayings it's 15 or 20 basis points of headwind going forward. Regarding the shrink question, I wouldn't necessarily draw a direct correlation in slowing down MFD and an increase in shrink. As Bill previously stated, I do think we've been moving a lot of inventory throughout our network over the last couple of years. And when you move inventory, the more times you handle it, the more susceptible you are to shrink. I again want to say what he said. We've had unprecedented improvements in our shrink expense over the last six years. It's going the other way now, but I am highly confident that our team will get back out in front of it and control it effectively. The only problem is, when shrink starts going one way or the other, it has a bit of a tail to it and takes some time to turn around; but, I think we would expect that to be a bit of a headwind for the balance of the year.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah. I think the second part of your question is yet to be determined. Historically, we think we've recaptured them. This time, as I said earlier, the timeframe is significantly different, so we'll have to wait and see a little bit. I think – the parts categories, yeah, there's some differences. I don't think there's really any material differences in which categories respond differently. There's some of them deferred maintenance categories, like brakes, where you'll see a more pronounced difference. Failure category is a little bit less pronounced because you have to get the car up and running that day. You asked specifically about differences between retail and commercial, and I would say it's definitely more pronounced in retail; but, as it lingered, we saw it increase in commercial. All of this is going to play itself out over the next three weeks or four weeks. We think it is transitory in nature. There's nothing we could have done about it. As we now look back on it, I don't think there's anything we would do differently as a result. We'll just somewhat have to deal with the consequences of them trying to deal with fraud, which I think is the right thing to do.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah, to me, that's the most germane question that we're talking about. We loved what happened in December. Last year, we didn't have that kind of winter weather, and it was very encouraging to us. All the long-term forecasts said that it was going to last longer and be more pronounced, but basically as soon as we got through the Christmas holidays, the weather got much more mild. We would have preferred that December would have repeated itself in January. In the past, we've had a very mild winter followed by a more normalized winter, and we've seen those sales rebound in the spring and, particularly, in the summer. We're a little bit uncertain as we go into this year. We think, clearly, some of the deferred maintenance items that were pulled into December and January last year, that did not happen, so we would anticipate getting those deferred maintenance items in the third quarter and in the beginnings of the fourth quarter. But as far as failure items, because of the difficult winter, I think it's still yet to be seen, so – chassis parts and brakes and the like. So, we're going to have to wait and see if it's a little bit of a different cycle for us.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah. I would say, number one, we're much more mature in our retail business than we are in our commercial business. So, any macro headwinds or tailwinds we see more pronounced in the retail business. But clearly, every time we've seen it, it has been a bigger impact on retail than it has commercial. This time, we clearly saw it in commercial; although, it lagged a week-and-a-half or so.
William C. Rhodes, III: I would say, no. I would say we are continuing to execute our strategy. And I also want to say our head's not in the sand. We're very much cognizant of what's going on in and around us, but I would say our pricing philosophies, our advertising philosophies to-date have not changed as a result of any competitive threat. I would say we're constantly looking for ways to optimize our pricing and we're constantly looking for ways to improve our advertising. And clearly, digital advertising is becoming more and more important, whether that's going up against an online-only competitor or going up against traditional brick-and-mortar competitors. That is becoming a more and more important element, but I don't see that as a shift because of online competition.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah, sure. Last week, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday I think there was something like $70 billion of tax refunds that were released, not that we're paying attention. We clearly saw our sales increase as a result of that. I want to be really careful about getting into too finite of issues on what's going on day-to-day or even over a weekend. We're in this business for the long term. But clearly, as those large amount of refunds hit the market, we saw a pickup in our business. And I'll leave it at that.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah. I don't think there's any question that they're priced below us in many different cases, but I think the value proposition is extraordinarily different. Number one, the convenience factor, you can walk into our store and the sense of immediacy, particularly if you have a failure part that's right at your hand, so you can get back on the road immediately versus having to wait overnight or a couple of days in most cases. I don't think many consumers today are willing to wait when their car is down for that. So, that's one element. There are many elements. Another element is we've got tremendous trustworthy advice in our AutoZoners in-store. That comes with a cost and, therefore, it's part of the value proposition. But for an AutoZoner to help a customer figure out what is going on with their vehicle and what the solution is, there's value to the customer in that. We do core returns – a significant amount of our sales come with a core return where they're to take that core back and on and on and on. So, I think we feel like there's a significant value proposition differential between us and any online competitor. And what happens with that over time, we'll see. We've dealt with price competition for years. And some of that price competition, for instance, is in mass merchandising, and we've effectively managed through that over the years because there's a different value proposition. So, we don't see it necessarily any different.
William C. Rhodes, III: So, a core return is, if you buy an alternator from us, we will sell you the alternator for, let's say, $100, and has a $25 core because the old alternator is – it's a remanufactured alternator and the old alternator is the raw material to make the next one, so there's a deposit, if you will, is what a core charge is. So, the point is there's a tremendous reverse supply chain in this business that doesn't exist in many other businesses. A lot other businesses can talk about returns, but this one has a significant reverse supply chain. On buy-online pickup-in-store, it's not a significant part of our business today, so I don't want to overstate that. And then you asked how are we going to determine what this right price differential is over time. I think we're going to do it just the same way we've done the last 37 years. It's trial and error. We've had different competitive channels over the years and we have very effectively been able to optimize our pricing in light of the different competitive sets and I think we'll continue to do that.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah. Dan, I wouldn't overstate their role into South Florida. We have different competitors that are going into different parts of the country all the time. Clearly, Florida is a strong market for us, but we're not the most dominant player as far as store count in Florida. There are others that have significantly more stores than us. I don't think we're seeing anything different in Florida than we've seen as we've had competitive encroachments in other parts of the country.
William C. Rhodes, III: Yeah. I would start with, first of all, we're very pleased with the performance of our Mexico business. I think our team down there has done a superb job of managing in light of this significant devaluation of the peso. Frankly, this all started a couple of years ago and, if you recall, we were talking last year that we thought it would kind of be a one-time deal and then would have muted impact going forward. That clearly has not happened. Post the election, the peso significantly deteriorated yet again. We can't manage the peso. We can go off and hedge, but we've elected not to do that. We've elected to try to do most of our hedging by buying in local currency and, therefore, we hedge the product cost versus hedging the profitabilities. But at the end of the day, if there's a deterioration in the peso, it hurts our U.S. dollar profits. But at the end of the day, we would be doing the same thing in Mexico that we've been doing all along, and it's been a good business for us and we anticipate it being a good business for a long time.
William C. Rhodes, III: I think it's multifaceted. Number one, yes, we're out communicating to our customers Yes! We've Got It in a way that we never have before. We believe we can do that because we're in a better position than we ever have been before. So, I would add a lot of the emphasis to just strictly the improvements that we have in inventory availability. And then as we've talked over the last year, another big part of what we're trying to do is significantly increase the engagement of our store managers and our district managers in this business. Many of us, myself included, grew up with the retail business. And so, for lack of a better term, it's kind of our comfort zone or our fast ball. We've got to force ourselves to get deeper and deeper into the commercial business and I think we're doing that over time and I think that will pay long-term significant dividends.
William C. Rhodes, III: Okay. Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I would like it take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be very solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the balance of the year. We'll not take anything for granted, as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
William T. Giles: That's a good question. I mean, we've had really a number of years of unprecedented shrink results, they've been really historically low, and now we're seeing that turn the other way. And we recognize, as you highlighted, we've made a lot of changes, as Bill just kind of walked through a little bit on some of the inventory availability initiatives, particularly on more frequent deliveries. So, we've introduced a lot more activity in the supply chain and the store operations and suspect that that probably has contributed a little bit, but I would expect that headwind to continue for a little bit of time. It takes time for shrink to be able to turn around. It's not something that's going to turn around in a particular quarter, but I suspect it will continue to improve and the teams are working really hard to be able to bring it down.
William T. Giles: Yeah, that's a good question, because when you look at our gross margin, we've rifle shot at two (42:50) particular individual items, both supply chain, which is inventory availability initiatives that we're very conscious (42:57) about; shrink, which has been in the historic lows and now a little bit higher. Past that, our gross margin rate is very healthy. We have not seen any kind of pricing activities in the marketplace that I would consider to be disruptive. Our merchandising organization continues to work very hard at lowering acquisition costs and have been very successful at it. So, overall, I would categorize our gross margin is very healthy. It continues to be very healthy in rational industry. We've got a couple of items that are in our control, and we're working hard at reducing them.
William T. Giles: No, and I'm not so sure that we have access to slice it that way. I mean, from our perspective, the 2.8% increase for 2016 is a great number. I mean, for us to be able to be anything above a 1% on miles driven is a really solid number. And so, it's going to reflect more wear and tear, and we feel really good about where the age of the vehicles are and the increased wear and tear that they are incurring given the higher miles driven. So, I think, again, it points to a really healthy industry.
William T. Giles: Yeah. I think on both very different businesses, by the way, and they have made some improvements since the previous quarter, so I think they'll continue to grow. I think AutoAnything has had some challenges over the last six or so months and there's some real opportunities for us to expand SKU assortments and also to increase our search engine optimization activities, et cetera, in order to drive traffic. So, I think that we'll continue to be competitive there. And ALLDATA continues to be a very strong business and a very important business in the commercial segment as well. So, both businesses are flattish at the moment, down a little bit, but they're making some improvements and we expect to see them continue to make improvements over the next few quarters.
William T. Giles: I think on both sides we've been very pleased overall, even with the recent performance of the quarter. I mean, we had an acceleration in our commercial programs overall. We're clearly gaining share, growing significantly faster than the industry. The team has put in several new programs in order to help drive both existing customers as well as prospecting and attaining new customers as well. So, that business does seem to be healthier and it seems on a track to continue to grow. So, I think on both sides, it's been healthy, but it's really more the existing customers that have been really strong, and that's the one area that we're really focused on.
William T. Giles: It's very broad and in fairness we have a low market share, so we believe that there's enormous greenfield opportunities for us across the country. All the regions performed reasonably well. Clearly, the weather-affected regions in prior years had been more challenged, but they weren't this year. They continued to perform well. So, we see it pretty balanced across the country, so we feel pretty good about the commercial team as a whole and how they're performing.
