Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We're very pleased to report our 38th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, growing this quarter at a rate of 14.2% over last year. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. Success will be achieved with a strong attention to detail and exceptional execution. We are confident in our initiatives, and we are pleased with the progress we are making in rolling out our new supply chain model by delivering inventory to our stores on a more frequent basis. In addition, the performance of our mega hubs has been strong, and ahead of our expectations and we look forward to opening more later this year. We believe these initiatives will benefit both our retail and commercial businesses. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate. And we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leveraged our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth in the double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is, the solid, consistent strategy, combined with superior execution drives success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions, and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are pleased with our results this past quarter, but we must not be content. We have a lot of work in front of us over the next two quarters, but the future continues to look bright. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: I would start with one of the things we made specific mention of was that we have fewer stores going through the maturation cycle, and also the stores that are in that maturation cycle were opened later in our development process, which means they had lower potential than the ones that were opened sooner. So we’re seeing some of our slowdown and it’s completely attributable to lower new program growth. But that said, we were still below our expectations for the quarter. Some of that we would attributable to some weather patterns particularly in the Midwest and Northeast but not all of it. Frankly we’re not exactly sure all the reasons that we had a little bit of a slowdown, but we are very focused on taking our one team concept and getting our district managers and our store managers along with our sales team really reengaged in a big way and in a materially significant -- more significant way than in the past. And I think that will pay us dividends for the long term.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, we're not marketing to them, number one, it’s being done on a store by store basis. Clearly, the local markets will have it or not, but we’re not marketing it to them, we’re just showing it to them and they are yes percentage when they ask for parts. 
Bill Rhodes: I think when you look over time we've actually increased our inventory quite a bit. And so now it’s at a 630,000 per store location level, we feel pretty good about that. As Bill mentioned in the prepared remarks, we spend a lot of time on analyzing placements and so the merchandising organization has done a great job over the last, I would call it, 12 to 15 months, of better determining workplace inventory. I think the more frequent delivery will be able to optimize inventory location as well and obviously we will increase -- we've increased some inventories, we’ve added some of these mega hubs. So I would expect our inventory levels on a per location basis to be approximately where they are now. They might have some increases as we roll out a few more mega hubs but not significant increases. 
Bill Rhodes: Yes, what we said on this quarter was that we thought it was about 200 basis points or so, and I think last quarter if I remember right, we said somewhere around 100 basis points or so. And so it has had a big impact and we’re going to anniversary that somewhere towards the middle to the tail end of Q3 relative to the spike that we saw in the peso. But I am sure there is a whole lot of other macro things going on at the same time that are impacting the peso, including lower gas prices et cetera. So there is a lot of what we call natural hedges going on. So it isn’t singular but if we were to single that out, it did almost a 200 basis point impact on EBIT. So we expect that to probably impact us just a little bit in Q3 and then we will fully anniversary it in Q4.
Bill Rhodes: Not necessarily. I mean there is obviously translation transaction from a balance sheet perspective. But it’s mostly transactional from just the Mexico results.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, but first, I would start with -- one of the things that’s happened in the quarter on the more frequent delivery program, we did not roll out any significant amount of stores on that program until very very late in the quarter. It just doesn't make sense to roll out things during the holiday season. So those over 300 stores that went on that program, went on the last couple of weeks to the quarter: So you weren’t able to see that benefit up there. As I said earlier, Dan, some of the slowdown in commercial was clearly the maturation cycle but some of it as we were frankly disappointed, marginally disappointed with our performance in commercial. Our team has all hands on deck and we had a spring sales meeting last week, and that was the predominant topic and I'm highly confident that our team will take the ball from here and reaccelerate our growth.
Bill Rhodes: They were both performing at or above our expectations. Frankly the mega hubs are outperforming our expectations. And by the way, mega hubs which – a couple of them are multiple years old, are continuing to grow, so we’re really excited that the maturation continues two, two and half years later. As we said before, the combination of those two programs is driving a benefit of between a $1000 and $1500 per program, or first store that they get [ph], and that holds true. In fact, if anything is a little bit stronger, are towards the higher end of that as we roll it out.
Bill Rhodes: I would say one big thing is a lot of our AutoZoners, myself included, grew up on the retail side of the business, we didn’t grow on the wholesale side of the business. And so to use a baseball analogy, our fastball is retail. Well, we've got to develop a fastball that’s also commercial and so we're really focused on getting everybody in the organization taking our whole one team notion to the next level, and that includes getting our district managers and our store managers along with the sales team even more focused on growing the commercial business. Those are a talented group of people and I am highly confident that they will embrace that notion and take us to the next level.
Bill Rhodes: I would say as they anniversary that they are not comping on the delivery frequency. They are not comping at a higher level. They pretty much get that benefit very early, because it’s all about the customer calling, and yes, we have the product at a higher level than we had it before. So the benefit is almost immediate. There's not a marketing halo except to the extent that, when we say yes on a water pump we may also get the hose sales as well but all those benefits are pretty much immediate. I wouldn’t anticipate that they would grow year-over-year. 
Bill Rhodes: Different than that. The mega hubs are continuing to grow. And I think that as the more we say yes for hard-to-find parts, the more customer calls us first versus somebody else for harder to find parts. 
Bill Rhodes: There’s a variety of things that merchandising organization is doing in order to improve quite frankly sourcing. And so one of the things we talked about last quarter is that we’re increasing our global sourcing efforts and identifying opportunities there. I’d say that’s still early on, so there's more opportunity for that as we look out over the next several quarter, several years frankly. So I think there's opportunities there, it’s mostly acquisition costs to be honest.
Bill Rhodes: We've added more than that. And so we will probably add – the way to think about it is we’ll probably add about 300 stores a quarter on the more frequent delivery. And so we will probably have this ratable pressure of about 20 to 30 basis points from a supply chain perspective. We've had opportunities to offset that through merchandising tactics working with our vendors as well as lower acquisition costs. So it's difficult to predict out exactly what gross margin will do over the next couple of quarters. But I think we feel pretty good about this quarter's results and we’d expect something similar maybe not quite the strong going forward. 
Bill Rhodes: I would say that it felt pretty steady overall I think from the performance of the retail business for the quarter, with the exception of the flow of the tax money and that created some volatility overall. And clearly as you pocket the United States, there was probably little bit of a weather impact up in the Northeast. And there is a minor impact in the south-central area from oil. But other than that it seems like it’s been relatively stable and consistent throughout that. And then just, if I heard you correctly, I just wanted to make a footnote to one thing you said. The same store sales are domestic based so the foreign exchange rate wouldn’t have had any impact on that.
Bill Rhodes: I think we believe strongly in our current strategy. We believe these inventory availability initiatives are going to make a material difference in both our retail and commercial businesses. And I think this discussion we’re having today about taking our one team approach to the next level is really going to get our organization which is an incredibly strong execution oriented organization, that will help take us to the next level.  Where do we end up? When I sit back and think about it, a lot of people want to talk about moving from $9000 a week to $13,000 or $14,000 a week. If you think about it, the DIFM business is bigger than the DIY business. Over time I'd love for our DIFM business to be bigger than our DIY business. That’s going to take years if not decades, but I don’t want to set our sights to any short-term target that would limit our thinking. 
Bill Rhodes: No. I would say the most immediate impact is on both sides of the business. In fact, if anything, it is slightly disproportionate to the commercial business, which is what you would expect particularly on the mega hub because these are the later model products that are harder to find.
Bill Rhodes: I wouldn’t say it some other bucket of stores. I would say it was generally across the board, certain markets where there were weather impacts were hit slightly more than others. But it was generally across the board.
Bill Rhodes: What we said was, at the end of the quarter total refunds were generally consistent with where they were last year. But they really flowed very late in the quarter. There was a massive amount of refunds that were processed the Wednesday before our quarter ended. We obviously had a very nice weekend. Did we get all the benefit that we normally get in a quarter? Probably not, but it's really hard to say, in the past we’ve called out two different times that we thought the tax refund timing either benefited us or hut us by 100 basis points in sales for the quarter. We didn't quantify it this time, so it was clearly – our thoughts are it was clearly than that. But there's probably a bit of it that’s going to flow into the third quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, as we said for a long time, the number one reason we’re in the IMC business is for the IMC standalone business. It’s a business that we’re very excited about on a long-term basis. But it does provide for those customers, those AutoZone commercial customers that do some high-end import business it does provide us to increase our ability to say yes on those special needs. So when you think about that business today, it’s maybe a couple hundred dollars per store per week in incremental sales, it's not a meaning -- huge difference in the commercial business but it is a nice help. And any time you can say yes to something that they really need, then that helps you move up the call list over the long term. 
Bill Rhodes: I would say that we are not seeing much different from an e-commerce perspective overall. And I think that’s just some steady – I think ALLDATA had a little bit more competitive pressure in the marketplace and that probably slowed their growth a little bit. So that’s kind of more of what you’re seeing now.
Bill Rhodes: I would say we're number one much more educated on how the economic cycles impact our DIY business than we are the DIFM business just because we’ve been in that business for so much longer and we have a much more mature business. Clearly the economic cycle that we’re with lower gas prices which are leading to really really high miles driven is very favorable for us. Those same impacts, those same indicators should impact the commercial business but we believe at this stage in our commercial business development it’s much more on us and our development of that business than it is on economic matter of factors.
Bill Rhodes: I think clearly we’re taking share in both businesses, we’ve probably taken a disproportionate share in the commercial business. But again because we’re later to the party than many of our competitors and so we’re earlier in the maturation cycle. As far as getting into specifics, I’ll let you all look at individual companies’ performance and make those determinations for yourself. 
Bill Rhodes: Our loyalty program which we’ve had in some form for basically a decade continues to perform very well, it’s an important part of our value proposition to our customers. As other people have gotten into the loyalty program, we obviously paid very close attention to it. But at the macro level our DIY business is performing very well right now. And so we’re confident with what we’re doing, we’re confident with the benefits that we’re getting out of the loyalty program, and look forward to continuing to perform well.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We'll not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we're confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating on today's call.
Bill Giles: You said it spot on, that’s exactly right. The second quarter is typically a slightly lower cash flow quarter. We obviously bought more stock this quarter than we did last year at this time because of the IMC acquisition that we incurred last year but share repurchases is a little bit lighter in Q2 but we’ll ramp up back up as we heads towards the back end of the year.
Bill Giles: Some of those in there, and so just to go backwards, there's a little bit of benefit certainly from lower gas prices and fuel cost that’s going to impact supply chain and then frankly probably SG&A a little bit as well. And then in addition to that – actually inflation deflation has been relatively moderated, I mean there is more deflation a little bit in categories like oil. And frankly deflation typically is not helpful for us from a margin perspective. So inflation would be a little bit better for us on a long-term basis. But I would say that, I would give the credit back to the merchandising organization from an acquisition perspective working with vendors, optimizing where we are buying the inventory, going direct in certain opportunities as well, increasing private-label products where we have opportunities to do so. We’re pretty well penetrated in private-label today but there continues to be opportunities for us to expand our penetration on private-label and that has helped a little bit. So many of the improvements that I would say that we have seen, not all but the majority are sustainable. And so I think we’ve got a good playbook to continue to do that. And having said that, as you mentioned we continue to have headwinds from just lower margin businesses growing at a faster rate and then some of the initiatives that we have from an inventory perspective. 
Bill Giles: I think that we probably said that -- somewhere around $600 million or so for fiscal year ’16, at this pace it will probably be a little bit lower than $600 million for next year, probably closer to that 600,maybe a little bit over that depending on how we finish up this year and then the following year I think we’ll probably migrate down into mid 500 or so once we get the distribution centers opened. But that would really be the only aberration if you’d call it, from a CapEx perspective. Other than that we’re opening square footage at around 3% and continue to invest in our existing base stores to make sure that they look fresh and current every day and then also to invest in new technology in order to make sure our platform can support our business as we grow.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think mostly of our payroll is really intentional investment in our payroll dollars in the stores in order to improve customer service as well as the training that Bill talked about earlier. From a wage rate perspective, I would say that we’re continuing to see an increase in wage rates but not anything different than what we had expected to see and frankly not much different than what we’d seen in prior year. Obviously around the country there is pocketed areas, but for the most part it’s been steady as she goes. From a health medical perspective, we’re not seeing any significant changes necessarily to our current cost rates, so that seems to be pretty much in check as well.  End of Q&A
