William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We are pleased this morning to report our 34th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, growing this quarter at a rate of 15.6%. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. At the end of the day, our customers have choices, and we must innovate to ensure they turn to us for their vehicle solution needs. As we continue to invest in our businesses and monitor the results from our ongoing inventory initiatives, we are optimistic about our future. We feel like we continue to be on the right track. Again, we are excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment, supply chain solutions, hub stores, commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, e-commerce, Brazil and now IMC. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low-single-digit growth rate, and we expect to continue growing our Commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we routinely look to grow our EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth in the double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is solid consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and to continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are pleased with our results this past quarter, but we must remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: That's a terrific question, Alan, and one that I don't want go in too in depth at this point in time. And one of the reasons why is we've been testing this in, I think, 168 stores in five different markets, and they're five very different geographies with different competitive sets and the like. And our results generally have been good, but some parts of them are still hard to read, and that's why we decided to expand it by another over 300 stores. And I think as we get the read on those stores, over the third quarter and fourth quarter, we will have a much better understanding to confirm that we're on the right track, hopefully to confirm that they're actually performing better than the ones we've done to date. It's just a little bit early. Our expectation is once we make a decision, we're going to come back to you all and we'll communicate it clearly and show you what we believe the financial implications are on the operating margins and gross margins and capital expenditures.
William C. Rhodes: I think at this point in time, everything is still on the table. We are testing three times, we're testing five times, we tested two times, and clearly, in some places, you're going to be very close to the store. So the cost of going five times is not as significant as if you're 500 miles away. So I think we still have to determine those things, and that's why we expanded it to another 300 plus stores in the last month.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, great question. I'll start with – it was our plan this year as we came into the year to slow down a little bit. Remember, what seven years ago, we had 51% of the stores on the program. We now have 78% of the stores on the program. We don't have a vision that 100% of the stores will have the Commercial program, but we do believe it will be significantly higher than it is today, we just don't know the exact number. The reason we slowed it down was one, we're later in the lifecycle of the program openings. But more importantly, we really want to focus the organization more on growing mature programs and specifically growing our business with mature customers. As we've opened so many these programs in the last four, five years, taken a lot of time and attention away from the existing programs, it's also cannibalized the existing programs. But this year, we really wanted to recalibrate our focus and focus intensely on growing mature programs and mature customers. And so far through the first six months, that's having some nice benefits.
William C. Rhodes: A couple quick questions. Thanks, Dan. On the sales force side, we really started building a sales force about seven, eight years ago now. And I will tell you I am just – every time I ride with one of our salespeople, every time I talk to our senior sales leaders, I'm just remarkably impressed by the progress that we've made. And unlike a lot of organizations where you put the salespeople out there to eat what you can kill, our sales processes are very well defined and our team determines exactly where we want our salespeople to be, the exact type of accounts and by the way, the exact accounts that they want them to call on that week. So part of what we've done is we've redirected some of their focus and efforts to the existing stores or the existing customers that we have. And that's beginning to pay off, which we are still calling on new customers, but we really want to be focused on the ones that we have today. And I'm sorry I forgot your first question.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah. Really so far, we've only seen one of the initiatives that we embarked on, and that was the change in our algorithms that we made last year to put newer inventory function to the customer. As we work on both this mega-hub approach and this delivery frequency approach, that can have a material difference in our ability to say yes. And it is more important with the – it's important on both the Commercial and DIY side. With the Commercial customer calling me multiple times a day versus a DIY customer calling you a few times a year, it's very important on the Commercial side.
William C. Rhodes: I would say at this point in time, absolutely not. We see this as the permanent solution. That doesn't mean that we won't get smarter over time and decide we need to drop another DC in here. But we have no vision of a 25 distribution center model. Now that being said, three years ago, we didn't have a vision of going delivery frequency. And as our business has changed and as the competitive landscape has changed, we've had to modify our model. But today, we think that is the right long-term approach.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Simeon. As you know, I guess we launched the first part of the loyalty program nine or 10 years ago, and then we took it to the digital program probably seven years ago. This past year, we used to have different programs in different parts of the country. This past year, we went to one consolidated nationwide program, and the program has worked very well since the beginning. It continues to work well and it's growing, although it's growing at a lower rate just because it's more mature. Now there have been two of our competitors that have launched loyalty programs in the last year or so, but both are different than ours. So far, we continue to be very help happy with our loyalty program and we continue to grow. We haven't seen material changes in our loyalty acceptance rate versus where we were before.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, can I add to that too? If we held ourselves to a standard where we wouldn't make investments unless they were at 32% return on invested capital, we wouldn't do a lot of things that would be very important to our business and would frankly put ourselves at a competitive disadvantage. That's why we've held to this long-term internal hurdle rate and it's worked very well. Remember when we implemented the internal hurdle rate, our ROIC was around 20%, so we've been able to grow it over time by being very disciplined, but at the same time, we can't hold single initiatives to a 30%-plus return.
William C. Rhodes: I would say the first and foremost biggest short-term to medium-term opportunity is just growing the Commercial business. It's a very low capital required to grow that business, so anything that we can do, enhance our sales force, continue to improve our execution, that is by far and away the single biggest way to drive ROIC. I think most of the other initiatives, based upon our modeling today, would be slightly dilutive to return on invested capital, but they have very good returns and they're going to accelerate the growth of operating profit dollars, which is one of our objectives.
William C. Rhodes: Well, I think it's still yet to be determined. We just went over and implemented 300 stores. Obviously, that's the biggest thing that we've done at this point in time. We did it over about three weeks, and so far, it's gone pretty well, but there have to be a tremendous amount of efforts in the distribution centers to ramp up for that increase of activity both inside the warehouse and in the transportation team. So we'll learn from this newest rollout and will plan for future wins, but more importantly now we got about 500 stores on the program and we are hopeful that we can quickly confirm our expectations today.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah, we've been doing this for six weeks or seven weeks so far, Greg. And we did a lot of work around the systems piece, but even now at this point in time, we're muscling it. We're just trying to get a sense for it. So far we've been really encouraged.
William C. Rhodes: Okay. So about half of that was in our results. But remember, the cold snaps – as you get later in the winter, the cold snaps are more of a headwind than they are a benefit. Early in the season, it spurs activity of people trying to get their vehicles ready for the winter. What happens late in the winter, most of the parts that were going to fail have already failed, and frankly customers have winter fatigue and they're not doing things getting ready for the winter. So they're generally not beneficial later in the year or later in the season as they are (56:59).
William C. Rhodes: Right. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that we have a long and strong heritage of consistent impressive performance. While we are excited about our growth prospects for the year, we will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have choices. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. Thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Yeah, I mean, ALLDATA continues to be the market leader in diagnostic repair software. And so what we have seen is a little bit more competition in the marketplace and a little bit more pricing pressure on the product. We continue to command a very large market share in that segment. And our strategy over the next 12 months to 24 months is to continue to add enhancements to the product to service our customers better and add additional value. Some of that will be through repair information, confirmed repair information, we put a community website up today as part of the repair product, and that's been received very well. So there's a lot of enhancements that we're making to our suite of products that we think over time will continue to create a larger stickiness with our customers and add more value.
William T. Giles: Actually let me – I'll jump in, John. I would say probably not. I would think of them differently. IMC operates at a lower margin business than the overall AutoZone business does. We think we can improve IMC's operating margin. We think we can continue to grow that business, but it will continue to operate at a lower margin than our overall company and therefore will create a little bit of dilution on our operating margin. Now obviously when we anniversary that acquisition that occurred in September of 2014, then it won't be a year-over-year headwind per se. Relative to delivery frequency, the play there is really to add some additional cost into our operating cost structure in an effort to increase sales, gain further market share and grow operating profit at a faster rate, and so, both of those will create a little bit of headwind from a pure operating margin rate standpoint. But the objective obviously in both cases is to continue to provide better service and value to our customers, be closer to our customers with inventory and be able to capture market share and grow operating profit.
William T. Giles: Yeah, it's always difficult to really measure with any precision on that. Clearly, the lower gas prices we believe have been helpful. And they certainty have probably contributed at some level to our comp, I don't think significantly, but they certainly have been helpful. So we try to weigh in all the things between gas and tax refunds, et cetera. From a maintenance perspective, we think that as we – obviously this has been a longer winter and it's dragging on, but clearly spring will be here hopefully in the next couple of weeks, and then we'll get back to our core maintenance categories and things like that. And we expect those businesses to perform well. So we'll have to get a little bit further down the road to look in the rearview mirror to see exactly what the impacts are of gas and whether. But we expect it to be favorable in the spring.
William T. Giles: The way we really think about it is that, and as Bill, I think, highlighted in his remarks, we're very proud of the ROIC number that we have. And we recognize that it's probably one of the highest in hardline retail. At the same time, we're very focused on investing in the initiatives that we believe will generate very strong returns and more importantly will capture market share and grow earnings. So I think as we look at the model on a longer-term basis that we'll focus on those kinds of initiatives and they may or may not have some pressure on ROIC and bring it down a little bit. But again, we're focused on growing operating profit dollars, capturing market share and investing in activities that generate very strong returns.
William T. Giles: Yeah, I think that well, first of all, I think to some extent, gas is probably a more longer-term one. I mean obviously, we're going to get some increases in gas prices. But on a relative basis, they will be well below last year. And I suspect that they will continue to be so for at least the immediate future. Relative to tax refunds, you're right. As we called out, we think that maybe that was 100 basis points of impact on Q2. We'll have a better feel for that as we move our way through Q3. And then excluding that, I think that the way we look at it is that that really is the underlying core trends of the business.
William T. Giles: I don't think that we see anything necessarily structurally changing in the business. If you look at the competitive landscape from a pricing, promotional activity, even from a capital investment perspective, it continues to be pretty consistent and rational industry overall, and you are right. We have not been the beneficiary of inflation over the last, almost at this point I'd say 18 plus months, maybe pushing 24 months, and it doesn't appear as though there's a lot of inflation in the horizon either. There's a couple of categories here and there that have some inflation, but for the most part, we've been generating these sales out of a no inflation kind of environment. So it really is the strength of the customer, the strength of our offering that was really driving that.
William T. Giles: It won't alter our philosophy at all. I mean we believe that it is a great way to add value back to our shareholders and return capital back to the shareholders through the share repurchase program. We've been very disciplined about it. We operate at a very defined credit metric and will continue to do so.
William T. Giles: I would say it's probably about that. We're certainly going to be right around about a $500 million number or so, I think, on an annualized basis. So it'll be a little bit of a step-up, but not significantly.
William T. Giles: I think the latter. I think that hopefully we were somewhat consistent two or three quarters ago when we began to add more inventory, and we tried to call out that that will put a little bit of pressure on AP to inventory when you fast-forward three quarters or four quarters, and here we are. So it was certainly down this quarter. We don't anticipate it going down further, necessarily, for the next two quarters, but expect it to hang around that kind of number.
William T. Giles: I think we said that it was probably around 15 basis points. I would say all three of those categories that we identified accounted for about 45 basis points...
