William Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere. Nice job. Also, congratulations on your one year AutoZone anniversary that you celebrated last week.
William Rhodes: As we start a new fiscal year, I'd like to take a moment to discuss our operating theme for the New Year. It is go the extra mile. And we will be hosting our annual national sales meeting here in Memphis next week to formally announce this theme. Being in person for the first time in two years, yes, we are going to host our AutoZoners who are vaccinated and wearing masks in person, and we are going to celebrate all they have accomplished over the past two years. I can't tell you how excited I am about next week. 2022 will again be focused on superior customer service and flawless execution. In fiscal 2022, we are launching some very exciting initiatives. We will be announcing some significant expansions to our supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses. We are also targeting to open 20 new domestic mega hubs in the U.S. that will enhance our ability and support growth in our retail and commercial businesses. We'll open approximately 200 new stores throughout the Americas with notable acceleration in our Brazil business. These capacity expansion investments reflect our bullishness on our industry and our own growth prospects. We are being disciplined, yet we are being aggressed. Lastly, I want to reiterate how proud I am of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers and doing so in a very safe manner. At the start of the pandemic last year, we could never have guessed the positive impact it would have had on our sales. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our Autozoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like three to five years from now. And we welcome that challenge. I continue to be bullish on our industry and in particular on AutoZone. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Yes. We're not seeing it at that level yet Greg. I think we will see it at that level. As you know, it takes some time for those price increases to work themselves through the system. And right now is, is a little bit different in that you're seeing direct product cost inflation, but the, the hyperinflation that we're seeing frankly, is in the transportation, or are not directly in all the product costs. And so we're having to be thoughtful about how do we ultimately pass those price increases or cost increases on through retail prices in both the domestic, both the retail and the commercial businesses. We think that you will see it more in the range you're talking about in Q1 and Q2, if not even a little bit higher, but that seems to be where we're headed.
William Rhodes: No, there are absolutely significant issues in getting products. This we are running the lowest level of in stock that I can ever remember. It's, it's, 3% or 4% below where we normally run, it moves from one category to the other. This is the most difficult supply chain environment that I have ever seen, but I will tell you, our supply chain and merchants are working it so well. And so closely with our vendors and finding new suppliers along the way where we have to in the spot market or other areas that I think we are doing competitively. And when I say competitive, I'm talking about retail in general. I'm very proud of where we are, but very dissatisfied with it on a historical basis.
William Rhodes: Yes. And, and Greg, I think, we looked at our outperformance versus the market in both retail and commercial. The one piece that we really didn't highlight that I would highlight is AutoZone has been known as an execution machine for decades long before I got here. And I think that our core flawless execution has been a big contributor to our success over the last 18 months in these uncertain times.
William Rhodes: Terrific question, Michael, I'll take the first part. I'll let Jamere figure out the second part. On the sales side, your logic is very sound. If you look at the, our business overall is up roughly 25% versus pre pandemic levels. You've been watching this industry for a long time. I've been watching it longer and, it's generally a nice grower, but in the, the industry grows around 4% a year to grow 25% over 18 months is pretty phenomenal. I think, as we said, in our prepared comments, we expected our sales to step down some this summer that we saw the last round of stimulus in March. Every time we've seen stimulus, we can see a direct correlation to our sales really grow at an exponential rate when that happens and then tail off some, but they never go back to where they were. And we spent a lot of time talking about the share gains that we have seen because we, we do think that that is beyond what's going on with COVID. I think it's somewhat related to COVID in that our teams have done a really, really good job of making sure that we have product of making sure that our customers and our AutoZoners feel safe in our stores. I would encourage, we've spent a lot of money making sure that we create a safe environment in our stores. And I would encourage you all to go in our stores and go look at us versus our competitors. Go look at us versus other retailers. It is a very, in this interesting time, a very comfortable shopping environment, as comfortable as you can find, I believe. And so I think that customers have changed their shopping behaviors. They're not necessarily wanting to go to a big box store. I think there are some online retailers that deemphasized this category during the pandemic. And, fortunately for us, we don't give guidance because it would be very difficult to tell you what's going to happen in Q3 or Q4, just like it would have been difficult to tell you this time last year, what would happen in Q4 this year? We are very confident that we will win in the marketplace by leveraging our flawless execution. The industry trends will be the industry trends, but I would refer you all back to think about on a long-term historical basis. There have been before this period three times in my career where I've seen substantially above industry performance or industry performance above the norm. And that was in '93 and '94 01 and 02, 09, 10 and 11. All of those were coming out of very difficult economic environments. This pandemic seems to be behaving a lot like that, just in an exponential fashion. What was the interesting thing out of those most the best times that we've seen was following each one of those times, we didn't step back down as an industry to where the performance was before. Well, we have some step down as an industry maybe, but I don't expect it. And I certainly don't expect AutoZone to go back to the levels that we were performing at before. It will step back a little bit, maybe, I don't know, cause this is unchartered waters, but I do think we have reintroduced ourselves to some customers. And I think our existing customers have started relying on us on a more frequent basis. And I believe many of those shopping habits will have changed forever. On the commercial side of the business, I think it's somewhat related to the pandemic. I think we're winning in a big way in the marketplace. I think we have changed our competitive position because of all the initiatives that we have. So I am, and I think we are quite bullish on the long term of the commercial business. Jamere, I'll let you talk about the P&L.
William Rhodes: Yes, I think we're not projecting that we're going to get back to any particular level, Michael. I think what we are saying is for the most part, the actions that we have taken in retail are done, many of those actions are behind us. We are very pleased with the competitive position that we have. We've always been pleased with our competitive position with our close in competitors, but we've looked a little bit beyond that, to those competitors, that I’ll call or a half a step away. In the commercial business, we took much more significant pricing actions. And they were on the margin in DIY. They were fairly significant in commercial, but we finished those actions at the beginning of, of this past quarter call it in June. So, and those took some time to roll in. We started it with six markets and we went to 14 markets and we rolled it to the chain. So we're beginning to annualize the first smaller tranches of that. And we will annualize that in in the beginning of next year's fourth quarter. We feel really good, really good about the actions that we've taken. They are an element, not the element of our strategy, but as you can see in our commercial performance, we were winning in the marketplace in a big way. So we will annualize that in nine months or so. We do not have the next tranche of pricing strategies that we are planning to do in DIY or in commercial. This was, this is what we wanted to do. And I think we're very pleased with how both have played out.
William Rhodes: Yes. It's a, it's an interesting way out. I would've told you FY 2022 would have been the normalized year this time last year Simeon, but I just can't tell you what's going to happen in the environment. I mean, we're sitting here take, we'll get people with mask on. Jamere and I are taking our mask on and off to answer questions. I would have never dreamt we were here in June, right? We all took our mask off and we're done with them. And here we are with Delta variants, so I can't tell you what's going to be in front of us. I do think the algorithm of the company is not going to change. The only thing that you highlight that is different right now is we will spend a little bit more on CapEx. One of the things that we've learned is, is that we probably operated our supply chain to the optimal level as I keep calling it to three decimal points. We didn't plan our supply chain to have sustained 25% surge in volume for 18 months. That has put an enormous strain on our facilities, more importantly on our people. So as we think about the future, we're going to be a little bit more aggressive. We're going to have a little bit more capacity in our supply chain to handle the volatility that we have seen for the first time in my career over this period of time. So that that'll be, over, over a couple of year period, probably a couple of hundred million dollars a year in incremental capital that we'll spend. But as we've said, all along our capital allocation strategy is one, continue to invest in the existing assets that we have to have them perform at an optimal level. Two, invest in every growth aspect that we can, that will provide us a reasonable investor IRR, and then three, whatever we have left over we'll return to shareholders, that algorithm is going to stay the same. I hope in 2023, we're back to whatever normal is. It will be interesting to see what happens in the sales environment as, as we enter whatever the new normal is. I can understand people think that the sales environment might be challenged as we lap these enormous growth in FY 2020 and 2021. I would have thought the same thing a year ago. I'm getting more and more confident that some of this is structural and some of this is permanent. What percentage your guess is as good as mine, because I've never seen a global pandemic before.
William Rhodes: Yes, it's a good point. We started to see the cost inflation really at the tail end of the third quarter and pretty much all of the fourth quarter. And, our merchants have done a fantastic job of negotiating timing and also done a fantastic job of making sure that we got retails raised in a way that kept us competitive in the, in the marketplace. And the way that, costs actually ended up flowing through the system. You typically will have a little bit of margin accretion at least in the early endings, as you raise retails before all of the costs increases, make their way through. And to the extent that, we see price increases come, there are times where we actually move a little bit early. So those are things that can actually help you at least in the near term get a little bit of margin accretion and get out ahead of what you're seeing from an inflation standpoint. And that's no different than, what we've done in the past.
William Rhodes: Yes, it's a, it's a macro issue. And certainly we're not immune to the market dynamics there. What else is that, we've done a very good job of sort of managing it. Our operations teams, both on the stores and the supply chain side are working really hard to manage turnover in this environment. We've been competitive in the marketplace. And then, when it, when it's all said and done, we do have pricing power that underpins our capability to price, to deal with the influx of the impacts of inflation, whether it's product costs or transportation costs, or what we're seeing in terms of labor. And that's, that's one of the things about this industry, the discipline in this industry that gives us a lot of confidence.
William Rhodes: Thank you. Okay. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate. We believe our industry is strong and our business model is solid. We'll take nothing for granted. As we understand our customers have alternatives to shopping with us. We'll continue to focus on the basics as we strive to optimize shareholder value in FY 2022 and beyond. We thank you for participating in today's call and have a great fall.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, I think a couple things stand out to me. One is that, as you mentioned, our business has been remarkably resilient and you combine that with a great execution that we have, and it's, it's striving exceptionally strong results. As we get further away from the lumpiness of the stimulus payments, I mean, it's clear that our share gains have been maintained. Bill talked about what we're seeing on the, on the sales floor market share. We've got great results and readouts from our loyalty programs that give us a lot of confidence. And our teams are doing a great job of executing. On the commercial side, we're continuing to see those significant share gains behind the business that are behind the initiatives that Bill talked about. And a couple of things really stand out to me, it's broad base. So it's national accounts and it's local accounts that are growing over 20%. We've seen the national snap back over the last year as car counts are up and staffing is improved and miles driven is improving. And our team is doing a fantastic job of executing with those customers. So we have a tremendous amount of confidence as we move forward into the year, and this is helping us create a faster growing business.
Jamere Jackson: It's benefited over the last year, quite frankly, because our terms have been up significantly in an accelerated sales environment. We don't expect us to go much higher than, than where we currently are. But we're continuing to do all the things that we can to manage working capital both with our suppliers and with our partners and but I wouldn't expect it to go much higher just based on the tremendous amount of [turns] (ph) that we've had over the last year or so.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. You can expect us to be in that zip code probably for the next couple of years or so. Roughly two thirds of that or more are going to be in and sort of the U.S. market if you will. We've, we've been looking at doing 150 to 170 stores, or so based on the opportunities that we see in the marketplace. You could see us do, 30 to 50 stores in Mexico, depending on the market conditions or so, and then, the remainder coming from Brazil. I think the good news for us is that we see tremendous market opportunities, both in the U.S. and in Mexico. And we talked about on our previous earnings call that we've been testing our market potential in Brazil for really the last decade or so and we think Brazil can be a very big market for us. So we've got great potential there. We've made some leadership team changes as well. So Tom Newbern is leading our international efforts going forward. Tom is a fantastic operator, has a ton of experience. And we look forward to that being a much bigger part of our story and our strategy as we go forward.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. So if you, if you look at the trends that we saw. I mean, we saw most of the moderation, obviously in our DIY business where our comps were significantly higher last year in the fourth quarter. But a couple things stand out to us. Again, as we move further and further away from the, the lumpiness is the stimulus payments that we talked about. Our business was, was pretty resilient. And so our business actually outperformed our expectations. Our commercial business has been just remarkably resilient as well. And, if you think about the commercial business, it's a lot stickier. The relationships that we built with our commercial customers is, is driving that business. And as we see the macro environment improve, and those are things like car counts, those are things like miles driven. The fact that our commercial customers are, are staffing have been able to, get their staffing levels back to where they need to be. That, that business has been very, very strong, as we, as we exited the quarter. As been our past practice, we typically don't you know, talk about what we see in the, in the early innings of, of the, the following quarter. But what I will say is that, as we, as we exited the fourth quarter we were very pleased with the trends that we were, we were seeing. And it gives us a lot of confidence about not only the first quarter, but the year in total.
Jamere Jackson: It was, it was, close to being flattish in that last four weeks or so. And again, when we get to the first quarter, we got much easier comps if you will. So that ought to give you some idea of what we're seeing in terms of trends moving into the first quarter.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. We believe the price investments are behind us. And, when we look at the moves that we made last year, we're going to start the anniversary, those going into this year. And as we said, the strategy is working. I mean, we, you see it in the numbers. We put on the board in terms of our DIY results and our commercial results and price has just been one element of the strategy. So all the other things that we've talked about from an execution standpoint, and making sure that we have the right assortments, the investment that we've made in our products, the technology that we have on the commercial side, those things combined with competitive pricing have underpinned the growth story that you see here. So as we're in this inflationary environment, as Bill mentioned, we're being very disciplined. We're moving retails up on the commercial and in the DIY side, the industry has been very rational. But we're maintaining those competitive price differentials if you will, that have underpinned the share growth that we've seen over the last year or so. And that's what's really important. It's not an absolute price point of view is, if you will, but it's a relative price point. But as we have opportunities to take price up, we're certainly doing that.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. From a P&L standpoint, here's the interesting thing for us. I mean, we have a tremendous amount of confidence in our business going forward. And if you recall, this is a business that has an algorithm that works at low to mid-single digit top line growth with high margins, that's fits off a lot of cash that we invest in our existing assets. We invest to grow our business and we return a lot of that to shareholders. Over the last couple of years or so we've had the opportunity to have outsize top line performance, and you've seen us ratchet up the things that we've done. So we've increased the level of investments that we've made in our existing infrastructure. We talked about, what we're doing to expand the capacity in our distribution centers and our supply chain. Bill talked about it in his, in his comments this morning. You've seen us invest in our, in our growth initiatives and we've had an outsize return to shareholders. So the algorithm works. It's worked for us in the past. It's worked for us through this environment where we've had accelerated sales, where we've done even more than we've done in the past. And we've got a tremendous amount of confidence in our growth prospects going forward. We're going to have tremendous financial firepower to grow this business and return cash to shareholders. And that quite frankly, is the AutoZone algorithm.
Jamere Jackson: Yes. The only thing that I'll add there is that our core capability inside the company, hasn't changed. The things that we've historically worked on in terms of assortment the awesome work that our, our merchants have done over the years, the things that we see in terms of the industries, pricing dynamics, those things haven't changed. So, the core fundamentals and the core capability of the business hasn't changed over time. I've often said that, as we go through these dynamics, we tend to look at gross margins and pricing at a point in time. But over the long term, we've been very, very disciplined. As we've seen inflationary impacts hit the business, we've been very disciplined about raising pricing. And I've, I've often said that inflation is our friend in that, in that we're in that regard. So our core capabilities to expand margins hasn't changed. What we've done as Bill said is, we made some fundamental changes in terms of where we needed to be competitively in certain categories that have improved the growth rate of our business and nothing else about our businesses has changed. So all the great work that we've done in the past, we still have that capability going forward.
Jamere Jackson: I think you said it better than I did Simeon. The only thing that I would add to it is, and you mentioned mix. If our commercial business continues to grow at a substantially accelerated rate versus our retail business, that'll provide incremental headwind.
Jamere Jackson: Yes, we really haven't disclosed our average entry level wage, but what I, what I will tell you is for the last four years, I've been talking about, we've been operating in the toughest labor and market I've ever seen, and that our wage inflation has been significant. It has basically doubled the wage inflation during this period of time. It is very, very difficult to get new AutoZoners to join the company. I hear that from all of our retail peers. Fortunately in the last five weeks or so we, things have changed a little bit. I don't know if that's directly related to the change in enhanced unemployment or not. But we have seen a meaningful improvement in the ability to hire people in both the distribution centers and the stores over time. But we are dealing with the most significant inflation in the labor market that I've ever seen. And really don't anticipate that slowing down materially until the labor market frees up some.
