William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We're pleased to report our 28th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth and, for the year, to report an EPS growth rate of 18.3%, or 15.6% on a comparable 52-week basis. Our company has continued to be successful over the long run. That success is attributable to our approach of leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. We focus on executing at a high level consistently, which we believe can be a competitive advantage. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Before I conclude, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2013. We were able to build on past accomplishments and deliver some impressive results. In recognition of the dedication, passion and commitment of our AutoZoners, we grew both our Retail and Commercial businesses this past year. With this growth, we were able to achieve and surpass the $9 billion annual sales milestone. We opened our first stores in Brazil. While in early stages of development, we couldn't be more excited about our opportunities in this highly populated country with lots of our kind of vehicles. Third, we acquired AutoAnything in December of last year, providing us access to a second arguably best-in-class dot-com brand. Culturally, the 2 companies couldn't be a better fit. We look forward to learning from and growing our businesses together. Both our inventory assortment testing and hub store remodels continue at an accelerated rate, and their benefit to the sales continue. We are talking more than ever about innovation. As the industry leader, it is imperative that we stay ahead, making sure every aspect of our offerings is improved, from inventory assortments to our Commercial offerings, to leveraging the power of information technology enhancements. We can leave no stone unturned. At the end of the day, our customers have choices and we must innovate to ensure that they turn to us for their vehicle needs. Again, we are very excited about our initiatives around inventory assortment, hub stores, Commercial growth, Mexico, ALLDATA, E-Commerce and Brazil. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate and we expect to continue growing our Commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid-single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leverage our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth in the double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning for the long run. We believe our steady consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief of solid consistent strategy combined with superior execution is a formula for success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are pleased, quite pleased, with our EPS growth and our return on invested capital for Q4 and we remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. I can't wait to get back to our terrific leadership team this morning at our national sales meeting. This team is comprised of exceptional leaders. I can't thank them enough for all they do for our entire organization. We are launching our Creating Customers for Life theme and I know these leaders, combined with our talented team of more than 70,000-plus AutoZoners, will do just that. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Alan. I'm not sure which Bill. Bill Rhodes will take this one at the start. If you want to hear from Giles, just ask for it. I think, generally, the gross margin differences between hard parts and sales for our categories, generally, are not that significantly different. So I think you won't see any material change in our gross margin rate as a result of being more aggressive in hard parts coverage.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I would say they are definitely greater. Definition of significant, I'm not sure I would go there. But as you know, we would forecast what our expectations are for each one of those, both what the hub store, itself, is going to do, plus all the satellites that are attached to that hub store. And as we rolled all through those 92 stores, it has been remarkably close to what our expectation was. So we're quite pleased with them. And yes, they're performing better. And as we get the rest of them up, we anticipate that they'll perform better as well.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, Simeon. We went into some discussions about what we're doing on the inventory assortment front. We did some pretty significant strategic assessments back last winter and end of this spring. And as a result of that, we found some opportunities where we could -- where we believe we could significantly enhance our productivity. So starting in about May, we launched a variety of tests. Some of them are competing tests, but one of them is the mega hub or expanding our hubs even greater than we are today. One of them is what I talked about, a test where we took a large group of stores and used our latest and greatest thinking on the data and leveraging the data for inventory store-level assortments at every individual store. That test proved to work very well and so we are beginning to roll that one even as we speak. It will take about a year for -- because we're going to roll it off with category reviews. It will take about a year for it to get out there. But the vast majority of it should happen between now and February. So we're just trying a lot of different things. We're very excited. Some of them are going to work; some of them aren't going to work. As I mentioned, some of them are competing against each other. So we'll see what happens. It's a little too early to tell yet, but we're confident we found some opportunities to further enhance. The other part that you asked about was Z-net. As we mentioned, about a year ago, we added leveraging information technology as one of our key priorities. And our information technology team has gone to work really collaboratively, particularly with our store operations team, and we're very excited about what we're doing. We're just now, this week, introducing this new version of Z-net to our leaders at the national sales meeting and they are very excited about what they see. So we're excited about what we have in front of us.
William C. Rhodes: I would say the vast majority -- well, I would say the majority of the benefit is coming from those SKUs, but there's also a market basket effect. So if we have the radiator, we also get some of the ancillary parts that were already there that go with that radiator, if that makes sense.
William C. Rhodes: Now we are absolutely competing against a wide variety of competitors, from WDs to local jobbers to individual-owned stores to the people that are public that we always talk about.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I would say we're planning to keep the percentage weighting in Duralast very constant. This is about expanding our ability to say, yes, not adding choice.
William C. Rhodes: I think if you had 5 of us in a room, we'd all have 5 different points of view. We don't know the answer to that yet. We believe it's not 100%. We believe it's significantly above where it is today. Whether that's 80%, 85% or 90%, I don't think we know the answer. And frankly, as we continue to improve our offering, we think it will be higher and higher.
William C. Rhodes: Yes, I think it's a great question, Michael. And I would start with, yes, we have 32.7% return on invested capital. We do not hold incremental investments to that 32.7%. If we have something that will exceed our 15% internal rate of return, we're going to go for it. So that's why we're going with all these tests. We also don't want to go out there and launch something big until we understand the ramifications of it. So that's why we've put these myriad of tests out there and we have great testing methodologies where we can look at tests versus control; look at the cost; look at any capital, if there is any; and then determine: is this the right investment for us over the long term or is it not? So I think our approach works really well. And it's the same approach we use to develop the current Commercial model and the same approach we use to develop the hub store model.
William C. Rhodes: I wouldn't rule out anything. If we can find something that's economically viable and have a high degree of confidence that it's going to work over the long term, we would look at this -- all kinds of different strategies. I want to be very careful, that does not mean that's what we're going to go do. We have a myriad of tests that are out there, where we're looking at how do we improve but also make sure that it's prudent from a financial point of view.
William C. Rhodes: The other element of that, we mentioned many times, is as we continue to grow the Commercial business, it is a natural headwind for us. And we're growing at an accelerated rate versus our DIY business. That is a pretty significant headwind in gross margin.
William C. Rhodes: Yes. I think the reason we wanted to call out the Northeast and the Midwest in particular was that they had been performing so significantly different than the rest of the country for the last 15 months or so. Basically, what we're saying is, we said all along that we thought that was related to the winter of 2011, 2012. That seems to have been right. Now the Northeast performed pretty well this quarter. The Midwest continued to be challenged but not nearly at the rate that it was before. So I wouldn't read too much into that. As far as the batteries and air-conditioning sales, yes, those were a little bit more challenged, particularly in the Eastern United States during the summer months. They'll become less and less important as we move into October. But then we'll get into December where batteries and other failure-related categories will be very important.
William C. Rhodes: It was modestly slower and it was certainly mild. So I think that's a good conclusion. Okay. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. Our culture remains our key point of differentiation from our competition and we must not lose sight of the importance of basic store execution in order to remain very successful. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be incredibly successful. We thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Let me just start by talking a little bit about -- Dan, I would say that we're happy with the productivity of the commercial programs, particularly the new programs. I think -- also, keep in mind that, as we mentioned, we've got -- probably almost 30% of our programs are 3 years old or less and we've opened close to 800 programs in just the last 2 years. So just given an overall maturation curve, you're going to see a little bit of depression on the productivity of the commercial programs taken as a whole. So I would say that we continue to be pretty pleased with the progress of the commercial programs overall. And I think from a hub perspective, we view that more as an evolution. When we added more inventory into those hubs, we recognized that, that was an opportunity and so this continues to evolve. We think there are real opportunities for us to add more inventory into the marketplace, continue to expand our coverage. As we've talked about in the past, we learned that as we added inventory for -- to help support the Commercial business by adding later model coverage, we found that, that actually helped the DIY business as well. And so we think there's better and more opportunity for us to leverage the existing infrastructure that we have out there at a higher rate than we have up to this point.
William T. Giles: Yes. And always keep in mind, our first priority is to be -- to driving EBIT and to drive return on invested capital. And so we will do what is financially viable. But to cut to your real -- answer to your real question is, yes, we anticipate that inventory on a per-store basis is going to increase likely over the next year or 2 as we continue to test more opportunities for us to increase inventory coverage in the marketplace. But again, as you know, our DNA is more of a test and then roll out where it's financially viable. So our expectation is that, yes, inventory on a per-store basis will continue to increase slightly over the next year or so and we'll just continue to manage that. Obviously, we hope that, that's going to continue to drive EBIT dollars or we wouldn't be doing it.
William T. Giles: We haven't really quantified that overall, so I'd be guessing a little bit. But it was certainly probably over 1 point or so over the last couple of quarters. We really saw a fair amount of inflation through fiscal year '12, probably '11 and '12, which kind of helps quite a bit from a comp store sales comparison, if you will. But for fiscal year '13, we've begun to anniversary some pretty good increases in inflation and we're just not seeing that right now. And frankly, we're not seeing that on the horizon either. So we will be up against easier compares, but we will not necessarily have a tailwind on that. So I'd be guessing, Alan, but I'd give it probably that rough estimate.
William T. Giles: Yes. Keep in mind also, Simeon, we've got about a 3% market share. So we're in control of our own destiny.
William T. Giles: I would say that on that, it's probably more reference, just to use your own terminology. I think that we're providing better information for the AutoZoners to provide better service on completing a job, maybe to your point on what the next steps are, et cetera. But for us, it's all about making sure that the customer gets exactly what they need to do the job right. And we believe that we're adding some enhancements, particularly for individual jobs, that will allow the AutoZoners to make sure that happens.
William T. Giles: I would say it's really early. We tested it very lightly because it's more of a technology. It wasn't a significant investment. And then we're going to roll it out relatively quickly. So we'll see. It can only be a plus.
William T. Giles: I wouldn't say they've been absorbed because we haven't rolled out everything overall. So there's going to be some elements of it that are going to be relatively low cost, where we're going to be able to leverage our existing infrastructure at a pretty high level. There may be some increased operational costs as we move some inventory. That would probably show up maybe in SG&A. But I don't think that right now, today, we're indicating that we're going to see material cost increases. And we know we certainly would be well out in front of that with you guys if we saw that. But today, we don't see that.
William T. Giles: Yes. I would say we probably had a minimal loss on market share overall, probably over the past year or so. And I think that, that's regained a fair amount of energy and focus in the organization. We're really excited about the things that we've put together as we kind of head forward into next year. So I don't know what the puts and calls are necessarily. There's a lot of things that we know that we can do better on internally and we think the things we articulated today are what we're going to focus on to regain market share.
William T. Giles: I would say through the quarter versus last year overall. And I would say that what we saw was that traffic had a little bit of an improvement from a trends perspective. And so, actually, tickets been a little bit more of a challenge and we talked about that a little bit earlier relative to the inflation factor.
William T. Giles: I would look at it from the standpoint, I think it's a lot of great work from the merchandising organization in order to balance out terms in some of the inventory that they're adding. Relative to going forward, I think we'll continue to see a little bit of pressure on that number as we add inventory over time. So we're thrilled we're at 116%. We think that's a real -- certainly an industry-leading number for us. We're proud of that number. But we're not trying to chase that number at the risk of not having the appropriate inventory coverage.
William T. Giles: I think that the moderation, I would attribute it more to the prior year activity than the current year activity. I think we've had pretty good improvement on lower acquisition costs, et cetera. I suspect that we had a slightly higher rate of lower acquisition costs, coupled with probably some increase in inflation and, ultimately, will always help margin a little bit. And those things didn't anniversary themselves this year. So I think, overall, when I looked at it, we're flat for last year. x AutoAnything, we're probably up maybe 40 basis points or so. So we still have a very strong margin and a growing margin.
William T. Giles: I would say that at the moment, we're not believing that we'll have significant inflation or deflation, per se. I don't think that we're going to necessarily have significant deflation. So and when you think about it, a lot of this inflation occurred in fiscal year '11 and '12. '13 didn't really have a lot. If there really isn't a lot of inflation or deflation in fiscal year '14, then it should be -- not have a significant comparable impact.
William T. Giles: I think that's a fair way to look at it. That's exactly right. That would be one aspect, a pressure point that would become anniversary-ed when we lap it. And like Bill said, as we continue to grow Commercial, that creates a little bit of headwind. And then we always have opportunities to improve sourcing, so that can be a tailwind.
