Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. These certainly are unique and unprecedented times and they require a very different cadence of data gathering, evaluation and decision-making. I am extraordinarily proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, the motoring public, but doing so in a very safe manner. While making so many significant decisions so quickly, we know we won’t get them all right. And that’s okay, but as long as we are making the best decisions with the right motivations and adjusting as we go, we will continue to persevere. We don’t know what lies ahead of us for the next few months or even the next couple of years. But what I know is we have a very resilient business that has performed exceptionally well in a wide variety of economic environments, and we have extraordinary people who are committed to servicing our customers and helping them get to work, go see their family, drive to a close vacation spot or other personal priorities. I wish we could provide you with more clarity on our expectations on business trends for the fourth quarter. But as I stated before, there are too many unknowns. But I want to be crystal clear, our expectations do not include sales remaining as robust as we experienced in the last few weeks of the third quarter. Our expectation is the stimulus money will work its way through the economy rather quickly. Our best guide is annual tax refunds and typically those funds positively impact our business for about three weeks. Frankly, our focus isn’t on what happens this quarter. It’s are we keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe today while providing our customers with their automotive needs. And more importantly, what can we do during this very difficult time to position our company for even greater future success. What really matters is how are we doing a year or two from now? And I continue to be quite bullish on our industry and in particular on our company. Now, we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Sure. It was very interesting on the commercial business. It took a pretty deep dive. It’s down roughly 30% and it stayed there for three or four weeks. Then it began to rebound. If you look at those last four weeks, it was negative the first two, and then it turned positive the second two, ending it caught in mid-single digits positive. It was also interesting – I can't say whether or not it was tied to miles driven. It certainly began rebounding as the – as the retail business took off when we got the stimulus money in the economy. But also a lot of customers – we saw a significant amount of customers that just stopped purchasing from us altogether for some period of time, our assumption and we tried to reach many of them, is they closed at the beginning of this. And as we got towards the latter part of the quarter, we saw that those non-purchasing customers had decreased substantially, if not completely. So it looks like some of them just closed their shops and went and did whatever they needed to do, stayed at home and then began reopening and our business picked up.
Bill Rhodes: I don't think that our strategy has impacted one bit by what's happened in retail or commercial in any significant way at this point in time. Now, we're going to have to understand and watch what happens with consumer behavior. I don't think anybody really knows as the economies and the cities start reopening, who knows what consumer behavior is going to look like. So far what we're seeing is it looked a whole – looks a whole lot like it did before the pandemic, but I'm sure consumers are going to adjust parts of their behavior and we’ll have to adapt accordingly to that. But on the commercial side of the business, the only thing that's still holding us back is, is we're not doing a lot of face to face sales calls yet. We'll be doing that probably before long, but we're not out there being able to tell our story like we were before.
Bill Rhodes: And I completely understand, okay. We have a long history of not talking about what's going on intra-quarter because we release our earnings within two and a half weeks of our quarter end. So I just don't want to be giving two and a half week information and people trying to extrapolate that. I wouldn't make the interpretation that our business has gone way down since that point in time, but that's really all I want to say.
Bill Rhodes: I don't think it would be coming all from new customers. You have to believe that we're building our business with our existing customers, too. And as Seth mentioned in the previous one about our initiatives on commercial, we feel really good about the initiatives that we have in place, and a lot of it has to do with being easier to do business with our commercial customers, getting more inventory closer to our commercial customers, improving the time in which we can deliver that product. And that will continue on, and that's going to benefit both new customers and existing customers. So our ability to be able to grow with our existing customers remains very strong.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, terrific questions. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the middle part of the country, Simeon, whether it was urban, suburban or rural, all had the same roller coaster. Maybe not – didn't go down quite as far but certainly went down significantly. They just rebounded faster, and they've increased more during this period of time. As far as the product categories, yes, there's been a lot of changes, some really interesting trends in the product categories. For instance, right now, we're seeing more work in paint and body than we've seen in a long time. And it's across the board. It's Bondo. It's sandpaper. It's paint. People just have time on their hands and they are doing some of those projects that they haven't done before. Excellent question about does that mean we're pulling some businesses forward or that we're going to have a headwind or a tailwind because of gross margin, I don't think any of that is true. I think we're probably pulling some work that was never going to happen before, and it's happening now.
Bill Rhodes: On the first part of your question, Simeon, on miles driven, we were very intentional in our prepared remarks to talk about miles driven. I think AutoZone was actually the one that came out with that notion 25 years ago or so that there was an important factor underlying the trajectory of the industry. And we’ve held to that and believed that however, and we learned during the Great Recession that during certain periods of time, it is not correlated very well at all with the industry same-store sales. We saw that in 2009, 2010 and 2011. That there are just other factors and our thought is when people have a high degree of unemployment, people aren’t buying new cars and the like that miles driven aren’t as important as they were.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Terrific questions. Many of which we’re thinking through and we certainly don’t have definitive conclusions at this point in time. I think on the shift between DIY and DIFM, there’s been a long pattern of both sectors of the industry growing pretty well. DIY has been – our DIFM has been growing slightly faster than DIY, but DIY has continued to grow almost every single year. A lot of people are starting to talk about work-from-home. I think that they’re also not thinking about who our customer is, for the most in particular, on the DIY side of the business. Our customers’ generally are financially fragile customer. They’re not going to have the opportunity to work-from-home. They’re working blue collar jobs in a lot of cases. And so their shift in work, even during the crisis wasn’t to go work at home, they had to be out doing their jobs. As we’ve seen, we rolled out curbside pickup, which was really great. Our team did it in a remarkably short period of time. And we’ve seen all of our digital sales grow through Buy Online Pick-Up In-Store, which includes curbside. We’ve seen our next day delivery grow and we’ve seen our ship to home grow. The biggest growth that we’ve seen is in our Buy Online and Pick-Up In-Store. And as I’ve been out in stores, I’ve yet to see a customer do a curbside order. And as I talked to AutoZoners, I ask them, are you getting a lot of curbside orders? And they say, no. Once the customers realize that we’re open, in fact, they’ll come to the door and say, can we come inside? Then they want to come in and interact with our most important asset, which is our AutoZoners. So as people start returning to this new normal, it seems like their behaviors are pretty consistent with the way they were in the past. Now our Buy Online and Pick-Up In-Store is basically double what it was pre crisis right now. But that’s still a very, very small percentage of our business.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, we absolutely saw commercial customers close on a temporary basis. Probably, as indicated by we had zero purchases from them for weeks, call it 5% to 10% of our commercial customers. It's very interesting as the stimulus money came in, as the commercial business began to pick up. One of the interesting things we've seen is, we were worried about our commercial receivables. Well, we're seeing that our commercial customers are in fact catching up on the receivables that they got behind on in the crisis. So I don't see any big wave of commercial customers that are closing. I'm sure that they are on the margin, certain commercial customers that were nearing retirement or we're teetering on the edge of not being solvent and they're going to go away. But I don't think that that business is going to go away. The customer might – that particular shop might go away, but then the work is just going to move to another shop. So I don't see any significant shifts yet at this point in time.
Bill Rhodes: Sure. For a long time, we've been working on making sure that we have diversity in particular categories, vendor diversity. And as – it's actually again thinking about this long before the crisis hit, but the crisis made it even more acute at this point in time. But as you think about what's happened with China with the tariffs over the last year or so, it's significantly increased our cost structure at a moment’s notice and what having all of certain categories, even if we had two or three or four vendors, all of those vendors would were in China take rotors and steel products, for example. All of those are coming out of China, when that happens and you get slapped with a 10% or 25% tariff, your costs went up 10% or 25% overnight. So we need to be thinking as we always have about vendor diversity, we also need to think about country diversity and this situation COVID-19 only made that, that much more important.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, that's a fantastic question. I can't do it with data. I can tell you when your business changes 50% in two days, that there's a pretty strong correlation that consumer behavior changes take more time than that.
Bill Rhodes: Absolutely not, I think if anything, we're moving up that list. There are certain players in the commercial side of the industry that don't have the financial strength that we have. We've been there throughout the entire crisis, taking care of our customers and getting better and better every day. So I think if anything, we moved up that list and the crisis and I don't hear a lot of people talking about their commercial business being positive like we said, ours was for the last two weeks of the quarter.
Bill Rhodes: I think it would definitely be on private label side more so than branded parts for sure. With this, what we've been doing with the China products anyway. Certainly Bret, it would take a considerable amount of time, but it's one of those things, if you don't ever start it, then you'll never get there. We've already begun some of that work. In fact, right before the crisis, I can remember having a conversation about some of our folks go into Turkey and we're like, are we comfortable with them going to Turkey? But those kinds of markets, Vietnam, South Korea, we've been working those markets for some time, India. And Mexico is bigger than anybody outside of China. So we're going to continue to cultivate those relationships and learn those new suppliers over time.
Bill Rhodes: And that's the age-old question. I mean, I think it's been 34,000 to 36,000 auto parts outlets for 20 years or so. I just – I don't have a good insight into that Bret. I wish I did, but obviously hard times are going to put more pressure on folks than good times are. I would expect a higher percentage than we've seen over the last five years. But does it go up 10% or does it go up 25%? I don't know.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I think the other part of that too is when we think about our business, we're going to pull out those COVID-related expenses. So if you pull them out, that also changes the leverage metric a little bit.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I want to pivot and encourage us all to take all the precautions we can take to keep everyone safe and healthy. Yes, we're taking precautions that inconvenience us. But during these times, our personal actions matter. And as we celebrated Memorial Day yesterday, we should remember all the heroes of yesteryear, but also remember today's heroes. They all matter. May God bless America during this challenging time. Thank you for being with us today.
Bill Giles: Yes, let me just add on to that, too. I mean one of the bigger changes that we saw as our business started growing significantly almost two years ago now, one of the biggest KPIs that improved for us was mature customer growth in mature programs, which said to us that we're becoming more and more important to our most important customers.
Bill Giles: Yes. I think that from a share perspective, we're going to continue to do what we've been doing in terms of organically growing and taking market share. We believe that there's significant opportunity. Now given the current environment, I suspect that some players in the industry will continue to be challenged. And so that may create opportunities or not, but we're going to continue to stick with our strategy, and a lot of that is organic growth.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think overall, I mean, like we gain market share during that time period and overall for sure. And so we feel pretty good about that. I think also we were in the heart of the tax season and so we were able to execute very well on that. There was also – to be fair, there was probably a little bit of the 53rd week shift in that time period as well that benefited us, but it was a strong period for us.  We had mentioned at the end of Q2 that we felt pretty good about starting Q3 and all the things that we thought we had in place, et cetera, from a supply chain perspective, from inventory initiatives. And so we were strong on both fronts and so we were pretty well positioned as we headed into Q3 and it showed up in our first four weeks of our numbers.
Bill Giles: It was probably less than a 100 basis points for sure, probably closer to 40 to 50 during that time period.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think that we'll continue to see some modest positive it’s a very good way to say Chris, in terms of our ability to be able to continue to expand our supply, our sourcing capabilities. When you think about the gross margin overall for this quarter, couple of interesting parts is that, one is that the commercial business was actually at a decrease. So although that typically is a headwind for us, it was not so much of a headwind in this quarter. Now at the same time, from a retail perspective, although we were very strong in the retail side of the business, couple of categories that Bill mentioned before are lighting, wipers that typically have higher margin were less sold as people were certainly driving less at night. So those two categories probably were a little bit of a headwind, so that kind of mixed out. And we wound up having kind of a flattish gross margin, so frankly we feel really good about the health of our gross margin, right and would continue to expect it to be strong and slightly positive as we move forward.
Bill Giles: Yes, no, I mean we certainly, we ended the last quarter 2.6. So I think that anywhere in that neighborhood where we would be comfortable. So those are the credit metrics that we've always said.
