William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. While we are encouraged for the remainder of the year by the favorable macro environment and the traction we are gaining with our internal sales initiatives, we understand we must continue to execute on our game plan. We are optimistic looking at the back half of the fiscal year. Last year, we were impacted negatively by the delay in income tax refunds and the impact of a second consecutive mild winter. Timing of this year's income tax refund season is expected to be similar to last year, and therefore, we do not expect a material impact on the third quarter. We're excited to intensify our focus on our core businesses because we see these core businesses as tremendously attractive and in strong markets. We will continue our domestic and international expansion efforts, growing roughly 200 locations annually. We will continue to focus on growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate to the market growth. We will accelerate our omni-channel efforts, and we will leverage ALLDATA as the premier tool our shops use in the automotive aftermarket. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segment and we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2018 and beyond. As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their vehicles, we are committed to providing the trustworthy advice they expect. It is truly the value-add that differentiates us from any other faceless transaction. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial websites and in-store experience to provide even more knowledgeable service. We don't ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want, but today's customers do expect more information on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will be long into the future. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 38 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William C. Rhodes: That's a great question, Alan. First of all, it's the second time we divested of a business. We did sell the TruckPro business, if you recall, back in 2001 or 2002. In each of these cases, the first thing I'll tell you is as we get into these other businesses that are maybe half a step away from our core business, the profitability dynamics are just very, very different than what we experience in our core business, and it really makes us further appreciate the strength of this core business on a long-term basis. Specifically on AutoAnything, we bought them to learn. Online-only retail at that time, this is 2012, was really emerging and we felt like it was important that we understood that business and understood it to see if we could grow it, but also to understand it and what its implications would be to the long-term of our business. As you can see from both of those businesses, they're not terribly profitable. In fact, we were operating both of them at a net loss. And the more we've learned about both the online-only area and AutoZone.com, we have become more confident that we need to leverage the strengths of our business, particularly the knowledgeable people that we have in our stores. And so our decision has been let's go and double down on the core business, both AutoZone.com and our retail operations, as well as commercial. And we feel really good about those decisions. We do want to say thanks again to the people with AutoAnything and IMC, great AutoZoners and did a wonderful job for us, just tougher markets.
William C. Rhodes: Thank you, Alan. Great questions, again. I've said this in our prepared remarks, and I want to emphasize it again. We have not made final decisions on that. And frankly, we haven't had a board meeting since the Tax Reform was passed. You know us to be very methodical in what we do. We're not going to go out and make quick decisions. We're going to evaluate what we think the right decisions are for the long term. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we're looking at wages. We've been talking about the increased pressure on wages over the last year or so. And one implication of Tax Reform is that those pressures on wages are intensifying. You've heard other retailers and other businesses talk about raising their minimum wages and the like. So we are very focused on making sure that we are market competitive with our wages. Our people are our most important asset, and it is imperative that we have the best people and it's imperative that we pay them appropriately. So I think that will be a big part of what we focus on. As for when do those investments pay off, it's going to depend on when they come in. I've said in the prepared remarks, you know what, don't look for these all come in this quarter. They'll be feathered in overtime as we're prepared to execute them.
William C. Rhodes: Sure. And I would say this is probably not new, Matt, but if you go back to our conference call in September, if you remember last year this time there was a lot of anxiety that the market, the industry fundamentals had been disrupted and were going to be changed over a long period of time. Back in September, I made a very intentional point to say that our five-year average growth in same-store sales was 1.9%. So this quarter, we ended at 2.2%. I don't think the industry fundamentals have changed significantly this year, last year, or over the last five years. I'm pretty pleased with the 2.2% comp that we had in the quarter. If you recall, we knew we were going to be up against a tough beginning of the quarter because the only weather we got last year was kind of between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So we were a little challenged in that period of time. When the first cold weather hit, our sales absolutely performed and did wonderfully. As we got later in the quarter, our sales softened. That to us was not a big surprise. It was cold and rainy, and as it gets – you get the sales pop when you get the first cold snap. You don't get continued failure of batteries and the like when you get continued cold spells. What we are optimistic about for the balance of the year, and one thing we talked about for the last two years is our maintenance businesses in Q3 and Q4 have been challenged. The road conditions, salt, potholes and the like, help brakes and chassis and shocks and struts, and so we anticipate as we go into the back half of the year that our conditions should be pretty favorable. One other thing that I want to make sure and reinforce is when you look at the two-year comp for Q2, I think some people were concerned about that, don't forget, last year, we lost the tax money in Q2. We did not pick that back up this year. So that was a fundamental shift in the business.
William C. Rhodes: Great question, Chris. On the third quarter, I do want you to remember also last year we didn't get the tax money that we thought we'd get in the third quarter of last year, so that was part of the challenge. What happens with that tax money this year, we really don't know. For the most part, it didn't start arriving until last Friday. That was the first time a significant amount of tax money arrived in the marketplace, so we'll see over time. As far as the forecast in the future, as you know, we don't give guidance. And we're talking about five years of 1.9% and this quarter at 2.2%. Those are very similar numbers. What happens on a go-forward basis? I think we've been pretty clear, we're optimistic about the second half, but I don't want to put a number on it.
William C. Rhodes: I think to a large extent it'll be timing. When we talked about making some of the reinvestments, as we mentioned, some of those may take 18 to 24 months as we go through and evaluate where the best places are and what the dollar amounts will be, et cetera. But I think that our philosophy relative to our operating model remains intact with the exception that as we have this benefit from the Tax Reform Act that ultimately will put more pressure on wages in the marketplace in general. But we'll respond to that. We want to get out in front of that, and so we'll take an opportunity to take a portion of those Tax Reform dollars and be able to invest them back in the business to continue to drive EPS overall. But I don't think anything's changed in our operating model excluding that.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah. I'll start with the first one on are we seeing the maintenance items, the under-car items come up. Not yet, we aren't. But the weather has not been conducive to it and usually we see it at the time when the weather finally breaks and gets into the 50-degree, 60-degree range, when people can get outside and work on their vehicles and that really hasn't happened. So we're not surprised by any stretch of imagination that we haven't seen it materialize yet, and we're quite optimistic that it will materialize over time. On the six to seven-year-old car part, if you've listened to us, we haven't made that big of a deal out of it over time. Yeah, it was a minor headwind, but I don't think it was a – it was never one that we called out as a significant driver of our performance. So I don't think it'll be a significant driver this year either.
William C. Rhodes: We haven't seen that yet. This is a very volatile time of year for us. Every single year, the second quarter, the beginning of the third quarter is clearly the most volatile period of time. So to be able to pick up on those nuances would be pretty challenging. We've also done some work and are continuing to do some work on what does it actually mean to our customers? And if you look at it, it can be a meaningful dollar amount. Tax Reform can be a meaningful dollar amount over the year, but the change in their check on an every two-week basis is pretty small. And so we're kind of wondering how are we going to see that? It's really easy to see it when you get a tax refund. We can absolutely see that in our business. But if you're picking up $30 to $70 every two weeks in your check, I don't know how we're going to be able to ferret that out.
William C. Rhodes: Absolutely, the buyback is still a very important part of our structure. But our capital structure all along has been, number one, invest in the assets that we have today to make them perform at an optimum level. Secondly, invest in new assets. So think new stores in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, new commercial programs, and on and on. Thirdly, we repurchase shares with the balance of that excess cash flow. That will not change, has not changed. We are looking at are there some areas that we should invest at an accelerated rate, and that's what we called out this morning. But again I want to reiterate we have not made final decisions on any of that at this point in time.
William C. Rhodes: Yeah. I think the way to think about it is – and you're right on the track there. It's really an economic decision, so we're looking at the volume of those stores in determining what kind of lift that they can get in order to support the incremental cost, and that's how we bifurcated the overall chain and determined what stores would wind up getting that more frequent delivery. As we realign that versus what we are doing today, we actually think the costs will be relatively consistent with where it has been. So there'll be some pushes and pulls, but the cost would be relatively consistent.
William C. Rhodes: Terrific question, Greg. First of all, I think, if you recall, when first bought IMC, we talked about the incredibly small overlap of the customers that we had, and that hasn't changed. But over time, we have, in our core business, we have gotten deeper and deeper in import coverage, primarily through the Duralast brand, and we will continue to do that. So I don't see any major shift in how we go to market. I think all of us and we at AutoZone in particular have constantly been enhancing our coverage on import parts. When you think about the mega hubs and hubs, there's a lot of that there, but there's a lot of it in just those core satellite stores as well. So I think we'll continue to focus on the import market, but not a major shift. What we won't be doing is selling to high-end import market, which is where IMC is really good at. So think about BMWs and Mercedes in particular. And that's just a part of the market that we're not focused on.
William C. Rhodes: We're still working through the timing. We made a decision last Monday, so this is fresh. It's going to take us a little bit of time as we rewrite delivery schedules to get in. But I'd say it will be in place over the next several months. So the net change is not going to be significant. We've been testing low volume stores at three times a week, high volume stores at one time a week and the like for the last year, year and a half in particular. So the net change is not going to be significant. We're going to have lower volume stores that are getting three time a week delivery today that will go back to one time a week delivery. We're going to have high-volume stores that are getting once a week delivery to get three time a week delivery. We think it will have a marginal sales benefit and a neutral cost impact once it's implemented.
William C. Rhodes: Great, thank you. Before we conclude the call, I'd just like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We continue to execute our game plans to succeed this fiscal year. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call.
William T. Giles: Yeah, and that's a good point, Matt. And to be honest with you, we just want to be transparent and show you guys that they're not profitable, but they're very, very small businesses overall. But they're probably on an annualized basis combined single-digit, low-double digit EBIT loss, so, but we'll break that out as we go forward and you guys can model it in.
William T. Giles: No, it's an undisclosed number. But look, we feel pretty good about what we did with these two units. We're glad to move on and put them under different ownership and focus back on our core, because we're pretty excited about our core.
William T. Giles: Yeah. I would think of it almost as a bell curve on the quarter to some extent. You're right. When we anniversaried some of that strong performance at the early part of the quarter given the weather that hit last year, business was a little bit more challenging. When we hit the heart of the quarter, business was really strong and a lot of that was weather related. As Bill mentioned in the prepared remarks, as we hit the tail end of the quarter, we had a lot of wet, chilly type of weather throughout the country, and that was a little bit softer, but we think we're pretty well positioned as we head into Q3. And as Bill said, the tax money is now arriving. We don't know what the impact of that will be, but we feel pretty good as we start to head into Q3.
William T. Giles: Yeah. It was an annualized number from an EBIT perspective. And, like I said, we'll disclose that as we move forward so that you guys will be able to see it. We don't really disclose the volume on AutoZone.com because what's really important to us is the eyeballs that we get to the site. So we get a significant amount of traffic on a weekly basis, much of which we believe transfers itself into sales inside of our store. Certainly our buy online, pickup in store business, which is not significant but clearly the fastest growing channel of growth that we have continues to do really well. So that's where we really fall back to this concept that we really believe with the assets that we have that investing in the omni-channel is really our core strategy, and that's how we're going to move forward.
William T. Giles: Yes, that's right, that's ballpark-ish, and the CapEx would still be its own separate strategy, and we'll continue with what we've done in the past. But think about that as $200 million-plus in Tax Reform money and the majority of that will go back to shareholders, per se, and less than the majority will be invested back in the business.
William T. Giles: Yes, to a large extent, it would be. I don't see us investing necessarily in the supply chain or margin – or gross margin, so it likely will show up in SG&A over time. But as Bill said, it will probably be over a longer period of time of 18 to 24 months, and it's worthy of stepping back for a second and just saying that we haven't made determinations as to exactly what that number is going to be or how it is going to be spent. We're just giving you an idea of what we're thinking about now.
William T. Giles: Yes. It's probably more timing than anything else, Steve, and I would say that on an annualized basis we should be pretty consistent with prior year. So there's probably a little bit of juggling in between quarters. That's all I would think about.
