Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. While we had a strong start to our fiscal year, we are careful to not over commit to any outcomes when it comes to our second fiscal quarter. The second quarter has perpetually been our most volatile quarter due to many things I‘ve already highlighted. We believe our industry’s fundamentals remain very strong and are likely improving with the price at the pump decreasing. We've seen predictions that it will be a relatively harsh winter, but I'm not sure our insights into upcoming winters have traditionally been very strong. I know we will adjust and optimize our performance regardless of conditions and we remain very bullish on the long term fundamentals of our industry, both in retail and commercial.  We are excited about our balanced model for growth around domestic, retail commercial, international, online and pick up in-store. We believe our hubs and mega hubs, Mexico, all data and e-commerce can all grow their top lines in 2019. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us.  We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments and as we continue to be excited about our industry's growth prospects for 2019 and beyond. As customers continue to look to save money while taking care of their vehicles, we are committed to providing the trustworthy advice that they have come to expect. It truly is the value add that differentiates us from any other faceless transaction. Customers have come to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial websites and in-store experience to provide even more knowledgeable service.  Service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will be long into the future. Our job remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 40 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. I'm not sure that there's a difference. I think it's about blocking and tackling more than anything else, Simeon. As we mentioned in the last call, in the second half of the last year, our execution wasn't up to our standard across the enterprise and we, as a senior management team and across the organization, really re-dedicated ourselves to customer service across the organization and on the commercial side, the biggest thing that we've done is we've enhanced the engagement of the local store team and particularly the store manager. They own that business. They have to own that business. Many of them grew up with retail only as their strength. And so, as we've matured in this business, they're getting more and more involved and I think that's leading to our success.
Bill Rhodes: Well, I think there certainly are geographies that are outperforming others and that's always the case based upon weather patterns or what happened last year. Probably, the biggest difference over the last couple of years with our commercial business is for -- from -- for 5, 6, 7 years, we were really focused on opening new programs and that's where our sales growth was coming from. As those new program openings slowed down, we had to figure out ways to grow our business in the -- with existing stores and with existing customers and I think that that's where we've been successful.  I would also say that our traditional up and down the street business has been very strong and that speaks to the same thing, just focused on the customer relationship day in and day out, providing fast deliveries. I think the other thing is more and more the Duralast brand is becoming stronger and stronger in the automotive aftermarket, if you looked at it 10 years ago, a lot of people thought it was a weakness. I don't think there's anybody out there that thinks it's a weakness anymore.
Bill Rhodes: I would just -- we don't give guidance. I want to be very careful on that. I would just encourage you to go back and look at what's happened over the last 6 or 7 years. I’ve spent some time about a little over a year ago talking about how tight demand is of our industry's performance and our performance. It just doesn't fluctuate significantly and I just turn you back to look at what's happened since 2013 for instance. 2013 was a bad year with weather and our sales were softer. ’14, ’15, ‘16 were stronger, so we'll see what happens.
Bill Rhodes: Well, we obviously corrected the online promotions about a week and a half before the beginning of our first quarter. So that was up and running the entire quarter and oh, by the way, it was enhanced by our next day delivery program that was in 80 plus markets at the beginning of the quarter and ended in 95 plus markets. So, we had some benefit of rolling next day, but that's not a material driver. As far as the product category changeovers, most of them had recovered by the beginning of the quarter, but some of them still hadn't and frankly there's still a couple of them that we still have some lingering effects, but the vast majority of it was behind us, as we came into the quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Seth, I would say that that commentary is inconsistent with our experience. And I would also say, I'd add an exclamation point to it and we're talking about a different period of time. This quarter started at the beginning of September, ran through mid-November. That is inconsistent with what we experienced and in fact we spent a lot of time coming into this quarter, talking about the fact that we had those massive hurricanes last year. If you remember, they were significant in all of Southeast Texas, in particular, Houston.  And then you had the whole South Texas and central or sorry, South Florida and Central Florida were impacted and then Puerto Rico where we have a significant presence, those were all impacted. But we were expecting to have a pretty tough compare coming into this quarter and the performance that we had was certainly an acceleration of the performance that we had in the summer.
Bill Rhodes: We haven’t given a lot of clarity on that. So think about it as three different buckets. Ship to home, our next day delivery program and buy online, pick up in store. Buy online, pick up in store is the largest of those three segments by a pretty significant margin. So yes, it says that the customer needs that trustworthy advice. They need to figure out what do they need to fix, how do they fix it, do they need the tools, do they need to fix finders, all those things, that's what drives them into the store and that's why this is the perfect channel in my opinion for an omnichannel experience, not just an online experience.
Bill Rhodes: That's a great question and frankly one that I'm not sure we have wonderful answers to, because we're new on this journey as well. Yes, we went from 80% of the US population to 85% of the US population, including Puerto Rico. I would not expect us to get to 100% and I would think that our growth from here would be fairly limited, because you're talking about less dense areas of the United States. Is it continuing to grow? Absolutely. It's also, I would say, a minuscule part of our business today.  So I don't want to get pumped as up as some massive change in our offering. It is a really good offering for a customer who needs that service and we are certainly the only ones in our sector and frankly probably leading all of retail for a customer to be able to order something as late as 10 PM and have it on their doorstep the next day. But it is again a very small part of our business. I hope it grows and I hope that it satisfies customers and meet some of their needs that couldn't be met yesterday.
Bill Rhodes: Yeah. I would say that guidance is still intact and that would be a little bit towards the lower end of that range, but I would say that that guidance is still intact.
Bill Rhodes: We haven't made any changes to the incentive compensation structure. What we have done and again, you have to remember, we did grow up as a retailer. We were a retailer long before we ever got in the wholesale business and most of our management team grew up as retail first, I call it, when they think, they're fastball, it's retail. So one of the things we don't over the last, I guess, starting in the fourth quarter is, we started getting our store managers to make sales calls directly to the customers.  So leave the store and go in the shop and make sales calls. In doing so, they certainly get a better understanding of the commercial business, they also have the opportunity to hear from their customers face to face what's going well and where there are opportunities for improvement and that has just driven their engagement at a very different level than it was before. I applaud our team for coming up with this approach and I think it's working at this point in time.
Bill Rhodes: I think it's probably, I don't know for sure, so I hate to get pinned down on a number, but it's probably in the 1% to 2% range.
Bill Rhodes: Okay. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We are excited about our growth prospects for the year. We do not take anything for granted, as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long term shareholder value, we're confident AutoZone will continue to be successful. We thank you for participating in today's call and we'd like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy holiday season and a prosperous New Year. Thanks for your time.
Bill Giles: That's a great question. I would say that we have seen very moderate inflation overall, but we are seeing a little bit. And so, I would say some of our margin benefit this year continues to be the great work that our merchandising organization is doing at lowering acquisition costs across the board and our ability to continue to pass on retail pricing where appropriate for products that do experience some cost inflation. From a tariff respective, we haven't seen a significant impact on this first round of tariffs. And obviously, the Chinese currency was devalued, so there was some opportunity for us to mitigate some of those tariff increases, but I think our merchandising organization has done a great job of mitigating that. So overall, I’d say, a little bit of inflation, which we think long term will be helpful and continued ability to pass on some retail pricing.
Bill Giles: I would say that relative to the systems, I mean, we're always working on some things in order to enhance our ability to be able to do business with our customers on an easier basis, whether that be billings, looking at activity, et cetera. There's a host of things that we're working on today and will likely launch later in the calendar year of 2019. We feel great about the commercial business growth rate that we achieved in this quarter, being up double digits. We still said it's one of the strongest performances we've had in a few years and so we feel good about the momentum and I think a lot of it is really gets back to the blocking and tackling. So the systems will be a benefit, but there's a whole host of other things that we're doing every single day in order to help drive commercial. So we feel good about where we are.
Bill Giles: Fuel was a little bit of a headwind, it wasn't significant, but obviously, as you see it as we do as well, we're encouraged by fuel prices coming down as of recent. So I think it was a little bit of a headwind in Q1, not significant, not worth calling out, but we hope that moderates going forward.
Bill Giles: I think we're still trying to learn what's going to happen with tax refunds and frankly every year, we are. What's the timing? That seems to be more certain this year than it was a couple of years ago. The real question is, what are people's withholding rates going to be versus the tax credits that they're getting and this is all a brand new world for everybody. So I don't think we have very good visibility into what that's going to mean. At the end of the day, I can't do anything about it except market into it. We will be marketing into tax season, regardless of whether it's bigger or smaller. So that's where we are at this point.
Bill Giles: Greg, it definitely was 40 basis points. That was the direct portion and I would say it absolutely came right back. So yes, that was a difference. The question that we had that really is very difficult to answer is there's a lot of customers that are going to our website and our competitors’ websites to look for pricing and availability. If we're out there, without a promotion and others are out there with a promotion, does a customer dig deeper into the website, because of a price perception and therefore even though they're doing in-store purchases, do they -- do we get at a disadvantage about not being that promotional effort? I don't know what the answer to that is. So it's definitely at least 40 basis points. It could be more than that.
Bill Giles: I don’t have a number off the top of my head, Greg, to give you exactly what percentage of our CGS is impacted by the current tariffs that are going. Obviously, you’re right. The next round is going to be broader, if it does happen, and obviously, at a higher rate. So there will be some impact from that. Traditionally, the industry's had a very good track record of being able to pass on increased prices to consumers. So we currently expect that to continue, but we'll wait and see.
Bill Giles: I wouldn't really chalk it up to either of those. You have to remember, our market share is only 3% in the commercial business and I think what we do dwarfs anything that's going on in the macro environment. And if you look at the succession of our growth the last three quarters, we've accelerated the growth and basically doubled where we were about a year ago. I don't think there's anything in the macro that would be contributing to that. And I also think, I don't want to overstate that it was what we did in the fourth quarter with sales calls or anything else.  This has been a long standing program to improve our commercial business. If we look at the work that we've done over the last three years on inventory availability, our ability to say yes to our commercial customers needs is vastly different than it was a few years ago. And as I mentioned earlier, the Duralast brand is becoming a really strong brand in the commercial side of the aftermarket. That was not the case years ago, but I think it's more about what we're doing and less about the macro factors.
Bill Giles: Yeah. I would say it's certainly way over 50%. It's the core of our program and we're spending a lot of time and energy building that side of the businesses as the national accounts as well, but that is a healthy part of the business and continues to grow.
Bill Giles: Let me back to what Bill said before, we have such a very small market share today. We view everything as very green field and with significant opportunities. I'm sure we're taking a little bit from everyone.
