Bill Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. We're very pleased to report our 37th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, growing this quarter to rate of 14% over last year. To execute at a high level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off of execution. While we study the external environment and react where appropriate, we must take a minute to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with a strong attention to detail and exceptional execution. We are confident in our initiatives, and we are pleased with the progress we are making in rolling out our new supply chain model by delivering inventory to our stores on a more frequent basis. In addition, the performance of our mega hubs has been strong, and we look forward to opening more. We believe these initiatives will benefit both our retail and commercial businesses. Our long-term model is to grow new store square footage at a low single-digit growth rate. And we expect to continue growing our commercial business at an accelerated rate. Therefore, we look to routinely grow EBIT dollars in the mid single-digit range or better in times of strength. And we leveraged our very strong and predictable cash flow to repurchase shares, enhancing our earnings per share growth in the double digits. We feel the track we are on will allow us to continue winning in the long run. We believe our steady, consistent strategy is correct. It is the attention to details and consistent execution that will matter. Our belief is, the solid, consistent strategy, combined with superior execution drives success. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions, and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each and every quarter is how we measure ourselves. We are pleased with our results this past quarter, but we must not be content. There's a lot of work in front of us over the next three quarters, but the future looks bright. Before moving to the Q&A section, I'd like to address some of our recent organizational changes. In late September, Larry Roesel informed us that he was retiring this fall. Larry led our commercial business for eight-and-a-half years. And we experienced tremendous growth during his tenure. We thank Larry for his incredible contributions to our success, and wish he and his wife, Beverly, all the best in retirement. Additionally, Mike Womack recently informed us that he and his family will be moving back to their home in Ohio. Mike has led our human resources organization for three-and-a-half years. Under his leadership, our HR processes have continued to improve. We wish Mike and his family all the best as they return home. In light of these changes, we have elevated three long-term AutoZoners to Executive Vice President, and we have promoted five AutoZoners to Senior Vice President. I am very excited about these individuals, their promotions, and the impact they will have on our business. These are very talented leaders, and they have tremendous AutoZone tenure. On the average, these eight AutoZone leaders have over 25 years of AutoZone tenure. This is a great testament to our unique and powerful culture. And it highlights that our diligent work around succession planning is paying dividends. Now we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, couple of great questions. First of all, we will open our distribution center in Mexico, our second DC in Mexico hopefully by this fiscal year or first of the next fiscal year. The two DCs that we're working on domestically currently will not open until 2017, hopefully one in the first or second quarter, and then the second one in the third or fourth quarter. As you know, those things take time. As those distribution centers open, clearly they will have some capital investments, but on the operating expense front I don't think that they will be a material contributor to drive our operating expenses up or down. As we do more frequent deliveries they're going to have some benefits because the stem miles of the transportation routes will be shorter, but obviously they will have incremental operating expenses of having a new facility, and a new management team, and all those things. I think those will net out generally.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, and I would say that was one of the things that we looked at when we first started our test on this program. The store operators like it. They like it a lot. Number one, when the truck comes in it's in bite sized pieces, so it's much more easy to work into the daily activities, versus being the big event of the week, where they have to have all hands on deck. So they like it. Yes, it pulls down safety stock which is one of the challenges we have when we talked about our store of the future trying to eliminate some of the physical constraints that we have on our stores. One thing this does is pull down the safety stock and it allows us to put more parts on the shelf. So from an operating standpoint, I think it's all-systems-go, and they really like it.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, Dan, there's clearly a deviation. But I would say first of all, that the benefits that we see from both of the inventory availability initiatives are both on the retail side and the commercial side. I wouldn't say that those stores reacted any differently in comparison than they did in Q4, if that makes sense.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I think that's right. And as a reminder, when we do the delivery frequency in the mega hubs, we see about a $1000 to $1500 per store if you get both elements of that. That differential seems to be confirmed in everything we've done so far. And we did see a moderation in our sales growth kind of across the board.
Bill Rhodes: But you know we don't talk about specifics on our commercial customers, but obviously Firestone is one of our great customers. We appreciate their business, but I don't want to get into specifics on them. And obviously we don't do much, if any, business with Pep Boys.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, I think clearly we are seeing some industry strength currently. I think a part of that has to do with what's going on with gas prices. And while gas prices initially went down, you didn't see the initial correlation with miles driven increasing. But in more recent months, starting really strong in this summer, and continuing through September, the latest date that we have available, it’s showing nice strength. Over long periods of time we've seen that has a nice correlation with our DIY industry growth. I'd also say that our performance I don't think is solely based on industry. We talked about it in the prepared remarks. We're also gaining market share, and I think a lot of these initiatives that we have in place particularly around inventory availability are beginning to pay dividends, and remember, we're just very early in the early innings.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. I don't think the analysis that we have is that finite. What I would tell you is we would think that we're getting a benefit of 1% to 2% at this point in time in our DIY business. As per who we're gaining market share from, I don't really want to get into that. I'm more focused on are we gaining market share and what we're going to do to gain more of it.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Thank you, great question. Number one, we wanted to call out what happened in the last two weeks of the quarter, because it was materially different. It wasn't materially different this year from the other weeks in the quarter. What was materially different was last year. We have that very first significant cold snap, and last year was really significant. And it happened in the last two weeks of the quarter. Our sales spiked during those last two weeks. As we all know, it's been a warm fall. The beginning of winter is warm so far. What happens going forward, we don't know, they're calling for it to be a warmer winter; we will see what happens. And I don't think necessarily when you think about average temperatures, is that really the driver, what we need are a few really abrupt cold snaps, because the parts that are on the verge of failing will fail when those cold snaps happen and we will get our failure-related business back in those categories.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. Clearly we said many times over that a harsh winter does benefit us in the spring and summer. We've never been able to go in and say specifically how much it drives us, but clearly -- and it really happens with the under car parts. So what happens with a tough and particularly a wet snowy winter is the roads get a lot of damage, and that puts a lot of pressure on chassis systems, on brake systems and the like, and so we do tend to benefit from those as the spring thaw happens and into the early parts of the summer.
Bill Rhodes: Anytime somebody goes through a major acquisition integration, it's a challenge. We're not going to get focused on what they are doing. We are going to focus on what we are doing [technical difficulty] in our prepared remarks. We've got a great strategy. What's going to matter is whether or not we are able to execute this strategy. I think we are doing that right now. We are going to make sure we continue to do it. What happens with others is going to happen. There is nothing we can do about it. So we are just going to [technical difficulty].
Bill Rhodes: Yes, it's a great question. And we do see variability. And that's the reason why we're going to go forward with the strategy that says roughly two thirds of our stores are going to see three to five time per week deliveries and the third I'm going to continue to see one time a week delivery. The big variable that drives it as you would expect is store volume. We are talking about replenishment levels, and the more product that you sell, the more frequently you need to replenish it. And so, we do see significant variability but it's along the volume scale.
Bill Rhodes: I wouldn't say it would be changing the mix necessarily. I think that if a commercial business continues to grow, we will continue invest in commercial sales pros as we call them in the organization. I think really the comparison this year versus last is that we increased our service levels relative to where we were last year. I think last year we probably cutback a little bit more than we wanted to. I think actually we probably might have even called out that last year. We thought our service levels were not at the level that we wanted them to be. And so, this year we didn't want to repeat that mistake. And so, we stuck with out model during the quarter and I think we delivered better service levels.
Bill Rhodes: I think as far as resetting some of the stores that we talked about. We've got a new store prototype. So, all the new stores opened will be under that prototype. We have gone back I can't remember if 126 stores that we've already remodeled on that new store prototype. And we will continue to do that. But frankly, I suspect we'll get into the hundreds of stores I don't see that being a thousand necessarily because we are going to have physical constrains as we go through the process. But where we can find the opportunities to add more hard parts into space constrained stores, we are going to continue that.
Bill Rhodes: It's different enough for us to justify the investment. We can debate what meaningful is. But those stores are performing better and those hard parts are moving.
Bill Rhodes: Sure, great questions. First of all, on the peso, our same-store sales are domestic only. So the peso variances aren't impacting our same-stores at all. If you look at last quarter, our same-store sales did 4.5%. They did 3.5% in Q1 of 2016. You can almost point directly to the last two weeks' performance as to why that's different. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we went up against the polar vortex last year, and in those two weeks, we had phenomenal weeks. This year we had good weeks but they were up against phenomenal weeks and that's basically the differential in our same-store sales for the quarter.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. We planned to open -- we opened 158 stores last year. I believe it was 157. We plan to open about 150 stores this year on a domestic basis. We're looking to grow Mexico around 40 stores and Brazil we are kind of taking one at a time.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, great question. All right, so a couple of things. Number one, when we acquired IMC just over a year ago, they had 17 branches. We have now opened five new branches. We stand at 22 open locations. Those IMC branches are servicing 600 AutoZone stores, but that's not a function of how many branches we have. That's function on some short-term system limitations that we have at AutoZone to be able to serve up that catalog in our AutoZone stores. We are working. We did some short-term solutions that have allowed us get into those 600 stores, so we could test it. Now, we are having to go back and do the more robust work to industrialize those system improvement. That will be coming later in the year which will allow those system improvements. That will be coming later in the year which will allow us to expand how IMC services the AutoZone stores. I want to also be careful to not overstate the implications of IMC servicing AutoZone stores. Yes, we will leverage IMC, but that's not going to be the big driver of our commercial business. The reason, the main primary reason we bought IMC is because it's a good business and we will continue to expand that business as we have done with past stores that we have opened to date.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. If you take a look at the industry leader on the import side of the business, they have got a well over a hundred locations. I don't see why we can't do the same over time.
Bill Rhodes: There is some of that. There is an ability for us to be able to extract some information. I think that we still have a lot of work to do relative to acquiring more information out of all that in order to improve some of the synergies across our commercial business as well. So, I would categorize it is helpful on identifying certain trends, but we still have a long way to go in doing that.
Bill Rhodes: We haven't gotten into those specifics distinctions between inventory, delivery frequency in mega hubs while we continue to say that we have both of the programs where we are going to add between 1000 and $1500. Now that also varies because some of the mega hubs are the stores that are serviced by that mega hub are serviced by them three times a day directly while other stores are serviced by other hub stores that get delivery three times a day and then other hub stores get overnight delivery. So there is a quite a bit of variability in it, but we continue to be pretty comfortable saying if you get frequency delivery in mega hubs, it means about 1000 and $1500 per store.
Bill Rhodes: Yes. It's just as simple as number one, we wanted to go test this program until we got five up and running. We made the decision in the late summer early September to move forward with this strategy, now it's a function of the real estate development pipeline. And remember I mean it even for a regular AutoZone store, it can take us two years to get a store open. So it has nothing to do with anything other than our real estate pipeline and how long it's going to take us to do that. Trust me, we are pushing very hard on that front.
Bill Rhodes: Yes, everybody always wants us to talk about that and we stay away from that unlike a lot of organization that will have their conference call four to six weeks after the end of the quarter. It has only been two weeks and two days. So I think it's not a good prudent strategy for us to talk about what's happened in the first couple of weeks. And, we've consistent about that for a long time. So, I don't want to break that. Now we will say this, weather normalizes over time. And I also want to reiterate that really cold winter is great, but what we really look for is just few good hard cold snaps. And that's when we really see big spikes in our business in certain failure- related categories.
Bill Rhodes: Thank you. Before we conclude the call, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We're excited about our growth prospects for the year. We'll not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we're confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today's call, and we'd like to wish everyone a very happy and healthy safe holiday season and a prosperous new year. Thank you very much.
Bill Giles: Yes, I think it's a combination of both. I mean, clearly as we've mentioned, we've grown our mature programs in the mid single-digit rate. So we're getting more productivity out of our existing base programs as they continue to mature. But clearly, with our opportunities to say, yes, we've got it on a more frequent basis, and be able to deliver products more timely, both through more frequent deliveries, as well as the mega hub network, and being able to communicate that to our customers with our sales force is an important thing. We've been able to do that, and I think we'll continue to gain traction over time.
Bill Giles: Yes. I would say that on the IMC front, we haven't fully anniversary it. We'll just anniversary through September -- after September, but we've also opened five new locations. So we went from 17 to 22 locations. So those five locations are adding some incremental expenses as they begin to get themselves ramped up. So my expectation is that we would see a little bit of headwind from IMC for the next quarter or so as we begin to mature some of the new openings that we've had. From a payroll perspective, it's really probably better service levels overall. I think that we've increased our payroll hours a little bit across the board. We're not seeing a significant amount of wage inflation yet. We've seen a little bit. We anticipate probably a little bit more going forward, but overall I would say we have improved our service level in line with our Yes, We've Got It initiative.
Bill Giles: Yes. We have got a few partnerships for the few important vendors and also with customers as well. And that's pretty much ongoing. We will continue to grow the ALLDATA business. We feel good about ALLDATA business. We think that it is a leader in the industry. And we have signed and agreement with AMCO. You may have seen we are trying to just recently to provide them service to all their locations. So it's a great product, well respected in the industry and has good prospects going forward.
Bill Giles: Yes, and that's a very good question and that's spot on. So we are 37 basis points de-leveraged due to supply chain and we've articulated a 25 to 30. So it was a little bit higher. I think part of that is really just as we continue rollout new programs with activity I mean if you look at the quarter in a little bit more finite detail, we probably rolled out about 300 programs on to the program this quarter. Although took off a couple of hundred programs that's got us to that net 80. So there was a lot of activity that occurred during the quarter. And as we began to ramp this up, our handling cost, our internal cost to deliver more frequently will rise a little bit. And also keep in mind that this quarter and particularly next quarter as well are slightly lower volume quarters. So we really won't have the opportunity to leverage quite as much as we might. They are in the summer months so to speak. So I think that overall, we feel pretty good about the estimates that we have given on an annualized basis although on any given quarter, it may fluctuate a little bit.
Bill Giles: If I can add on to that, number one the new prototype is not materially more expensive than the old prototype, so as we open the stores, there's no meaningful cost differential. The real benefit comes in the really, really space constrained stores that we have. Remember, we still have about 3800 sq ft stores, a 5000 sq ft stores. When those stores are performing at high volumes and we are able to go in and remodel them to the element of this new prototype that's where we can really see a difference.
