William Rhodes: Thank you, Bill. Before I conclude, I want to take this opportunity to reflect on fiscal 2017. The year was clearly more challenging than recent years, but our team continued to deliver some very impressive accomplishments and milestones. In recognition of the dedication, passion, innovation and commitment of our AutoZoners, I want to highlight that our sales grew to a record $10.9 billion this year, and we grew same-store sales at 0.5%. We opened our 6,000 store and had the incredible honor to do so in our hometown of Memphis, Tennessee. In May, we opened our 500 store in Mexico, a tremendous accomplishment by that talented team. We restarted our store development work, as we enter the next phase of testing in Brazil and we expanded to 14 stores in and around Sao Paulo. Our supply chain is undergoing tremendous expansion with the opening of our second distribution center in Mexico and the opening of our ninth domestic D.C. in the U.S. and Pasco, Washington. Additionally, our 10th domestic D.C. is currently being built, and we are significantly expanding one of our older DCs. We continue to expand our highly successful mega hub strategy opening five new mega hubs this year, ending the year with 16. and our AutoZone.com online efforts continue to gain significant traction, most importantly our customers are visiting our website at increasingly accelerated rates and using that research to inform their in-store visits. Unfortunately 2017 marked the year we broke out 10-year double-digit quarterly EPS earnings stream. And while that was disappointing, it is equally important to recognize the incredible accomplishment the Street represented. We’ve done deep analyses to understand the key drivers of our profitability change, while some of them were sales related, the larger impact came from increasing costs. We made decisions to increase our investment profile and some of those investments haven’t yet borne fruit, specifically the multiple frequency of deliveries. At the same time, we had a disproportionate amount of changes that were working against us, increased wages and shrink, interest expense and the like. Our focus is to deeply understand the key drivers of our business and manage those factors that we control. Over time macro factors will work for you and against you and fiscal 2017 was one of those times that they worked disproportionately against us. While we will continue to challenge ourselves, our decisions, processes and strategies, we will always invest to reinforce our guiding principles, leveraging our methodologies of evolution, over revolution and superior execution with consistent strategy is a formula for success. After so many years of unprecedented performance, I’m proud of our team for their steadfast commitment to our culture, strategy and approach and from their passion to deliver a materially better 2018. We have an exceptional team that executes extremely well, our focus remains on being successful over the long run that success will be attributable to our approach to leveraging our unique and powerful culture and focusing on the needs of our customers. To execute at level, we have to consistently adhere to living the pledge. We cannot and will not take our eye off execution. We must stay committed to executing day in and day out on our game plan. Success will be achieved with an attention to detail and exceptional execution. Our customers have choices and we must exceed their expectations in whatever way they choose to shop with us. We are fortunate to operate in one of the strongest retail segments and we continue to be excited about our industry’s growth prospects for 2018 and beyond. As consumers continually look to save money while taking care of their cars, we are committed to providing the trustworthy advice that they need and expect. It truly is the value-add that differentiates us from any faceless transaction. Customers have some to expect that advice from us. It is with this focus we will implement more enhancements on both our DIY and commercial websites and in-store experience to provide even more knowledgeable service. We don’t ever expect an online experience to replace the advice our customers want, but today’s customers do expect more information on repairing their vehicles. This aspect of service has always been our most important cultural cornerstone and it will be long into the future. Our charge remains to optimize our performance regardless of market conditions and continue to ensure we are investing in the key initiatives that will drive our long-term performance. In the end, delivering strong EPS growth and ROIC each of every quarter is how we measure ourselves. This formula has been extremely successful over the last 38 years and we continue to be excited about our future. Now I would like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Yes, thank you Seth for the question. Unfortunately, I think it’s too early, it’s premature for us to get into those specific details. We are looking at all those individual factors that you talked about whether it’s availability and enhancing our service model, how do we work with them digitally and on and on and on, there is a lot of different – we’re are looking at leaving no stones unturned, but at this point in time, it’s premature for us to really talk about where we see those improvement opportunities. And as Bill Giles mentioned in our remarks, it’s also once we decide what we’re are going to do, we are going to have to go test it and put it in market and see what works and tweak things along that way, so I think it’s going to be a year or so before we really have a solid game plan. We say here’s what we’re going to go do and what the cost of it will be. Will it have an increased investment? Potentially certainly, but I think it’s too, too early for us to even put any kind of guard rails around that.
William Rhodes: Boy, you have a lot of different things in that question, let me try to jump in. First of all, we grew our commercial business at 5.9% that is clearly substantially over what the market is growing, so that makes us happy. 5.9% also is not at our aspirations for how rapidly we want to grow this business. We have a 3% market share and we would like to grow at significantly more than 5.9%, which is why we are in the midst of this strategic review. You also mentioned something about the fact we grew – well, this quarter over last quarter, one of the reasons and I mentioned it in the prepared remarks was Q3 had a big dividend for the tax refunds that we thought we would get in Q3 that never materialized, so I think it was more of the anomaly than Q4 at 5.9%. You did mention that you felt like multiple frequency of delivery would be a headwind for us going to commercial business and that was something that a lot of people were concerned about after our last call and I look to addresses that for a second. Multiple frequency of delivery is replenishing the merchandise it in the stores today. One of the reasons why it has not been a successful as we had hoped is because particularly in the commercial business, our commercial drivers, they don’t have that part available in this store, they run to the store closest to them and still service that demand. I don’t think that slowing down our multiple frequency of delivery has been a meaningful headwind to our commercial business growth. Now, that said, we’re still trying to refine it, so that we can find a way for multiple frequency of delivery to be a contributor to both DIY and commercial growth at accelerated rates.
William Rhodes: Yes, it’s a great question, Alan. First of all, I think, there’s two different elements of it that have happened. First of all, there were a series of retailers that moved wages up in 2015 and 2016, and the effects of those wage increases by large retailers have had a trickle down effect to the rest of the market. That you would think would presumably be getting over in the next year, 18 months, as the market adjust to those rates. The second element of it is the regulatory. And this is the smaller piece today, but it’s going to get bigger and bigger over the next three or four years. There are municipalities like Los Angeles County that went to $12 minimum wage on July 1. The State of California is going to go to $12 minimum wage on January 1, and all these are going to be marching towards $15 an hour average wage, that will cause pressure on wages for an extended period of time. Will that reflect an increased retail prices? Well, at the end of the day, inflation gets into businesses. And this industry has shown over time that as inflation comes in, we are able to pass along many of those costs, if not all of them to the consumer in increased prices. So that’s the way we’re thinking about it today. But it really is unprecedented in my career to see the wages go up to the extent that they have this year. So my sense is, they will continue to be up for a year or so and then it will be muted from where it is today, but still at elevated levels.
William Rhodes: Yes, I think unrelated to our performance, our investment profile will slow down just a little bit, because we opened a new distribution center in Mexico, a new one in Pasco, Washington and we’re in the process of building one in Ocala, Florida and expanding one in Danville, Illinois. That’s kind of one-time effort. So that much of that CapEx is rolling in over a two to three-year fiscal cycle, and that will go back to normal. Based upon, I love the fact that, 2017 was a really tough year. We grew earnings per share by 6%. Now we would not change our investment profile based upon these kind of results. We believe in the long-term of this business, as I try to articulate earlier, this is not an unusual cycle for our industry to go through. We saw it back in 2013. We saw it in 2004 and 2005. We saw it in 1998 and 1999. So these things happen. And over the long term, this business is really, really strong and we expect it to continue to be so.
William Rhodes: Yes, I mentioned in our prepared remarks that our last five-year average same-store sales have been 1.9%. So, from – and obviously, same-store sales is different than industry growth rates, because you’ve got new stores that are driving the industry growth rates. That seems to be what we’ve experienced as normal over the last five years. But with – in that number, we also had accelerated growth from commercial. We were growing during that period of time commercial in the low teens. We don’t believe we’re going to be running the low teens in the foreseeable future. And so, I think, we’ll be challenged even to get back to that 1.9%, but I think, we’ll get close to it.
William Rhodes: I don’t want to get into that specific numbers, but that if you put all the AC-related, so radiators, the whole cooling system combined with the air conditioning system, combined of AC, chemicals, it’s a pretty significant part of our business, particularly in the summertime. In the – it’s in the double digits for sure, and it had a very tough period during this summer. We believe that – those things happen over time. We had a cooler summer, particularly June was really cool and that will normalize over time and it will come back. But we’ve dealt with more weather impacts really this year and I hate to talk about them. But we can see them categorically in our business so easily. We’ve seen the lack of winter weather coming through the maintenance cycle on brakes and chassis and the like, and then this summer with the cooler winter we saw it in those three businesses.
William Rhodes: Yes, I would say, it’s on the pickup in store business. That that remains – it’s a very small portion of our overall business, as you would imagine. But it is by far the fastest growing channel of distribution that we have and it has accelerated. And so we think we’re doing a great job on that side of it. On the AutoAnything, it’s had a little bit more of a challenging year. We’ve made some management changes there and we are seeing trends improve there. So we see business getting a little bit better at AutoAnything.
William Rhodes: Thank you. All right. Before we conclude the call, I’d like to take a moment to reiterate that our business model continues to be solid. We’re excited about our growth prospects for the year. We will not take anything for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives. We have a solid plan to succeed this fiscal year, but I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident Autozone will continue to be very successful. We thank you for participating in today’s call.
William Giles: Yes, I think a couple of things there, one of which is that, think about the model being broken down into two ways; one, EBIT growth and then share repurchase. We still have very strong cash flow generation and are able to generate EPS growth through share repurchase. On the other side of the equation, and you are right, we have made some investments and we have some cost headwinds in the immediate term, but on a long-term basis, we’ll anniversary a lot of those which is held in our investments and we’ll get a more normalized growth rate in cost and as we resume to more normalized growth rate in comp store sales, our expectation is is that our EPS growth rate would certainly increase over where it is today. Now whether or not it gets to a double-digit number we’ll wait and see, we won’t going to need support both from the commercial side of the business as well as just a good expense management and I think we can achieve both of those things over time. In the meantime we’re making some nice investments and we’re testing out the markets in order to continue to gain market share on both sides of the business, retail and commercial. So it remains an incredibly healthy industry with an incredibly healthy model and our expectation is it will continue to improve our earnings growth rate.
William Giles: Yes, thank you for that. We’re opening new stores in markets that don’t have the same competitive landscape as some of our more core markets. But if you look at many of the core markets, let’s take Atlanta for example, it seems that the big four, AutoZone, O’Reilly, Advance and NAPA, all have a tremendous amount of stores in that marketplace and we all seem to do just fine. Though our return characteristics are we’re not going to open a store unless it does a 15% IRR or a 12% IRR in certain strategic markets and we continue to be able to find those stores, so that the cash flow characteristics of this business are tremendous and we’re still able to open stores that far exceed those hurdle rates. Operator, we can take the next call please.
William Giles: Yes, I would say that the Q4 is probably a reasonably good target number for us as you kind of think about it going forward. And so just to jump to chase, occupancy was a little bit higher this quarter, some rent pressure is there on some of the new markets that we’ve gotten into and some of the investments that we’ve made in technology which typically have a shorter depreciation life have driven depreciation cost, but I think that the Q4 is probably a good metric to look out.
William Giles: And one of the thing to think about too, by the relative to buyback overall for the year is that, man, I think we came in around $1.070 billion or so for total share repurchases this year, but keep in mind also we’re kind of measuring or we’re kind of metric-ing back to that 2.5 times credit metrics for EBITDAR and we wind up at 2.57 or so, so we’re a little bit ahead of what our typical target is, which is also to maintain investment grade rating which we believe is the right place for us to be, so there’s no change in the capital allocation strategy. We may have bought back the stock a little bit earlier in the quarter overall, but more importantly from the capital allocation strategy, we’re maintaining that 2.5 times EBITDAR credit metric, maintaining investment grade rating and we’ll continue to deploy capital methods.
William Giles: Yes, maybe just a little bit relative to the share – to the option accounting, this is – definitely has a little bit of an impact on that.
William Giles: I don’t know if it would speed up the investments. Obviously, we’re going to make the investments on the places for which we believe that we’re getting the adequate returns on. And as Bill articulated earlier on MFD as an example, we haven’t seen the full results of that, so we pulled back on that a little bit and you saw that show up on some of the margin. So I think that, if same-store sales were to get to 2.5% or 3%, that obviously would improve our EBIT performance, there’s no question about that and we’ll manage expenses accordingly. And we’ll make sure that we continue to provide great customer service along the way and we’ll make the investments where we believe that we’re getting good adequate returns on them and make adjustments along the way. If we find opportunities where we’re getting real benefits and it makes economic sense for us to accelerate investments, we’ll do that. At the same time, we’ve demonstrated that where it doesn’t make sense, we’ll pull back on those investments. So if we’re getting hypothetical about the next year, but with the model still intact and it remains a relatively healthy industry and we feel good about our position out in 2018.
