William Rhodes: Thank you, Jamere. These continue to be unique and extraordinary times. Our team has done a wonderful job of managing and leading throughout this timeframe. I am proud of our team across the board for their commitment to servicing our customers, but doing so in a very safe manner.  At the start of this pandemic last year, we could never have guessed the positive impact it would have on our sales. To be able to report our largest domestic comp sales number ever this quarter, 30 years after going public is just amazing. But with this fortuitous outcome, we knew we had to take advantage of this window of time and experiment.  We've tested to understand the origins of our share gains and potential for retaining those gains as the world goes back to some sense of normalcy. We believe the environment continues to allow us this chance to learn, but we will be deliberate.  We understand the value of the capital invested as our capital as our investors’ capital, we must have an appropriate return. We've worked exceptionally well to deliver on our commitments thus far. But we must keep focused and continue to deliver. There are no layups, we must continue to innovate.  While our domestic retail business continues to do tremendously well, we understand that trends will slow. We're going to work hard, real hard to gain as much share as possible now in order to limit our future headwinds.  Our goal is to retain all of these new customers and new occasions where existing customers are choosing AutoZone. And as we've discussed, our domestic commercial businesses still in the very early innings of the maturation process.  It is an honor to have reported this morning, that we are now doing materially over $3 billion in domestic commercial sales on a trailing four quarter basis. But we hope, and we believe the best is yet to come for our commercial business. As always, we have work to do as we head into our summer selling season. But we are excited to exploit the opportunities that are in front of us. First and foremost, our focus will be on keeping our AutoZoners and customers safe while providing our customers with their automotive needs. Secondly, we must continuously challenge ourselves during these extraordinary times to position our company for even greater future success. We know that investors will ultimately measure us by what our future cash flows look like in three to five years from now. Lastly, I continue to be bullish on our industry, and in particular, very bullish on our company.  Now, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
William Rhodes: Yeah, Jamere talked about the fact that we're beginning to see some pretty significant inflation on certain product categories. I don't think that that's been a big driver of our performance in Q3, but it is something that we are very mindful of as we move into Q4. And frankly, we have in the past, some of those costs along to our customers, just like we've done for the last 40 years. 
William Rhodes: Yes. Simeon, good morning, and thank you for the question. Clearly, they’re on both sides of the business. We've had very targeted approach on the DIY side that has been focused more on two different spectrums of the business.  One on commodity products that are highly available in lots of different environments, and then two on very slow moving hard to find powerful - maybe our value proposition isn't as different as it is, when you can walk in the store and get the immediate product availability.  The DIY piece is smaller than the commercial piece today and we've done that work. And it's all in place. And on the commercial side, we did get more aggressive. We didn't get more aggressive, because we took prices to a different level. We continue to roll out the pricing initiatives that we're working. We originally started with six regions, then we went to 14 regions.  As of the beginning of this quarter, this has been rolled out. The pricing initiatives in our commercial business have been rolled out across the chain. So you'll see this mature over the next year or so. We don't plan on having around two of these pricing initiatives. What we have seen is these have worked. As you know, in the commercial business, pricing transparency isn't what it is in the retail business. But also, more importantly, the competitive set is vastly different.  When you think about the large players, if you add all of us up in the commercial sector, we're around 20% of the market share. So these pricing initiatives are not designed versus our traditional in-channel competitors. They're more making sure that we have the right pricing and value proposition that gets other sectors of the industry.
William Rhodes: Yeah. I would say it's the elasticity of demand for us, but it's not driving elasticity of demand for the industry. I think in some respects, it's improved our competitive position, not against our in-channel competitors, but against other competitors and that's proven to be successful.  As we think about an inflationary environment, I know AutoZone will make sure that we pass those costs along to our consumers, just like we always have. And I don't think that that'll be any different than normal.
William Rhodes: I understand your point about the $35 million investment is exactly right. And that's one of the things that we wrestled with over time as clearly there's a sales headwind before you even begin talking about -- picking up the gross profit dollars.  But as I said earlier, Michael, we've tested this, we've tested it extensively for over a year. Again, these are very surgical pricing investments. They're not across the board. And yes, some of our commercial or our closest competitors may follow us. They may not on some of these things. But that's really not where our focus has been on making sure that we have the right value proposition.  It's been making sure that we're priced right with other competitors that are outside of the close in competitors. We feel like we're doing exceptionally well with that. I think also want to go back to what Jamere said.This strategy is not a pricing strategy. This strategy, which we have been working on for over three years now, it had the single largest technology investment in our company's history in it, where we rolled out handheld devices, where we improved our website all making us much easier to do business with, and substantially lowering our delivery times. We've continued to invest in the Duralast brand, which is -- that's one of the strongest brands in the automotive aftermarket, if not the strongest. People used to think that that was a headwind. Now people understand that as a tremendous asset. We've continued to roll out hubs and mega hubs, where we're substantially improving our immediate availability of parts and products.  So this is a holistic strategy of which pricing is an element of it. And I understand what you're saying that a lot of people have invested in this sector for years, because of the margin characteristics, not just gross margin characteristics, but the overall operating margin characteristics.  And Michael, you're -- you've been around long enough through. Remember in 2005, when I came into this role, and we made an SG&A investment. Everybody said, Okay, this is the beginning of the SG&A, or the beginning of the operating margins going from 17.5 down to 12. Well, what happened? Over time, we found a way to increase our operating margins. I'm not sure if that'll happen from here. But these are very marginal investments, to make sure that we are in the right competitive position against all channels.
William Rhodes: Let me jump in there. As you know, Scot, we've been dealing with accelerated labor inflation for some time for five years. And we have many markets where we're already at $15 or above. I was recently in Seattle. Our minimum wage in Seattle is $16.70. And we are figuring out a way to make sure that we manage through that. And part of that is our pricing has to be different when we have that kind of change in our labor component of our cost structure.
William Rhodes: Clearly, we said over a long, long period of time that miles driven is a good indicator of what -- of how our business is going to perform. However, we've also said and we said this back in the Great Recession, that in certain times, it's not a good predictor of what happens in our business.  Clearly, if you just straight line what happens to miles driven, you would never forecast what happened to us over the last year. Because miles driven were down significantly, but there was a new element called Federal Stimulus. And we were talking this morning that, a family of four, over the last four years or last four quarters has picked up over $10,000 in Federal Stimulus. That does not count, unemployed -- Enhanced Unemployment Benefits, that is just the stimulus.  For our customer, that's a tremendous amount of money. And many of those customers turn to their automobiles and enhanced them repaired them or whatever the case may be. Clearly, as miles driven return, there will be some small tailwind. But I don't think that it will be nearly enough to offset the headwind that will come from us lapping those tremendous amounts of economic stimulus that were in the environment.
William Rhodes: We're calling it that internally. We're putting the pressure on the team, we got to keep that. I think that there's some level of stimulus. It's been in our commercial performance as well, but not nearly to the extent that it has helped accelerate the DIY business.  So we have big expectations to continue to grow commercial at fairly robust rates going forward. Clearly, the DIY piece will be more challenged as we head into Q4, and really frankly the next 12 months. But commercial we think, is a much stickier business. Yes, we picked up new customers. More importantly, we've penetrated our existing customers with new categories or deeper levels of their business.  As Jamere said, as far as the trade-off between the up and down the street customer or the national account customer. Before this quarter, our up and down the street business was performing much better than our national account business. This quarter, the national account business was generally in line with our up and down the street business. And as we talked to those leaders, their businesses have improved along the same lines.
William Rhodes: Yeah, I think the share gains that we got because of store closures were really over around May of last year. But we've continued to grow share gains, as consumer behaviors have changed.  Just think about not -- whether or not a store is open. But think about your own personal shopping habits. Are you going in more convenient, smaller box stores? I think we've seen a lot of that across all kinds of channels, including ours. And part of our desire is how do we -- now that we're getting those new customers or frankly, more so new occasions from existing customers. How do we make sure that we provide them a stellar shopping experience now and permanently change those shopping behaviors, so we keep those occasions going forward? That's what we're really focused on. 
William Rhodes: Well, as Jamere mentioned, we have 50 mega hubs now. We're on a path ever 100 to 110. So we will more than double the amount of mega hubs that we have today. And I will tell you, Jamere, who's in charge of store development, has a big bogey out there to make that happen very fast. And you'll see significant amount of mega hubs come online this quarter, and over the next year.  So I think that that will help us in a big way. As Jamere said, this business is about parts availability. It was that way when we started 42 years ago, it's still that way today. If you don't have it, you can't sell it. And we're getting parts closer and closer and closer to our customers.  I also talked about all this technology that we've rolled out. And we're still in the very early innings of that. We've seen reductions in our delivery times. But we are looking for significantly bigger, larger reductions in delivery times as this technology matures as our team understands how to utilize it and how to change. Getting parts and products frankly, out of the building is our biggest focus, not necessarily the drive time.
William Rhodes: All right, thank you very much. All right. Before we conclude the call, I want to take a moment to reiterate that we believe our industry is strong, and our business model is solid. We're excited about our future growth prospects. But we take nothing for granted as we understand our customers have alternatives.  We have exciting plans that should help us succeed for the future. But I want to stress that this is a marathon and not a sprint. As we continue to focus on the basics and focus on optimizing long-term shareholder value, we are confident AutoZone will continue to be very successful.  Lastly, as we celebrate Memorial Day next Monday, we should remember all of our country's heroes, both past and present. We owe these Americans a tremendous debt of gratitude. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah, what I'll say in general, is that we've been very disciplined about the investments that we've been making in pricing. As I mentioned, this is a very data-rich environment. We're using data-driven through tools. We're using artificial intelligence and data science to help us figure out exactly where to price, which categories to price, which reasons to price. So it's a very dynamic environment in that regard. We're fortunate that we don't have to peanut butter spread this across the chain, if you will. So, what we're doing is very surgical and very strategic. What I'll say in terms of the competitive responses that the industry remains very rational. We're seeing rational pricing across the industry and the response. To that extent, it's been pretty muted. So our strategy is working. Our goal is to create a faster-growing business with higher-margin dollars. It's a much more sustainable way for us to grow cash and ultimately, shareholder value.  And on the commercial side, what we're seeing is that, all the initiatives that we put in place, which price is just one element of it. And I would argue it's probably the smallest element of it. You mentioned, the investments that we're making in our Duralast brand, including some of the offerings that we have in Duralast Gold, those things are very meaningful to our customers. The investments that we've made in technology that have helped us be easier to do business with, it's helping us lower our delivery times, is a significant impact on the business.  The work that we're doing around mega hubs to increase our parts availability is huge for us and huge for our customers. So when you put all of those initiatives together, that's why we're so bullish on the commercial growth.  And what I'll say is that even as we move through this environment, that commercial growth is sticky. Once we win those customers and continue to delight those customers and we're competitively priced, that gives us a lot of confidence about our future prospects in this area of the market.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah, that's the right cadence to think about. One of the things that Bill mentioned is that, we don't have around to plan here. So, as we rolled the price investments through the entire chain, and all the categories that we're going to roll it through, you'll start to see us anniversary this in the back half of next year.  So -- and again, we're pleased with the execution of those initiatives. Again, it's one element of the strategy, if you will. It certainly gets a lot of a lot of attention. But we would not be in a position to even be talking about making pricing investments if we weren't executing so well, on all of the other elements of the strategy. And when I think about, again, the work that we've done on assortment, I think about the work that we're doing to lean in the technology. Those things have been the foundation or the enablers for us to then focus on this element of being competitively priced.  And, I said it a couple of times in my prepared comments about having the best merchandise at the right price. That combined with the other things that we're working on, give us a meaningful competitive advantage. And it's why we're so bullish about being a faster growing business in the future.
Jamere Jackson: Well, we've done a couple of things in this environment where we've had accelerated sales. Number one, we've had outstanding leverage on the SG&A line, which quite frankly served as a little bit of a bill payer for some of the investments that we're making in gross margin. And we do have the ability as we move forward to continue to price in a very disciplined way, when we're in an environment where there's inflation. Quite frankly, that gives us an opportunity to price. And we are seeing cost inflation in certain categories.  But with a rational industry pricing environment, we're going to price to recover those inflationary impacts. So, going forward, as we think about managing the business, we're going to manage the business to maximize the cash that we generate inside the business, grow our EBIT dollars, that's going to give us tremendously powerful free cash flow.  And you can tweak margins by a point or a point and a half, doesn't change the underlying story here, which is this is a business that is generating a tremendous amount of cash. And we're putting that to work by investing in our existing assets. We're investing in our growth initiatives, and we're returning meaningful amounts of cash to investors in a meaningful way. That portion of the AutoZone model does not change even with all the things that we've talked about this morning in terms of investments.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah. So in terms of our commercial mix, we're very bullish about our commercial business. And, as we talk pretty extensively about today, and last quarter, we're investing in a disciplined way in our commercial business. This past quarter, our national accounts and our regional and local accounts both grew over 40%. We are pleased to see the Nationals actually snap back car counts are up, staffing has improved, miles driven is improving.  And we're under penetrated. We think we're roughly a four to five share in a $75 billion category. So there's a tremendous opportunity to create a faster growing business here. And as we execute on this growth playbook and see significant share gains, we will likely be in a position where we see a little bit of a mixed drag from commercial on the overall margins. And that's going to be perfectly okay. This will be a faster growing and still high margin business as we move forward.  And, as we see that growth materialize, we'll be very transparent about what our expectations are.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah, so we're seeing cost inflation in certain categories. We're also seeing, some higher transportation costs. But as I said before, the industry pricing is rational. And this has always been an industry that's price to recover those inflationary impacts. And we're pricing accordingly in this environment as well.  Transportation costs in particular, we've had some contracted rates that are below the spot market. So this is protected us to some extent. But we'll see more of those as we move forward.  From a labor standpoint, it's a very tight labor market. And you have to look no further than, what you're seeing amongst other retailers or even in your local neighborhoods with the pressure that local restaurants are seeing. We're certainly not immune to those dynamics. But the value proposition of having a career opportunity at AutoZone, we think gives us a little bit of a competitive advantage.  Our store operations teams and our distribution center teams, and our supply chains are doing a fantastic job of recruiting talent. We're working really hard to retain talent in this environment. And as -- we also believe that from a macro standpoint, as some of the enhanced unemployment benefits start to ease and be retracted. We think that will sort of unstick the labor market to a certain extent.  But all the efforts that we're doing inside of our company to attract talent, is quite frankly, one of the reasons that we've been able to put up the kind of numbers that we put up in both our DIY and our commercial business.
Jamere Jackson: Well, I think a couple of things will potentially happen there. One is that, we'll see labor costs start to go up in different environments. We're already seeing some markets where labor costs have gone up in that zip code. And what you have to be able to do is, more importantly, you have to be able to price accordingly, so that you don't have the margin and profitability drags.  And so when I think about the impacts of inflation, it isn't just what we're seeing in product costs, or transportation costs, but labor is a part of that equation. And we'll be disciplined enough to price accordingly, in that environment as well. 
Jamere Jackson: Yeah, so parts availability is a big piece of the story that we have in the commercial market today. When we put a mega hub in a market, two things happen. Number one, we see a lift in sales in the four walls, if you will of the mega hub. But it also gives us an opportunity as we're selling to commercial accounts.  It gives us an opportunity to tell the commercial accounts in that area, if you will, that we have parts available, significantly more parts available than we would otherwise. And that gives us a meaningful lift and sale.  So a big piece of that strategy that we've talked about is improving that assortment, putting mega hubs in the marketplace, signaling to the market, that we have more parts available in the marketplace. And then taking advantage of that that opportunity. We've talked about lots of things that drive our commercial business. But, in the top one or two is parts availability. If we have the parts, if we can get them there in a reasonable amount of time, they're competitively priced. We're easy to do business with that gives us a tremendous tailwind for this business. And that's what we're excited about.
Jamere Jackson: Yeah, just to build on that. One of the things we've been paying a lot of attention to internally, is just a tremendous success that we're having in our loyalty program. Our loyalty member sales are up 32% versus last year. And when I look at the stats around the number of members that are earning rewards, the number of members that are redeeming rewards, the spend for those loyalty customers relative to last year on a per transaction basis, and the retention rate, all of those numbers are up.  And so that gives us a lot of confidence that, the things that we've done in terms of our in-store execution, are driving great results. So as we think about share gains are lots of things that are part of that mix including some of the dynamics that you talked about on a macro basis.  But our execution has just been fantastic in this environment. And the data around our loyalty programs certainly suggests that we're doing the right things. And those are the kinds of sales that are a lot stickier than, when you have non-member sales.
