Robert Greifeld: All right. So, Rich, not even a good quarter or a very good quarter? I was living through your compliment there, Rich.
Robert Greifeld: Thank you. Thank you. I feel better now. All right. So I think Lee touched on it, but I would say this. Probably the trigger was, as I said before, we've looked at a lot of different acquisitions during the last 12 months to 18 months. And some of the multiples that were being paid were in our mind somewhat eye-popping and somewhat representative of a little bit of an asset bubble. And we said okay. If this is the state of play and it's going to going to be this way and we have no interest in paying 18 times EBITDA, we probably have a better use for our capital. And that is to buy our own shares which obviously we're not trading at that. So I think ourselves and management and the board reflected upon it and came to that conclusion and obviously decided it was the time to act. Now, this obviously represents a lumpiness, as you said, as nothing that we can do on a consistent basis. But you do have to recognize it over the fullness of time, as you've seen in the last three years to four years, we will be acquiring our shares when we think it represents a particular opportunity for us to create value for our shareholders.
Robert Greifeld: And I would tie back to the comments I made in my prepared remarks. It's definitely a hallmark of Nasdaq here that we have to first look at our competitive positioning and how we were doing in that positioning in, certainly relative to our peers. And to the extent we improve that competitive positioning, the financial results will follow. So we saw evidence of that in the third quarter. And, again, I highlight. We are spending a lot of time, effort and money for what will represent truly innovation in the IR space. And we're excited to be able to launch that product going into the first quarter of next year.
Robert Greifeld: Right. So let me start with the transaction business. When you look at the initiatives we have, whether that be the Tom initiative, NLX, NFX, things we're doing with respect to our dark pool strategy, it's all based upon us building a solid foundation of relationship with our customers. We definitely take customer input to guide how we invest in internal R&D. And we're seeing definitely the fruits of that labor here. Obviously, on the corporate solutions side, our listing franchise, we have a deep relationship at the very highest level of those companies. And that's a natural point of leverage with us. But it's also important to recognize we have 10,000 customers. And many of them are not listed with us. And in that situation, the breadth of our product line allows us to walk the halls in a more comprehensive fashion than our competitors who tend to be point solution providers can do.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. So I can't speak for what you're reading in the press, but we haven't announced any FX initiatives or launching next year. I am sitting here in London with Hans-Ole. Hans-Ole, have you announced anything without telling me? So, yeah. So I don't know where you're getting that information but it's not correct.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely, definitely. So, one, I would say is obviously that announcement was not unexpected. And I think it was expected many months before. So it was no surprise there. But clearly we're in close touch with our customers. And I would say that since that announcement, we've reconfirmed with our customers that there is no change in plans they have with respect to NLX. I've previously stated that we needed to proceed with NLX-2 with some core support in a very meaningful way from some of the major banks. And we're continuing along that path. And, right now, we remain optimistic that we're going to get there. And I also would want to make it clear that the world that we envision in the listed futures world is not that dissimilar from what we've seen in the equity world where we expect them to have more than one trading venue clearing through a common clearinghouse. So if we have LCH playing the essential role that the DTCC would play in the U.S. equity world, we certainly see that our customer could trade on one venue and have that then – as long as it's clearing in the same venue, then it's basically fungible. And it puts the customer in a position where the different trading venues can compete quite aggressively against each other. And you have a situation in listed futures world where the customers have smart order routers. And if they don't they are planning to have them which allow them to create essentially a virtual book between the different venues. So that's the world we see developing. It's one we're very comfortable with. It's one we compete in our transaction businesses today. And when you see the results of our transaction businesses in this quarter, in particular, you can see that we can run in that competitive world and how efficiently rerun our business as you can still run it with a very healthy margin. So that's where we see the world developing.
Robert Greifeld: All right. So let me start with NASDAQ Private Markets. And it's important to recognize that we seized on this opportunity based upon the passage of the JOBS Act. And the JOBS Act said that you could stay private with up to 2,000 shareholders and employees did not count. The prior rule was 500 and employees did count. So we said a company could go a long way in its evolution and stay private and we had to make sure that we provided solutions for them. So certainly the relationships we build with these companies in the pre-IPO phase, we have a fundamental belief that they will help us with our IPO win rate. So that's an element to it. But that's a secondary benefit because we think the market by itself is quite exciting. And we certainly believe that a company similarly situated with respect to size and/or complexity will earn for us an equal amount of revenue if not greater than it would if it was in a public company context. But our job is to meet the customer need where companies want to stay private for a longer period of time. We actually support that notion in general. In that, you should only come public when you have a mature business model that can withstand the rigors of these quarterly calls. So we think there will be an increasing number of private companies. And we're there to meet the totality of their needs. So within NASDAQ Private Market, now obviously being combined with SecondMarket, they have a lot of needs that we have developed for a public company and we have to make sure we target that for the private company. We think the liquidity needs of these private companies will evolve over time. We run what's known as SOPs today. We do it on an episodic basis. And we're starting to see some trend line where companies want to run these liquidity programs on a more consistent and regular basis. We also see the broadening of participation in these liquidity programs where they are today primarily employee-based. And we certainly think it will evolve to where early stage investors can use this mechanism for liquidating their position or second stage investors can use it for coming into the marketplace. So it's something that we think has tremendous potential for us. And, as I said, we think the revenue potential per company in the fullness of time is equal to a greater than the revenue potential of the company in the public market context.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. So, Brian, I do want to start by answering that question in a different way. I believe right now that the corporate solutions business has to be primarily judged by how good our products are, how good they are relative to the competition, and what momentum do we have with our customers. The financial results will follow if we do these things right in 2016. So, great credit to the team. I think we've cleaned up, what I'll call, the operational aspects of the business over the last year or so. Our touch points with our customers have improved quite dramatically. We're seeing signs of that in the financial performance. But, more importantly, as we deal with our customers, they recognize that we are on the move. We're making progress. And you have the whole world anxiously awaiting now our next-gen product. And, as I've said previously, we are in the unique position to take our development might and our development muscle and turn it to this sector of the marketplace. So we don't have any competitors with our kind of technology capability and we're investing in it. We're investing heavily in it. And we're excited with the progress the team is delivering on time, on schedule. Hopefully we'll finish on budget. And good things will happen from there. The other general point, are you in a market segment? Once you are more competitive, that can grow over time. And we certainly believe that corporate solutions is really strategically placed. I mean to be running a public company today is an intense endeavor and you have an increasing need for information to help manage that and then also communicate to your shareholders and your stakeholders. And we're there positioned to meet those needs.
Robert Greifeld: No. As I said, I will be focused on that soon enough. But right now, we're making sure the team is doing all the right things. This is a function. You do the right things, the margins will come. Now if you're expecting this business to have margins like we have in index and data then we won't get there, right? So I don't want to create any false expectations but we certainly know what a world-class software company should have as margins. And that's clearly where we're going to get to.
Robert Greifeld: Great. Well, first off, thank you, everybody, for attending this call today. As I said in my prepared comments, this was truly a remarkable quarter for us. And we congratulate the team on great execution. We're seeing the power of the business model, but it's also important to highlight that this is a balanced quarter. Our results were in no way, shape optimized for the quarter. If anything, you could say that our investments in the future increased during the quarter, which we're proud to do. But we also balance that with a very strong return of capital to our shareholders. So, in many ways, we're pleased with the quarter, but, most importantly, it gives us the platform to continue to grow and continue to provide returns to our shareholders. So thank you for your time. Look forward to talking to you in the near future.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So, Chris, I think that we are seeing definitely some clients very excited about the new platform. And, as Lee mentioned, we're seeing acceleration of new sales in the IR Insight business because of the new platform coming down the road. Also, Q3 does tend to represent a seasonally low quarter with regard to revenue because of the fact that some of our revenue recognition comes from using certain services in a quarter. And there are fewer press releases issued and there are fewer web conferences held during the third quarter just because of the holiday season. So that also tends to be reflected in the third quarter results for corporate solutions. But, overall, we are seeing positive momentum in the business and the competitive landscape does continue to be very competitive. But we are feeling good about the trajectory of the business in general.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So I think that we do, in fact, provide some information regarding our overall retention rates within the business. And we are experiencing just below 90% retention but that generally has been consistent. There are certain parts of our business that are improving in those numbers and there's also certain parts of the business that are well above that. But we do track that and we are seeing improvements in key parts of the business in the retention rate. But that retention rate includes, well, call it, uncontrollable cancels related to mergers, acquisitions and bankruptcies, as well as other things in terms of clients having to move away from services due to budget constraints. At the same time, we also feel that we are seeing, I think, very good growth in those retention rates in some of our key products and we continue to track that very carefully.
Adena T. Friedman: I would just add that we've been in Hong Kong for well over a decade. We have had a good team there. And we've been working with exchanges and as well as broker-dealers in Asia for many, many years. So it is a testament to the relationships that we've been able to develop over the years to be able to find opportunities to work with exchanges as well as broker-dealers in China as well as all over Europe – I mean all over Asia. And I think the team has done a great job there.
Lee Shavel: And may I just add a little directional color, Rob, to Adena's response is that in the third quarter relative to the second quarter, we saw improvements in all of our products from a retention standpoint with the exception of our advisory product which has been a competitive sector for us. And the IR Desktop retention remains steady over that period. So I would say kind of broad improvement. There always are going to be one or two products where we have faced some additional pressure and in this period advisory was that one.
Lee Shavel: And I just want to add, again some directional color. One thing that we're tracking in corporate solutions is, on a quarterly basis, the average number of products per client, average revenue per client, and we have seen steady progress in both of those metrics which, I think, is a sign of continued success in working off of that existing customer base and selling additional products and generating more revenue from it. So that's something that we're watching carefully and are pleased with the specific progress that we've made over the past four quarters.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. So, Ashley, first of all, both of those initiatives are within the GIFT expenses, which, in aggregate, is in the $30 million to $40 million range as we've provided from a guidance standpoint. But, as we've said previously, NLX is approximately $0.02 per quarter and NFX is below that level. So that gives you some sense of the aggregate scale of those initiatives on a quarterly basis.
Lee Shavel: And, Michael, on your question on audit, audit was up just slightly – is up $1 million from the prior quarter and up $2 million from the year ago quarter. So I'd say consistent with kind of the lower level of audit fees that we've had but it was a slight increase from prior periods.
