Lee Shavel: Sure. So I think the important thing to start off with is that in defining the deployed versus the in development, the deployed projects represent initiatives that really have been effectively launched to the marketplace and have achieved in our view, kind of core momentum within the business. They're generating revenues consistent with our expectations and have been established. The in development represent businesses or new initiatives that are currently still establishing their product and distribution. They're characterized by higher-level investment upfront in the businesses in which we expect to generate stronger revenue growth in the years ahead. Now as we look forward, what were our expectations are, are that for the new initiatives spending of $45 million, it consists of a portfolio of new initiatives that have a varying degree of revenue growth across the next 3 to 5 years. We look at them primarily from a return on capital standpoint to make certain that they are generating good returns, as well as generating strong revenue growth, and ultimately, operating profit growth. We show everything on Page 12 in terms of what we've made in investments to make certain that everyone appreciates the fact this is not a new activity for us. That we've been able to generate exceptionally strong revenue growth relative to expenses across that -- across the past 4 years in each of these. And as you can see at the bottom, a number of these initiatives that we've identified that are all in the deployed category.
Lee Shavel: And I would say on the payback period, if you look at the chart on Page 12, you can see that in 2009 obviously, expenses were higher than revenues. But by 2010 in those deployed expenses, we had really achieved operating profit among those -- on those established ventures. It obviously varies project by project. But I would say on average, we generally are reaching our payback period within 1 to 2 years on these deployed projects.
Lee Shavel: Yes, that's correct. Obviously, it varies by business mix between our U.S. and international jurisdictions. I would say that within the U.S., what we are experiencing are some increasing tax rates, particularly at the state level that is influencing that upwards.
Lee Shavel: No, there was nothing unique about the environment. I would say that the share repurchase levels in the fourth quarter reflected the fact that we had really built up some excess capital from not being able to repurchase shares early in the year. And so to a certain extent, the $100 million level was a bit of a catch-up with some of the excess capital that we had generated. And I think in some of my remarks earlier, we had signaled that we may exceed the $50 million to $75 million levels from time to time depending upon on how we gauge our overall capital levels and our needs within the business. I would continue to point folks towards the $50 million to $75 billion per quarter going forward, absent any unexpected changes in capital availability as well as our internal uses of capital.
Lee Shavel: Yes, so an access services, let me address that one first. In access services in the third quarter, we had an exceptionally elevated level in the third quarter due to an audit that generated some one-time revenues. So the decline sequentially third quarter to fourth quarter I think just reflects a reversion back to our normalized growth rate. So that really explains that difference. From a global data product standpoint, the growth in revenues from the third quarter of about 5%, as well as the 10% growth from the fourth quarter is a reflection of a larger number of TotalView pro users, as well as some increased audit revenues over that period. And we think it's particularly strong results given naturally, the relatively weak environment from a Street and broker-dealer standpoint. But those are the primary contributors to the growth in the Data Services business.
Lee Shavel: I will just add. I think you also asked about market data. And there, I think, the observation is correct. Obviously, there are some headwinds from an industry standpoint. But clearly, where we have seen opportunities to grow as been developing new products in our Proprietary Data Products business as well as a number of our recent acquisitions, like Rapid Data and the machine-readable news service where we're able to find new markets, new appetite for products that have allowed us to continue to generate growth despite a more challenging market environment for some of the traditional products.
Lee Shavel: And I think putting it into scale, clearly a couple, even small bolt-on acquisitions could, I think, overwhelm kind of the data related to this initiative. We want to keep the focus on this and we'll obviously, it will give you updates in terms of how the acquisitions are going from an integration and from a returns standpoint. And obviously, that will be embedded in our overall numbers. But I don't want folks to have the expectation that this breakout of spending is going to encompass all of our independent deployment of capital and acquisitions. It's really just focused on the new initiatives.
Lee Shavel: Yes, Dan. I think that it is -- we can't anticipate what may generate a non-GAAP expense going forward to 2012. Obviously, there were some exceptional expenses related to the refinancing and the joint bid for the NYSE that drove the bulk of that difference that we experienced, as well as the write-off that we talked about earlier. So we don't -- there isn't anything on the horizon that we would identify as a substantial non-GAAP element. And certainly, our hope is that there wouldn't be as significant a difference going forward. But that could change depending upon what happens.
Lee Shavel: And I would add that we look at the amount of capital that we're generating. And as I talked in the past, on a GAAP basis, we've generated between $100 million and $125 million in earnings each quarter. And we think about the returns that we can get from investing that within the business in these types of new initiatives in the core businesses, through acquisitions. And we subject all of those deployment decisions to an evaluation of whether we're going to generate an adequate return on our capital consistent with our cost of equity. And if we don't think we can utilize that capital within the business then we're going to return that capital through share repurchases or eventually through dividends. And that's the discipline that guides all of our capital deployment decisions and one that we certainly believe investors should value us for, and hopefully will become kind of a factor of what they view as the total return potential on the stock.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And there's upside in a couple of different ways, not just the introduction of high frequency trading, but as I said as we become a recognized clearinghouse, we think we have the ability to innovate in the product area, and we'll be focused on that.
Lee Shavel: Zero impact on volumes, and it's important to recognize with our FTEN acquisition, we are well positioned to be the supplier of the tools necessary to ensure you're meeting the extra standards.
Lee Shavel: I think there's 2 dimensions that I would just discuss on that. First is and probably most importantly is that the $40 million to $50 million assumes that the projects that are currently in the queue that we're considering, get through that approval process, they need to return hurdles, the growth hurdles that we have. And so it's going to vary as we go through that process. I think that's our best estimate based upon what we see at this point. And then obviously, these initiatives our developing businesses and so the amount of capital they may need may vary from point-to-point. And then thirdly, we are tracking each of these investments very carefully to make certain that they're meeting their milestones. And to the extent that an initiative has clearly fallen off of its milestones, then we'll terminate that investment, thus freeing up capital. And so there are number of variables that are going to influence that number. This is our best guess of what we expect to spend in 2012.
Lee Shavel: Yes, the first thing is we have a tremendous opportunity, and our opportunity is to redefine the markets that we're in. And with respect to the transaction business, we have coined a phrase called, beyond the matched. So it's our job to go to these investment banks to all our customers. It's okay. We're providing matching services for you. You'll love the technology, you'll love the speed, everything we do there, and we understand your explicit price per transaction is declined quite dramatically. But in the prestructured fragmented world of REG and MS, your infrastructure costs has exploded. And you see that, that infrastructure cost is no longer in any way, shape or form a relative competitive advantage. It just represents a cause. What can we do essentially to allow you to be in the equity game without such a high step-up costs? So when you see the great growth we've had in our equity businesses in a very tepid transaction environment, we've done that by understanding what our customers are about and then offering products and services that release infrastructure costs. And clearly, we've made certain acquisitions, such as SMARTS and FTEN to do that. But we've also developed our colocation services or access services. So we're on that mission. It's part of obviously, our long-term strategic direction. And it's a little counterintuitive, but to the extent our customers get more focused on their cost of being in the business that represents fundamental opportunities.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I would say is take a little issue. I think we've been very good at the bolt-on acquisitions, not pretty good. And that they've worked incredibly well for us. I think we have the great benefit of being able to execute successfully on all 3 areas. So we talked about organic growth initiatives, which you just questioned Lee on. Clearly, we'll do some other acquisitions, and we'll also do capital returns. So our business model allows us to really do all 3, I think, well. And so we don't really see a bottleneck or contention in those objectives.
Robert Greifeld: So in terms of the distribution of the initiative dollars, you'd have to say that the larger percentage of the dollars are going into our transaction businesses at this point in time. So whether that be in derivatives, in equities, in commodities, they're consuming the single largest amount of dollars.
Robert Greifeld: Sure, good question. What I've said before, Roger, is that the dividend question is not if, but when. And clearly, we're focused on the buyback. And I think the dividend will become more real as we get towards the end of the buyback program. And again, these discussions are all subject to the Board voting on whether or not they want to do a dividend. My comment.
Robert Greifeld: Sure, on the $100 million from the Nordic clearinghouse, that will be capital that is in Europe and in order to -- we would plan on utilizing that capital within the European venue. If we needed to, we could bring that back to the U.S., although we would have to pay taxes in order to bring that back. We don't see any need for that given the strong cash flow and cash levels that we have within the U.S., but that is a restriction that we would face in repatriating that cash out of Europe.
Robert Greifeld: So Rich, on the first question the reason that you don't see as big an impact in the fourth quarter is that we received authorization for that relatively late in the quarter, and we're subject to our blackout period. And so it had a relatively limited impact in the fourth quarter. You'll see the full effect in the first quarter. And with regard to the second question, the $100 million freed up, I think you're correct that I'm not -- we wouldn't characterize that as available to supplement the share repurchase program. But that is capital that will be utilized within the European business, but we continue to stand by our guidance from ongoing share repurchases.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think it was a single person, Rich, who ran a story that was obviously not picked by anybody else. And so it was just one story, and we're not really going to comment beyond that.
Robert Greifeld: I think the track record's been unbelievably bad in terms of information, but that's our opinion. So it was one story that was written from there. Obviously, any Board deliberations are Board deliberations -- and right now, we have a long-standing chairman, who done a wonderful job for NASDAQ OMX.
Robert Greifeld: I serve at the pleasure of the Board. And right now, I'm having a great time being the CEO of NASDAQ OMX, and hopefully, investors think that I'm doing a reasonably good job with it. And that's what we're focused on.
Robert Greifeld: I don't know if I have been that good. But I would say -- what I do say is obviously, over the medium to long-term volumes will follow GDP growth. To the extent you have increased GDP activity, you've got disposable income. People will take that and tend to invest it in equities. Certainly, when we look at the volume over the last 2 years, we had 1 good month of volume in 2011, that was August. In 2010, we had really May and part of June. So we have built this business right now to certainly enjoy when we have good volumes, but what we can produce I think adequate performance, adequate to good performance in a bad volume environment. So when I look at a given year, I think it's reasonable for us to expect that we would have 1 to 2 good months. January is certainly not that. But with what's going on in the world and what's going to happen in the American election cycle, we sit here in January thinking that there'll be several months during the year that we'll enjoy higher volume volatility. So that's our kind of 2012 outlook. It's in our plans. I would say the volume outlook though for '12 is still below what we presented during our Investor Day. So we're not seeing getting back to that level, but we're reasonably comfortable.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, well, I'll answer this question. I'll do is answer this question as comprehensively as I can, and then hopefully, that will be the last question on the topic. The first thing you have to say with respect to the failed transaction is that we here at NASDAQ OMX is certainly empathetic to the feelings of the management team of both Deutsche and NYSE. It wasn't too long ago that Jeff Sprecher, myself and the management teams from ICE and NASDAQ, obviously, failed. And we had to go through really a painful moments full of frustration and a dominant feeling of not having your arguments understood. Now we recovered, ICE has recovered. And I'm sure that Reto and Duncan and their teams are formidable competitors and will recover from this setback. Now when you look at this any time you're trying to complete a merger where the number of competitors is low or the market share is high, your successful hinge on whether you can broaden the definition of the market. In our situation, we attempted to define capital raising and the public listing market in global terms. And during the brief period of time, we're involved with the DOJ process name brand companies, such as Samsonite, Prada and Glencore chose to list outside their home markets. We also witnessed billion-dollar capital raises occurring outside of public markets. But we obviously didn't carry the day with the winning market definition. Our deal was turned down similarly you see that this deal was turned down because they were not able to successfully redefine what the market is. Now we do not believe that this ruling will preclude other large exchange deals from happening. Our rejection by the DOJ and today's rejection by the EU Competition Committee certainly sent a clear message that if a transaction results in over 90% market share in a predefined market is highly suspect. But there is a compelling industrial logic of combining operations and technology of nonoverlapping exchanges, and that will happen in the future. Now with respect to NASDAQ OMX, as we've said now several times during this call, we're focused on our strategy of organic growth, amplified through bolt-on acquisitions while providing a capital return to shareholders. And this plan was developed independent of the Deutsche Boerse acquisition of NYSE and is obviously not affected by today's decision.
Robert Greifeld: I would say this, first, with respect to our internal organic growth initiatives, we are what we call a high-watermark with respect to the opportunities available to us. And we obviously are committed to funding those opportunities to invest in our future. Likewise, in the spear of acquisitions under the broad category of bolt on, we see more opportunities coming our way then we've had in the last several years. Obviously, there's always a stand-off with respect to valuation, and we've sit down on a number in the last 18 months based upon that. But I think things are getting closer together on the bid offer spread. In our core businesses, as I said in my prepared comments, we obviously have started the year slow with respect to volume. As we look at our businesses, which have now diversified away from being so volume dependent, we certainly think that as we look at the numbers we want to achieve in 2012, we need 1 to 2 quarters -- 1 to 2 months of good volumes to hit our numbers. And I think that's a reasonable expectation that will happen based upon the geopolitical situation that we live in and plus the basic economy in the U.S. starting to heal. And we certainly see a broad pipeline of IPOs. As I said again in my prepared comments, we have a higher level of IPO applications than in the last 10 years, which is kind of shocking when I saw that stat a couple of weeks ago, there. With respect to market technology, in general as we've articulated before, we are on a mission to broaden the scope. We crossed the Rubicon when we made the SMARTS acquisition where we're defining our markets to be not just exchanges and regulators, but brokers, so we see a tremendous growth opportunity in that in the time to come. And again in my prepared comments, it says that SMARTS year-on-year grew I think 25%. So it's been an impressive performance. In market tech in particular, there is some lumpiness represented in numbers between the breakdown between, we'll call it, large-scale projects and short term, what we call CRs, customers change request. So that will kind of skew back and forth depending upon what's going on. But clearly, the market tech franchise is at, I think, a high-watermark with respect to its strength.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely. And certainly the first and foremost is our incentive pay, which is tied to a certain level of performance. But I want to say very clearly that how we're managing NASDAQ OMX today is on 2 different tracks. So on the core track, which you asked a question on, we will manage the business climate and clearly, if we think the revenue forecast we have for that core business is no longer valid, then we'll make the appropriate responses from a management point of view, as we have done in the past. So I think I've demonstrated a good track record of doing that. The second side of our core initiatives, we have dramatically increased our ways to execute those initiatives and to weigh, measure and count and to track them quite efficiently. So they go to a separate set of dynamics, some of the dynamics are actually nonfinancial milestones that these things -- these initiatives have to hit to the extent they don't, that we have a discipline to say, "Okay, whatever we assumed in the beginning is not quite working and then make whatever clinical decisions we have to after that." So the core is certainly responsive to the particular environments for the year, investments are really responsive to the state of the opportunity and how we're executing there.
Robert Greifeld: Niamh, what I would say is that acquisitions are kind of a different game. And what we want to isolate here are in our specific organic investments within the business. Obviously, our acquisitions are subject to exactly the same disciplines from a return on capital and from a profitability standpoint. I think we want to particularly focus on those internal projects because we want to provide some separation between where we're maintaining expense discipline on the core business and then where we're investing for growth on the internal side.
Robert Greifeld: And the important thing to recognize, Niamh, was acquisitions. We're looking always looking to do a transaction. What we'd call, one bowling pin left or right, which is leveraging some assets of the mother ship. And what that means in so many words is these acquisitions quickly gets subsumed within the mother ship, and it's hard then to track them independently in a quite rapid period of time. And we try to do that for as long as we can. But for example, when we buy a company, such as FTEN or SMARTS, then the operations aspect of the company goes into our corporate operations area. The development people go in a different direction, the salespeople go here. So we tend to subsume things in. We don't have companies that are left to stand-alone portfolio plays.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think the options business is a very competitive business, and in certain dimensions, it's as or not more competitive than the equities business. Now we have obviously, a very capable management team led by Eric Noll and as Tom Wittman and we've taken a lot of proper steps in the marketplace. We certainly see that we're setting the tone. Competitors are responding to us, and it is a chess game that we play quite aggressively. So one is we think the core options franchises a strong franchise. We think as an asset class is still continuing to be accepted by a greater number of market participants so that will help us there. And as we mentioned with our complex order flow and other initiatives we have, we feel very comfortable that we have a good path to success there.
Robert Greifeld: Good question. And I've said before that we expect to have a resolution of IDCG by the end of February, and I believe I said it back in November. I think that is still a very good date. I don't think it will be February 1, it might be February 31, if such a date exists, but it's good. It's moving along, we feel comfortable with it. We have currently $75 million of capital tied up at IDCG, so we expect with any resolution that, that capital will be available for general use.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I would say this, and Eric's here if I can't answer the question properly. It's generally flexible in terms of how people approach it and that's obviously worked out well for us. But I'd also want to make it very clear that the infrastructure that's built up, while our terms are flexible is somewhat inflexible from the customers' point of view. So we find that there's great retention for that, and it really stays there, independent of volume.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one is we've seen the increased activity in derivatives market. As you know, we have converted just recently most of that activity to Genium INET. The next major evolution is to move to the member guarantee fund. And then we'll have, I think, a European class competitor in the marketplace. We are in the process of moving more computer-based trading into our data center. So it's moving along basically the same track as the equity plan just at a little different phasing of the timing.
Robert Greifeld: All right, so this is, I've said before, it is really right out of a bad horror movie in that the monster gets killed. But then next scene, they come back to life somehow. And we're going to live through that with the transaction tax discussion both here in the U.S. and Europe. Europe obviously, has more publicity at this particular point in time. It's important to note that Sweden tried a transaction tax to disastrous effect and that is in the psyche of everybody from a political and a regulatory perspective. And they, in many of the other countries in the Nordics are, in fact, dead set against that transaction tax. So as you know, Sweden and Denmark normally don't trade on the euros. So they said they put a transaction tax in on the Europe countries, we will only be affected in Finland, which is one of our smaller markets. So one, if we're to predict anything right now, we don't see our Nordic countries supporting it. We don't see it applying to them to the extent it applies to the eurozone. And then it would probably represent some of level of opportunity for us.
Robert Greifeld: I would say this that we think that the opportunity in the regulatory side is not in enactment of the concept release. We believe that will continue together, dust on the shelf. But we are witnessing an increased receptivity by the commission to entertain different type of market structures and certainly market structures that have some advantage to naturals, whether that would be institutional and/or retail providers. So it'd be our job to understand that and then respond to that opportunity. So I think that's probably more of a focus than anything else right now.
Robert Greifeld: The first is I will say is in the future, we're going to try to provide more details on the financial success of these initiatives over time. Certainly, on what is it Page 11, 12? Page 12 today, you can see that we've done well with it, but there's other timebase metrics that we'll provide to you in the future. But certainly, with respect to how we are deploying our capital, this one of the things that drive us here at NASDAQ OMX.
Robert Greifeld: You've got 2 things. This is Bob. One is the Nordic power certainly started to improve its core performance as the year waxed on. It was, overall, not a good year for Nordic Power, but we saw an improvement, especially as we got into December and that's carried into January. And the second, as I referenced in my comments, N2EX, essentially quarter-on-quarter, doubled their terawatt hours that we traded on, on the market. So we have a corresponding increase in revenue. So that's certainly one of our new initiatives, which is moving beyond the funding stage. And it was starting to contribute in a very positive way for us.
Robert Greifeld: Yes Brian. One is we have been pursuing a strategy to make our markets in the Nordic more attractive to Europe and the global -- European and global players. And obviously, part and parcel of that is to make sure that we have the technology and the colocation services that are acceptable in that defined set of circumstances. So the equity market had a very successful year with colocation business and we see that, that's increasing its penetration, quite dramatically. And we would say that the trading volume has not gone up as quickly as the colo business would suggest, but we think that's just a matter of time and circumstances. The derivatives market is the same, same drill, same marching plan, I think the equity market's somewhat ahead of the derivatives market, but you expect that, that won't narrow as we march forward in 2012.
Robert Greifeld: It's important to recognize that the core business will be influenced by the economic forces of the year, but the initiatives will not be influenced so much by that, but really the microenvironment in terms of how they're trying to compete and also by the particulars of that competitive dynamic in that microenvironment.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one, is you obviously want to talk to them. I don't want to speak for them. I would say that they certainly have evidence in every way, shape or form that they are a very long-term holder of NASDAQ OMX. They represent our Board and are a strong contributor to our board discussions. So I think we're, I think, in a very good place with the relationship, and we don't anticipate any opportunity to buy back any of their shares.
Robert Greifeld: No -- yes, we're absolutely clear that these are separate in the Street investment projects. We're not moving investments in infrastructure or security or anything related to the business into this. These all have to have, have an independent business model that demonstrates revenue production in order for us to make the investment.
Robert Greifeld: Sure, we -- the return on investment for each of these individual projects is really calibrated based upon -- starting with what we think our cost of equity is. And as we've said in the past, we view this currently the 10% to 11% range. And then what we'd do is we'll apply some risk-adjusted premium that we think is appropriate for the risk of that individual investment so that we're comfortable that the project is expected to generate some significant return in excess of our core cost of equity.
Robert Greifeld: It's important to recognize and I think with the businesses that we're in, we only invest in, what I'll call, scalable businesses that have high leverage returns to us. And as we look at these initiatives as a, I think, the fundamental grounding of it is somewhat binary. In that if they work, we'll do very well. We're not in a low-margin, business-type environment. And obviously, if they don't work, then it's time for us to move upon. But we have as an operating entree to only invest in technology-based businesses that are fundamentally scalable.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, the first thing is when you have low volatility, which we experienced so far, we experienced in January then you tend to see internalization going higher. As I said previously, we do not expect the regulators to move upon the concept at least, and it's not our focus at this particular point in time. But we do see opportunities for us to further segment our market and product offerings, which will represent some -- we think some fundamental opportunity for us. So that's what we're focused on. How do we segment our customers? How do we make sure we're delivering the right price, right service and right kind of market structure for each of these customers at the appropriate point in time.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, there's probably 3 or 4 things we're focused on. Some of them I referred to in the past, but clearly when we're talking about complex orders, we're working to improve both our functionality and our distribution on that, and we think we're making some headway in that regard. And then the options pricing is orders of magnitude, more complicated and more segmented than the equity world. And it's really a question of which part, which dollar you spend to attract certain business from certain customers. And we continue to refine that, that witch's brew.
Robert Greifeld: So we're certainly very proud of our success in 2011, and when you look at our last 4 years, as I said in my opening comments, with declining macro economic forces, we've been able to continue to execute quite successfully. We start with an engaged -- in 2012, with an engaged management team has a clear sense of direction and we will continue to execute as we've done over the past number of years. So I appreciate your time and your support. Looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
