Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So the first question is what was the margin of Corporate Solutions for the year and you're very close, it was 11% for the year. And in terms of the margin improvement, I would say that the majority of the margin improvement we did expect to receive or we do expect to receive through the Corporate Solutions business as we continue to consolidate our platforms and kind of go down the roadmap that we established at our Investor Day back in April. We fully intend to continue to do that and we do see some significant efficiency benefits coming from that over the next year. But I also would say that as we continue to grow our Market Technologies businesses, particularly the surveillance business, there are opportunities to continue to scale in that business. But that's a, I would say that we have also – we're also making some investments in that business to make sure that we're positioning it for the next 5 years to 10 years of future growth. So there are some investments there in addition to the opportunity to scale whereas in Corporate Solutions there's a very clear path that we are undertaking to get to a higher margin.
Adena T. Friedman: We do get net positive revenue from the NFX business, but we obviously have higher expenses than we have revenues. So therefore we would expect that – so the drag is really coming from the expenses as compared to the revenue intake so far.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, when we look at it specifically for the U.S. Treasuries business, I think that we see the opportunity for us to, first of all focus our efforts. So we had two initiatives that we had started to launch in 2016 that we've chosen not to continue to pursue, because we really want to focus on the core business and the core value proposition, that the Nasdaq fixed income business provides. And when we look at ways that we can provide our clients with better service or better capabilities, I think there are three things that we're focused on as we go into 2017. The first are some new critical order types that we expect to introduce in the first half of the year. The second is continued rollout of new assets into the platform and trying to get more volume into those assets, mainly off-the-run assets. And then the third is the potential for us to look at creating more of a direct connect between the dealers and their clients, but through some interfaces and networking that we can provide using our technology as opposed to having to have them have to build that outside in their own infrastructure. So there are ways that we are looking at continuing to build on the business that we have and we would expect that as we go through the year we'll start to see the benefits of that.
Adena T. Friedman: We have not provided target margins for the Corporate Services business. What we will continue to provide you though is the Technology Solutions margin as it was prior – previously reported because of the fact that we've given you a target margin for that combined segment. So we want to continue to provide that transparency to you, and therefore, we will continue to provide that as we march to that 20% goal. But we're not providing a separate and distinct Corporate Services margin goal at this point.
Adena T. Friedman: Right, and it's a combination of – it's margin improvement combined with – for a combination of both continuing to progress the business and the value proposition to the clients in addition to finding new efficiencies, yes.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. While we take a very strategic approach to looking at market data pricing across the suite of products that we have both in the U.S. and in Europe, and we take a very measured approach to looking at how we can generate value for our clients and therefore pursue some pricing changes in our products, we don't do a standard sweep of pricing increases on an annual basis, that's not our approach at all. But we do anticipate that the pricing changes that we have proposed and implemented in the market data business in particular will generate somewhere in the range of – I think around 2% growth, but it's not – it's not particularly significant, but it is something that we continue to pursue in connection with of course, growing the demand for our products, as well as introducing new products in the business.
Adena T. Friedman: I don't think we've ever provided you a breakeven level specifically on contracts traded. We have a combination of growth in the contracts traded as well as continued work with our clients to effectuate some pricing increases, as we go into 2017, and through the year, and we are working in collaboration with them, to establish what those pricing increases should be, in connection with those products, where we've had a critical mass of market share. So that's a dynamic conversation that we have with our clients, but we – they are very aware of and supportive of us making certain pricing moves to continue to get to a sustainable level within that business, but it's going to be a combination of those pricing changes and continued growth in the contracts traded, and we've not provided any specific goals for that publicly.
Adena T. Friedman: Great. Thanks, Alex. So the first thing I would say is that we are obviously encouraged by the fact that we have gotten to the point of stabilizing the revenue and now experiencing some organic growth in the business. We certainly are hopeful that we can continue that momentum into 2017, and we are doing that sort of combination of a lot of things, one is continuing to improve and increase the value proposition to the clients to making – to make it so that it's more interesting for the clients to take our products or maybe expand our usage of our products as well as making sure that we can retain the clients because this is a renewal type of business, so that's very important for us to make sure that we can renew our clients every year. And then on top of that, we are making sure that we invest in certain innovations that make these types of offerings more compelling to them. In terms of what drove the fourth quarter specifically, we were – we found the highest growth in the advisory business, which is a part of our IR intelligence suite where we provide very detailed information around ownership levels for publicly listed companies, as well as in our board portal space, that continues to be a great growth business for us, and so those were the two drivers of growth in the quarter. In terms of pricing changes, we do do modest pricing changes, not across the entire suite of solutions, every year we make a determination as to where we believe that it's appropriate to do pricing changes, but we have, but they are very modest within the contracts they are very, we have a cap, it's somewhere in the range of anywhere from 2% to 3% and we have done those as we've gone into 2017, and that just kind of flows into the business. We don't make mid-year pricing changes as a general matter.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So, well we are – we're very aligned with our clients, and so we spend a lot of time working with them to determine how best to enable them to effectuate their strategies within the options markets that we have. We now have, of course have six options markets, and a lot of different choices in how they can participate in the options business. So it does give them more opportunity to work with us to find ways to effectuate their strategies. We have had some of our larger clients choose to increase their participation in our market. We are very pleased with that, and that of course brings with it follow-on volume from other clients who want to interact with that flow, and that's been driving the increase. In terms of the contracts, the pricing per contract, the – there are volume tiers and others things in the market, so we would anticipate that as to the extent that they are bringing in more flow and creating and hitting certain levels that we might see a slight decline in the contract – pricing per contract as it has to do with the (39:35) incremental market share, but nothing dramatic.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well this is just a movement of the segments, but overall for the non-trading businesses we continue to project out that we have outlook of mid-single-digits growth across all of our non-trading businesses. I think that in terms of looking at how we've broken it out now, you can see that we believe that the Market Technology business has more of a mid to high single-digits opportunities, whereas the Corporate Solutions and combined with Listings continues to have more of a low single-digits growth opportunity for now. And I think that that's our outlook at the moment and we will continue to refine that as we continue to progress the businesses.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. And in terms of buyback activity, as we've said, we've actually been saying this since the middle of last year. We will continue our buyback activity primarily associated with managing our share count, but we will also take opportunities when they present themselves to do buybacks as well.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So order intake does tend to progress as you go through the year, and there will be certain years where we might have some large contracts signed earlier in the year. But for this particular year, we just found that a lot of our clients are kind of making these big decisions towards the end of the year. So we're very pleased with that. I think also the introduction of the Nasdaq Financial Framework did catalyze more conversations with clients, and that takes time for them to understand what we are presenting to them in terms of the next generation technology, and getting them to understand the value that it presents to them and their business, and that then also culminated in some sales later in the year. In terms of revenue conversion under the current accounting guidelines or the way that we account for that revenue today, it does, as you know we don't account for revenue until we've fully deployed the solution into the client. So that's why there was such a lag with Borsa Istanbul, in terms of when we signed the contract versus when we started seeing revenue earlier this year. And so, for these clients, these – I mean, across all of that order intake some of it will be – some of it will be recognized frankly within six months and some other of the revenue might not be recognized for another year or 18 months. But none of them are as big and complex as the Borsa Istanbul deal in terms of taking years to be able to show up in the revenue.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, I would say that the conversations we've had with clients in terms of having them drive their volume into the platforms has not been specific to complex order functionality, but rather the overall value proposition we have between kind of the pro rata market, the complex market, and the price-time market. So, it wasn't specific to any sort of complex order strategies that they were trying to deploy. In terms of the pricing and we did make some moves earlier last year, leading up to the close and then right after the close, we did make some pricing moves across some of the price-time markets and those who were already – they've already manifested themselves into the pricing. And as of right now, that's kind of what we're carrying forward with us.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, I would say that we continue to have a very healthy pipeline of opportunities across both our existing clients and new clients for our core market tech business. And just to remind everyone, the market technology business is really in three components. There is the core market technology business that we offer out to other marketplaces around the world; there's the smart surveillance business that's offered both to marketplaces and broker dealers and now also institutional investors around the world and then there's the GRC platform that's really primarily offered to corporate clients. So we do have a lot of different ways for us to penetrate our clients or grow our client base And I would say that where we're seeing a lot of opportunity, number one, is we have been working with new markets that want to launch in new asset classes that are frankly not necessarily financial asset classes. And so that's a really fun and exciting area, because we're able to leverage our core technology. And particularly the Nasdaq Financial Framework, because it's cloud-enabled, does allow us to essentially launch markets in the cloud now and that is kind of a very compelling offer to some new markets that are looking at new ways to generate liquidity in other asset classes, so that would include the two that I mentioned in my script. I think that then on the existing clients in the core market technology business, we have a healthy pipeline of clients who are looking to upgrade or really upgrade their existing platforms as well as broaden out what they do with us. So, where you can see with Borsa Istanbul, we had more than 10 components that they implemented with us, whereas some of our other clients were still working on one or two. So we do have the opportunity to expand across what we do with our existing clients and that manifested itself in some of the order intake that came in the end of the year. And then in the smart surveillance business, that continues to be a very high-growth business for us. We continue to penetrate the broker-dealer space with our surveillance offerings. We're now offering a key e-coms compliance combined with surveillance, total package using very advanced machine intelligence. And then we also have launched a buy-side platform, specifically for them in surveillance, and we already have some early clients working with us to implement that. So, we have a lot of growth opportunities across the businesses.
Adena T. Friedman: Great. So, I share Bob's general view that we need to take a balanced approach to looking at how we deploy our capital across the franchise. We focus on R&D and we've given you view as to looking at essentially somewhere in the range of 2% of our revenue. We're trying to make sure we're investing in R&D. I think that we also look at the capital return in terms of our dividend, and we're very committed to that, and I'll touch on that a little bit more in a minute, share buybacks. But then also making sure that we do take advantage of opportunities that are in the market to expand our business meaningfully, and provide good returns for you. We are very disciplined in the way that we look at the return profile on deals. I think that the deals that we've done over the last two-and-a-half years, since I've been here, I think reflect the fact that we are very, very focused on making sure we generate great returns to you as shareholders, but also really meaningful improvements in what we can offer our clients, and we will continue to do that as part of our strategy. In terms of dividends versus buybacks, again I think we do take a balanced approach to that, and we will continue to do that. We will provide any sort of updated guidance on our dividend in the next quarter, and that's all I'll say about that right now.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, they will all be migrated onto that pricing next year in 2018. And so this year, it continues to be a voluntary program, and we have had the majority of our clients move into that all-inclusive fee, because it is very compelling for them, particularly if they do – they have any sort of share incidences (52:04) across, in their business. So, but we will be migrating all of our clients onto that new fee structure next year.
Adena T. Friedman: I think that, well, we do have some restrictions in our ability to generate kind of pricing synergies across exchanges in the United States. The SEC, we have proposed the opportunity for us to provide pricing across our exchanges and try to leverage the fact that we do have great businesses in equities and options in the United States as well as in Europe. But, the – there are some regulatory restrictions to our ability to do any sort of cross pricing. In terms of though – in terms of the way that we work with our clients, in terms of connecting into our data center and leveraging all of the capabilities we have, I think that we do find that we have much deeper relationships with our customers because we can offer them an opportunity to trade across asset classes, the complex order functionality in ISC or in our options business now does allow them to create strategies across equities and options. And we actually are continuing to look at, particularly in the data products area, ways that we can look at the options data and make – and using machine intelligence find opportunities potentially in equities. So, there are things we can do, but we do have some regulatory restrictions because each of these exchanges are separate and distinct exchanges.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, I think that the primary area of initial opportunity as we continue to deploy the blockchain and certainly the cloud, as well as, machine intelligence, I would say all are primarily focused in the Market Technology business because of the fact that the Nasdaq Financial Framework is cloud enabled and provides full blockchain capabilities from pre-trade risk management all the way to settlement. So we do have some near-term opportunities to leverage those technologies with clients who are paying to deploy those technologies within their markets. And so, we definitely see that as a good area of growth for us. I would say primarily in 2018, but certainly with order intake in 2017. And then, of course, with the SMARTS business we are fully integrating natural language processing machine intelligence capabilities from a partner into our solutions. And so that is a near-term, immediate term, and we already have on two clients signed up to do proof of concept with us and we do anticipate to have signed clients this year for that. And then on the Trading and Insights business, our platform, which is in our Information Services business, we are specifically working with several machine intelligence companies to leverage their capabilities to look at our data and find potential alpha signals within our data, as well as actually bringing in other third-party data into the platform. And it's a really fun and exciting area for us. That will take a while for that to manifest itself. We already having paying clients using some of those machine intelligence-driven products, but that's very early days, and we do anticipate continuing to rollout products over the next several years to grow that into a critical mass, but that is a long-term opportunity for us with some near-term revenue but against the entire revenue stream of GIS business, it will continue to be small in the short run. And then lastly in the Corporate Solutions business, we will be starting to work with the machine intelligence in the IR intelligence suite, and that's, we haven't yet done that though, so that's kind of right in the beginning of where we are looking at ways to innovate on the IR intelligence side of the business.
Adena T. Friedman: I would say that we are primarily focused on organic opportunities. We may have the – we have made a couple of strategic and small investments into some interesting and growing technology companies most notably in the blockchain and machine intelligence area, and we may continue to do that. But at this point, we are focused on this being organic. We have been growing our team of data scientists. We have been growing our capabilities and our expertise in the blockchain. We have I think a spectacular technology team that really is working hard to make sure that we can create as many organic opportunities as possible across these technologies. So, we're very excited about it.
Adena T. Friedman: And with regard to the, we call it Trade Management Solutions now instead of Access Services, but the connectivity fee filing that you're mentioning, we have amended that filing and we do continue to work with the SEC to get it to be approved. I think that it will – that the filing itself in terms of the proposal itself does not have a very significant impact on our revenue, it was a modest filing to begin with and it will continue to be a modest filing in its refined form.
Adena T. Friedman: Okay. Well, I would spend a couple of minutes comparing NFX to NLX. I think that NLX, we do want to make sure that when we make investments in these types of things that we are finding every opportunity to succeed, and we are working very closely with the clients to understand whether they see a path to success as well. And with NLX, I think that as we went through last year and we continued to struggle in terms of building up open interest in the platform and we continue to have significant delays from LCH in their ability to support cross margining across the short-end, which only came towards the beginning of last year, and then, the long-end still hasn't arrived, and now they're delaying it even further. It really essentially created or eliminated the momentum in that business and we started to get the sense that they just – our clients did not see a path to success for the business. And then, I would say that now we can compare that to NFX. In NLX, we topped out at maybe 100,000 contracts of open interest in the platform and that was before last year. So last year we did not top 50,000 contracts in open interest. In NFX, we have almost 1.5 million contracts of open interest. We have daily volumes of, as I mentioned north of 200,000 contracts a day, we continue to onboard new clients. Our Market Advisory Committee is incredibly engaged and committed to the platform, they continue to push us to add new products onto the platform, they are continuing to bring other clients into the platform; it's been an amazing experience in terms of the motivation that our customers have in NFX to drive to a sustainable competitor in the business. They want to see competition in this business, they appreciate the fact that OCC has come in as a clearing house to support the business and they are very, very committed to us. So, it's just a totally different experience with our customers as we've looked at the juxtaposition of these two businesses. And, it was time – I think with NLX to say this does just – we don't see a path to long-term success here, whereas NFX we see, we do see a path to long-term success, assuming we can continue the momentum in the business and that continued commitments from the customers, which is really pretty spectacular right now. I think that in terms of looking at a path to profitability for NFX, just to refine Michael's comments, we do see a path to profitability. Do we expect that to happen this year? It may not, just, it all depends on how much growth we can get in contracts traded and how much of the pricing that we can implement as we go through the year. So, I just want to say that we continue to see a path, it may not be this year, it may be that we end up hitting that next year but that's certainly our expectation and our goal.
Adena T. Friedman: Well in a business where we generate over $2 billion in revenue, the idea that we would commit $40 million to $50 million in R&D activities to me seems actually very, you could argue prudent, or you could even say that we can – we need to find even more opportunities for us to invest in our future. So I feel very confident and comfortable that we're making the right level of investment in R&D, I think that the key is for us to make sure that we are focusing our R&D efforts on things that we believe can generate the right long-term return on invested capital and we look at every R&D initiative going forward. We will look at it on – on a long-term ROIC. Now, organic activities and organic growth as compared to M&A. M&A tends, you tend to have a shorter time horizon for looking at the return of invested capital, because you're investing more capital upfront and you're buying an existing business and then you are integrating it quicker, whereas organic growth opportunities some might manifest themselves with an ROIC over three years, some over five years, and some over longer, but we need to make sure we know that going in and we look at that and calibrate what's the return we expect versus the investment and therefore how long are we going to give it to have runway to grow. And that's a very, very important focus for me and it is something that I'm extremely committed to working on with Michael to make sure that we are balancing that out appropriately as we look at new opportunities in the business. So I feel that and then on the capital return side, we've been extremely committed to returning capital to shareholders through a growing dividend that we've had, I think we've gotten to, I think a nice return profile for the clients -for our shareholders, sorry, on the dividend. I also think that we've been very opportunistic and strong in our share repurchase program. So I feel like we are returning a lot of capital to shareholders while we're also investing in our growth and that is the right way for us to run this business. And I think that that's we will continue to do going forward.
Adena T. Friedman: Thank you. Well, thanks everyone for your time today. I would like to reiterate that Nasdaq is operating on a very solid foundation across our business, in terms of our team, our technology and the offerings to our clients. We have opportunities across our businesses to leverage that foundation to continue to grow and expand our relationships across our broker-dealer, investor, corporate and exchange clients, and we are excited about our ambitions for 2017. So with that, thank you very much, and this concludes the call.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: There is – we're still negative on the revenue side on NFX total. We are charging now but through the rebates, et cetera, we still are a negative standpoint.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So it's really tied to the timing of the vesting of the equity where it's historically. So, we provided the guidance for the full year and for the first quarter. The second quarter we'll go back more of a normalized run rate. The third quarter we'll probably be down, again the tax rate will be down again. We'll provide greater guidance as we get closer to that rate and we get more assurity as to what the percentages might be, but you can use the average for the year in that range and that does take into account that there should be also a drop in the third quarter.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Just to be clear, it won't be as big a drop as it was in the first quarter, it will be much smaller than the first one.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. We look at that on a gross basis, and we're aiming for that for the mid 2018 as you know that's where we'll be heading towards that mid 2 times.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: No, we didn't repurchase any in the fourth quarter. We continue to analyze it and we will continue to repurchase shares as Adena mentioned. But we do it on a – we look at it overall and for the year we repurchased about $100 million in shares for the year and we'll continue to repurchase as we go forward.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's basically, we had achieved a number that we had wanted to for 2016 and as we continue to evaluate the different opportunities in front of us we'll look at the timing. So there isn't a commitment to repurchase every single quarter. But we will take a look at that going forward.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, there does continue to have about a $0.02 order in the short-term, although depending on the timing, as we see volume increases and the pricing changes start to come in, obviously that will start to, we hope breakeven and then reach profitability. So, I would say built into the guidance does assume that we will continue to have that expense – the expenses behind it. The revenue impact of that is not included obviously in that expense guidance, that shows up in the revenue line. So there continues to be the expense behind it, but the revenue piece of that we hope to improve as we go throughout the year.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, the quarter-on-quarter drop in the data revenue was primarily due to two reasons. One, we were slightly lower in our audit revenue in the quarter, down, we were $3 million this quarter down from $4 million last quarter. And the second reason is due to FX, so there was sort of a slight impact of FX, so that was what caused the difference.
