Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say this, Rich. I believe the participants in the market in both the buy and the sell side are interested in having more than one platform be viable for interest rate swaps. So we were pleased with our progress in the second quarter. As I said, we have gone live. We have trades going through the system. Our level of engagement with the, I would say, all aspects of the street has intensified during the third quarter. And as I said, we're pleased with the progress.
Robert Greifeld: Rich, I would agree with you. We want to go dramatically higher in the size, but as we went live, we expect that it would build. It would whack as higher, and people have to have increased confidence in the model. So it's in the range of what we expected, but the key point is we expect it to continue to increase. And I would say that we're working very aggressively at the buy side to ensure that they have true direct access to the market, and direct access, being defined where they can control the posting activity. So I think every week that goes by, we pick up one or two more buy side furniture capable of doing that. So we're making progress there. I'll go back to your second question, Rich, and that's on SMARTS. What is I think it's good for us in the first quarter and I know you can to the engineering, it was essentially flat to us and we expect the synergies will start coming in, in the fourth quarter. So I think that acquisition will be well within our guidelines for accretion within the first 12 months. And going back to your first question, I want to make it clear, that we certainly believe, and I think everybody in the industry believes, there'll be more than one competitor over the long-term for clearing of interest rate swaps.
Robert Greifeld: We're taking, I think, a quite innovative move that's effective November 1, with our pricing for U.S. cash equities. And it's the first time that I think the pricing, if targeted, to what I'll call the natural buyers or sellers, the natural providers of liquidity. And it operates on a theory that if we attract more the naturals, then others will follow. And I would say in discussions with our customers over the last week or so, it's been the strongest positive reaction we have received for any pricing action that I can remember. And we have four firms that are committed come Monday to provide, what I'll call significant incremental volume to the platform. So we're excited about that move.
Robert Greifeld: And it's becoming increasingly clear that we are the preferred data center hosting operation for the industry, and we are the beneficiary then of more of the activity in the industry, and that's certainly helping drive our financial results.
Robert Greifeld: Obviously, we may be talking to different people, but I would say this, that our buy side support is coming from several larger players, who are I think in certain ways, the ax in this activity, who are committed to the platform, and they were comfortable where we are with them at this point in time. And as you saw during the quarter, the range of clearing of SGMs available has increased, and I would say that the size that they have in the balance sheet that affirms such as State Street and Bank of New York represent, clearly is a positive development for IDCG.
Robert Greifeld: I would say for the quarter, obviously, was a combination of alpha versus beta. But in the quarter, I would say it was more beta that drilled the bigger dollar increases. But probably more importantly to us and each of the new initiatives we have, we saw a fairly dramatic on our progress sowed and I highlighted some of them in my talk. So I won't repeat that. But responding to your question with respect to high-frequency trading. First, in the U.S. and the equity market there, we saw notable increases we just received the co-location contract from a very large U.S.-based high-frequency firm yesterday. But it hasn't driven in the meaningful way the numbers that we think it will as we get into 2011. And with respect to our derivatives operation, I understand that we have proprietary product for equity index derivatives, of which we are also the clearing enterprise, and that represents a huge upside for us with respect to the advent of high-frequency trading coming into that marketplace people. And I would say that's lagging probably three months behind our efforts on equity side. So all good get things happening there, primarily driven by beta in the quarter, but enough significant alpha developments and it makes us optimistic for the results in 2011.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I'll start with the U.S. side and our options business, clearly remarkable gaining share. Part of that share has to be attributed to pricing actions that we've taken which lowered cash, but overall, was a benefit for the organization. We also, as we've covered before, with the dividend recaptured trades, we have a lower cash rate for that. So I think the plan has gone as we foresaw it with respect to our options business, and we do appreciate the position it would gain as a result of that. With respect to the European derivatives business, we don't see any significant movement with respect to how we price the product. I would attribute more to just a quarter-to-quarter variation.
Robert Greifeld: Well, it's never as much of a buyers market as you'd like. But I would say that the market is pricing itself somewhat more realistically than what it was a year ago. So I think there's plenty of opportunity out there and certainly, something that we evaluate on a regular basis.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I would say is, I asked a report that was released the last several days is interesting, and I certainly think it represents a opportunity for exchanges and it represents the collective view of the securities regulators across the planet. So it direct you to that. So if we look at pending regulatory changes, we certainly see, I think, more opportunity than downside. With respect to obligations on market participants, we think that would be a relative positive to us as a primary market if that was to come about. And if I was to predict anything, I certainly don't think something would happen in 2011, and I think it's a very difficult road to try to properly define what responsibilities and the corresponding privileges you'll give to market participants, and to the extent the regulators wanted to get on that sort of result. It's hard, hard thing to come to conclusion on.
Robert Greifeld: No, and you have to realize the aspect the fact that the commission has a fair bit of work with respect to Dodd-Frank, and there's legislatively mandated time of certain outcomes that they have to come to. So you have that reality to deal with. The other thing I'll say on the regulatory side and ties back to your earlier question is with respect to our Nordic clearinghouse, we see in Europe a clear direction from the EU and some of it, they want clearinghouse is to have member guarantee funds. So we are working with our members today. They're being quite, I think cooperative, but you also do have the looming fact that this will become probably the rule of the land, and that clearly represents an opportunity for us to free up substantial capital, probably in 12 months.
Robert Greifeld: So importantly, a longer duration and higher value contracts. And so we processed the trade just last week, where the initial fee to us was around 17,000, and through the duration, as you probably know, there's 25,000 on top of that. Obviously, those trades have been few and far between, but the fact is that we have increased confidence from the community. And the community that we deal with right now are what I'll call the naturals. So we don't have so much the intermediaries in the space, and we certainly want them to come into the space, and that will help liquefy the market. But it's primarily the fundamental players in the market who are our customers right now.
Robert Greifeld: I would say right now, it is de minimis. We have revenue. We're happy to have revenue, and it certainly cuts down on the burn rate, but it's nothing that you need to model at this point in time.
Robert Greifeld: You'll see the orders will be episodic and lumpy, but the revenue will be quite smooth based upon U.S. GAAP.
Robert Greifeld: It's an opportunity, and we signed contracts with them recently, and I think, the credit to our team in the contracts, it was not a shock that this kind of deal would happen. So I think it represents a good opportunity for us. And clearly, these markets will want to be tied together, and we can help them do that in some fundamental way.
Robert Greifeld: Roger, before you get to that, I'd like to backup to the Singapore question, what's interesting is I happen to be in Singapore for announcement of our ability to essentially trade some of our listed stocks in the Singapore Market. And as much as I've criticized, what I call, meaningless MOUs [memorandum of understanding] between exchanges, this is getting to be a real operational connectivity between exchanges that will work. We have the clearing infrastructure in place between DTCC and the Singapore clearinghouse, and we have a number of our leading Chinese listed companies, which has a strong interest in that region to trade available to this. I think that's a great progress and certainly, indicative of the type of relationships we'd like to have with exchanges going forward.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say this. We've got an incredibly capable team running the Options business, and there's a number of innovations that they have been really anxious to bring to market. And I've mentioned something before primarily around complex orders, and we're getting close to where we have both regulatory approval, and the technical capability to do that. And I think as we launched those products, it certainly will help with the capture rate. But going back to your opening comment, our goal is certainly to maximize profitability, but it's never 100% one way or the other. So clearly, there's been a marketshare element in our actions in the last year, and we think we've achieved the right balance.
Robert Greifeld: I would say that the progress on the margins for Market Technology is reaching our level of satisfaction. I wouldn't say we're overjoyed with, but we're pleased with the progress, and it's a work in progress.
Robert Greifeld: I would just say that we're increasingly bullish on the investments that we made. We know that not everyone of them will pay off, otherwise it would be a guarantee. But clearly, there's been noticeable progress we've referenced to a number the items already during the call. But getting first dollar revenue on these new initiatives is an important milestone, and we achieved that in numerous ways in the third quarter of 2010.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think with the Singapore, Australian announcement, you see both the positive and negative. Clearly, there's some compelling commercial logic behind that transaction, but there's also a political aspect through the transaction. So I've said something preciously that I think at the end of the day, there'll be one exchange, and that's obviously not going to happen. But when you're in the transaction processing business and you can lever a fixed cost platform, that creates some compelling commercial logic. So that's the basic backdrop to our industry, it's been there forever. Since the market's in electronic and we'll always be there, but as we said, these initiatives, these acquisitions, it has to represent everything lining up in a perfect way for you to want to do them, and that's a difficult set of circumstances to forecast.
Robert Greifeld: I certainly believe from a historical context that we have studied this, and we have made reference to it during the Investor Day, we're near the bottom of the cycle, and when you recognize that living through net equity outflows, when the competition for that investment dollar, the fixed income market is basically paying zero. And in the case of tips in the last option, less than zero, you know that times will get better. So Equities at this of time are not en vogue. Clearly, when people seek higher returns, equities will, I think, regain some of its luster. And so we're living through somewhat of the bottom of the cycle and as I said in my comments, I think that makes this quarter that much more impressive for us to deliver $0.50 in a slow summer month when equities are at the bottom of the cycle.
Robert Greifeld: Well, that's an answer that shifts based upon the particular opportunity. Clearly, with SMARTS, we saw a clear return higher than the share buyback, and we spent the $75 million in cash there as opposed to increasing the buyback. So I think we have the right disciplines in place. And I said, with acquisitions, we now have three pillars, one, that's to accrete within 12 months. Two, it has to be strategically seated at the game. And three, it has to provide a better return than the share buyback. So it's a great way for us to operate the business, and we look at everything through that prism.
Robert Greifeld: One, in terms of -- we think NOM's best days are ahead of us. As I think I referenced in the last call at the Analyst Day, we are going to convert the NOM and Philly [Philadelphia] platform to be essentially identical and the important part there is when you look at NOM today, it has, obviously, a large membership base that are committed to the platform, but it still does not connect into the entire options marketplace. So if you make this move, then we'll be able to benefit from the fact that the Philly platform is completely connected into the options well. So we have a number of players who want to be in NOM that we're going to make it very easy for them as we go into 2011. But as you look at going back to directly to your question, as you look at the fact that we have the options trading in pennies today, it certainly makes the NOM market level that much more attractive to a larger number of players, and I think that's been the fundamental driver of our success.
Robert Greifeld: And I think it ties back to an earlier question. Our board has chosen to look at this on a continuous basis. It will be a topic at every board meeting. So we're not out there saying here's the extent of the program that we'll then decrement against. So this is what we're entirely comfortable with doing, as you're probably going to see from our past actions. So we announced the share buyback, we kind of mean it, that they will actually do it and then we'll -- the board will take it as it comes or review the set of circumstances that exist quarter by quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely. But I would put one qualifier on that. I think with respect to pricing, you'll see some preferred pricing for a filing on a group of members for a period of time, but the basic pricing model that was outlined, we feel comfortable with.
Robert Greifeld: And I think the way to think about is how we look at acquisitions. So to the extent our stock goes higher, then other uses of the cash become that much more attractive. So it's really netting different alternatives together, as opposed to saying, okay, this price is too high or too low.
Robert Greifeld: It obviously makes it harder for us to do an acquisition with our stock being lower, that's for sure. And it makes it easier for us to want to buy back shares and I think we can probably leave it at that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, you referenced the two exchanges that have signed up major long-term agreements with us. And in particular, with Genium INET, so I think those drags speak for themselves. Again, our technology is unparalleled on a global basis right now. We're not only incredibly proud of the speed and the throughput, but the application capabilities is absolutely outstanding, not with these products. And Genium was built off of the CLICK platform, and CLICK has been renowned through the industry for several decades now with the ability to configure it, the process and trade, any asset that you could think of. So you combined that with the power and the speed and the capacity of the INET messaging bus, you truly have something that's very difficult to replicate.
Robert Greifeld: I think that's a great point, and clearly, that's part of the future of the technology business to be a partner. And with our relationships with Singapore, you can see that we're taking a lead in that area.
Robert Greifeld: Two responses. One in times of the lower volatility, the rate of internalization increases, and we certainly have seen the mix decline, so that's a real-life factor. Two, our pricing actions on Monday, we certainly expect that it will help us gain share. And as I've said, its pricing actions targeted to the naturals in the marketplace, and we have a basic belief that, that has a ripple effect in terms of activity in the liquidity pool. So we're very optimistic about that.
Robert Greifeld: One, we're 100% committed to it, but that doesn't preclude other options or other partners. We certainly don't see it likely that we would sell equity to another exchange rate now, but there are other people that it could make sense to. And hopefully, as you follow us all the time, you see that we take pride in being a flexible mind, and we're open to whatever will make sense at the end of the day.
Robert Greifeld: Well, it's hard for me to speak for the regulator, and it would probably be foolish for me to try to. But I think the flash crash report showed that there are many different factors that go into our U.S. equity market structure. And clearly, higher frequency trading which were for the report was assumed to be a culprit. It came out of that report relatively unscathed. So I would say it's hard to draw at any conclusion from that except that we should take pride in the fact that we have taken steps. I call them blunt instrument steps, one with respective circuit breaker to their proposal for stub quotes. I think this active discussion about limit up, limit down, replacing circuit breakers, we support that as a better way to go. And that kind of puts in the basic controls in the market, then the longer discussion will be how do you put it to find their influence of control on the market. And as I said, those kind of discussions are competing with many other initiatives inclusive of the Dodd-Frank regulatory bill.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think they have satisfied as I said, the macro questions. When you think about a circuit breaker, you're saying, okay, if something happens in the market that we don't necessarily like, we're going to shut the market down, and so you take yourself out of that risk profile. But then the second order question, is that the best way to do it, and is that the best market structure in placed, and how do we get to a point in time where we don't have to shut the market down. From our point of view, having to shut the market down is somewhat the mission of failure. And so the more granular questions is how do you create a market structure where you don't have to hit a circuit breaker or have to hit a limit up, limit down. And that's going to be a longer route as we discuss how to get there, and a part of that discussion will be about privileges and responsibilities for certain market participants. And as we know from class markets where they were privileges that bad things can happen to markets. So it's a very nuanced discussion, and I think that it will take a period of time.
Robert Greifeld: There will be from an expense side, and that benefit is not today. But as we move the fixed income operation onto Genium INET, then we'll have another platform retirement, and that will be the FactSet platform, so we're not quite there yet. We took the a major step, but we do have to migrate the fixed-income market over to it.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we haven't put a number out there yet. And I'm not prepared to answer unless I'm looking at Adena here.
Robert Greifeld: It's always a good thing to retire a platform. We are anxious to do it, and the savings tend to be larger than you think when you find an elimination of x amount of work that is their. So it will be a positive thing. It will come sometime in 2011, but it's hard for us to put an exact number on it right now.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I mean, I'm speaking plainly. I think our expectation was for the new entrants to be productive in the marketplace would've happened sooner. So that's somewhat the bad news. The good news is they're all engaged. The pace of activity has picked up. And in a certain way we think the end state is better than we would've thought a year ago. As I mentioned previously, it was the very largest high-frequency firms, which has been testing the models against the Nordic market, or their colo equipment signed a contract for the colo just yesterday, and we hope to have them operational sometime in the first quarter. So we're making progress. It's just a little slower than we thought, but I think the open opportunity is actually larger.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say, thank you for your time today. As I've said in my prepared remarks, we're quite proud of the fact that against what we call a beta headwind, we were able to deliver alpha results to our investors, and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Adena Friedman: On the Investor Day, we did mention that we expected about $12 million to $13 million of expenses this year from SMART. We brought in SMART and we've recognized two months of revenues and expenses, and so the SMARTS' expenses were around $4.5 million for the quarter.
Adena Friedman: And I would say that, certainly, the levels that we're seeing this quarter are in terms of the growth, that is a sustainable growth, it's not a sort of short-term type of thing. But it is definitely a nice growing part of our business, and it demonstrates the balance that we're continuing to achieve between the transactions revenues and the recurring revenues in the U.S. cash business.
Adena Friedman: Sure. For the quarter, we had about $5 million and revenues coming from SMART. So core revenues for the quarter were 33.
Adena Friedman: Our plans are to introduce the default fund structure in the Nordic market. Today, we sell funds, the default funds, within the Nordic clearinghouse, and we're going out to a number of default fund in conjunction with some regulatory changes there. But we have to work with the members, and also with the regulators to implement that program. And as we mentioned that in the Analyst Day, we would expect that to be a benefit to us in late 2011, early 2012.
Adena Friedman: There's not a lot of revenue coming from Europe yet. As Bob mentioned, we are setting up firms and the Access Services revenue does include some European revenue, and we do expect that to grow as the high frequency firms do unto the European market, but it's not a substantial part of the revenues today. I would say that the revenue growth in the third quarter is sustainable, because we have essentially new services we're offering, cross-selling of other services. And remember, this also includes membership fees and other monthly fees that go along with accessing our market in addition to actual lines coming in as well. So it's just a combination of things this quarter that has resulted in that growth and we're very pleased with it.
Adena Friedman: Well, we do anticipate continue to execute the program this quarter. And as we said at the Analyst Day, we could see ourselves taking in as much as $100 million this quarter. Obviously, depending on market conditions and other things like that, and then the $150 million authorization that we received from the board, really, is to carry us into and through next year, and it is supposed to be a part of our ongoing program that works or develop around us.
Adena Friedman: First of all, the sales cycle in the Market Technology business is long. And then for us, we've had, I think, a very, very good success in essentially signing on some very large contracts in quick succession. But then you can have carriers where it takes sometime to develop the relationship and in time, further contracts. So it's going to be, as we've said before, it's kind of being lumpy that way. But obviously, the GAAP recognition of revenues smooth some of that lumpiness out overtime, and that what we're showing revenue recognition table. So the other thing I would say is the third quarter is always our quietest quarter, because of the fact that people are on vacation, people are out of the office, and you don't tend to make as many sales during this quarter, nor as many deliveries or enhancements, so it does tend to be our quietest quarter. But having said that, sales again, it's a long sales cycle, so you shouldn't expect big wins every quarter or anything like that.
Adena Friedman: On the tape revenue, Roger, first of all, there was somewhat of a decrease in the macro revenue, the overall gross revenue that we get from the tape plans. And that generally was the result of some softer demand on the retail side, which generally corresponds to the summer. But also as a general matter, data revenue is a lagging indicator. So you tend to find that we're still kind of moving our way out of some of the disruption that's occurred in the financial market. So the growth revenue came down in the quarter, and then in terms of the net revenue take, you're right that there is a little bit of a disconnect, and it's because of that code-sharing elements to the tape sharing plan, as well as depending on where you're strong in market shares, some of the tapes are richer than others. So you can -- if you have more revenue coming from richer tape, they you tend to have an elevated amount of revenue in relation to your market share and vice versa. It's more of your marketshare is coming from some of the tapes that spread the revenue out more. So it's hard to calculate. But you're right that there was a little bit of a disconnect between market share and our tape share.
Adena Friedman: And Howard, we do publish that in our Q, so you'll see that next week. But it is in double digits right now in terms of profitability.
Adena Friedman: And the reason why the tax rate came down a bit this quarter is because on our relative basis, more of our revenue is coming from outside the U.S. So our European operation was the strongest quarter and with the lower volumes in the U.S. on a relative basis, it came in higher for our overall business mix, which then brings the overall tax rate down. So that's why you have the drop in tax rate from the second quarter to the third quarter. On a going forward basis, I would say that we're looking at the tax rate of 32.5% to 33%. And it's assuming that the business mix stays relatively consistent with what we've seen in over the last few quarters.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, we update that every quarter, so we obviously feel pretty good about that number, because we just updated it. And we also -- I don't know if you got this, but the cost associated with our new initiatives came down from the prior quarters version of that slide. So we are again really managing our expenses very well against this new initiatives, and we do feel comfortable with the brains that we've got in there for the $80 million $85 million of revenues for the year. And our progress is good. I think that you recognize that some of those initiatives were launched in 2009, and they obviously have more progress against them. And others were launched in 2010, and we do hope that they bring out some revenue into 2011 and 2012.
Adena Friedman: No, there isn't actually. I think that they've converged well, and so there's not a significant difference.
Adena Friedman: Certainly, we do want to indicate that there's an ongoing element to the repurchase programs that we're introducing into 2011. And again, we'll look at market conditions. We look at all of the uses of our cash, but assuming that this is the right return for us, then we will continue to use that cash into 2011.
Adena Friedman: Well, I can say that since we started buying back shares back in March, we have achieved a very good average price. I think that average price of the buyback has been $19.95, of the 309 that we bought so far. And we do obviously look at the prices and element of making our buying decision, but we don't publish any sort of criteria around that.
Adena Friedman: Also, I'd say that in terms of the relationships we have with exchanges like Singapore Australia, as Bob mentioned, we did just sign-up long-term agreements. But also with the announcement we made with Singapore, the relationship with these exchanges goes beyond just straight technology as well. So they are looking at this increasingly as a partner like we've done with this dual listing initiative. And as they increase their importance in the global stage, they also are looking at how to partner with other global markets, and we're an obvious choice for them since we have a common technology.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think that our Market Technology group and particularly, our IT ops group continues to find ways to become more efficient. And you do see that in our expenses in terms of our ongoing expenses continue to -- we strive to bring this down, and this will obviously help that and probably later in 2011. But it won't be anything dramatic. I think it will be to a part of our efficiency program.
