Lee Shavel: Sure. The thing I would emphasize is that we first established the dividend with an analysis of our cash flow and making certain that clearly, we have the ability to support this. We also believe that the level that we initiated this at is an attractive yield and comparable to our other exchange competitors as well as the S&P 500, certainly within the range of those other players. But fundamentally, we believe that this is a level that we can support, and that we're very pleased to establish this level.
Lee Shavel: Yes, the -- you're correct. I think our -- we expect with IDCG, as we've said in the past, that, that will release approximately $75 million in addition to the Nordic clearinghouse. Now certainly, utilization of that capital, if we see opportunities to invest that internally and are generating and regenerating, what we believe, are going to be good returns on that, that will be the first priority. But in the absence of any expectation of an investment opportunity, then we would expect to utilize that for share repurchases going forward, as we've indicated in the past. Where we released capital within the business, if we don't have a good alternative use for that, then we'll be returning that to shareholders.
Lee Shavel: I think you'll see this number in the 10-Q. Our Section 31 Fees for the first quarter of 2012 were $71 million in comparison to the first quarter of 2011 of $73 million. So that disclosure will be -- will continue to be in the Q.
Lee Shavel: And I would just add one thing to that. Niamh, I know everyone naturally is focused on the dividend today, but I want to make certain that everyone understands that it's merely part of our broader capital return strategy. And that our plan to continue share repurchases as a component of that as we allocate what we think is a pretty substantial amount of our excess capital generated back to shareholders through both channels is important to understand beyond just the specific dividend.
Lee Shavel: And Rich, I would also just point out that the increase -- that the $114 million in 2012 is an increase from the prior quarter. So obviously, we're expecting continued growth in 2012.
Lee Shavel: Sure. I can't, Howard, mention specific projects, but they were clearly -- we were identifying our targeted level for 2012 that anticipated a pipeline of projects that were being presented to us internally. I think since that last call, there has been -- there've been probably 2 projects, 2 additional projects that we've reviewed that probably account for $3 million to $5 million in incremental expense. And as I've pointed out in my comments, you'll see an increase in the new initiative spending in the second quarter of $5 million to $10 million, up from the first quarter level. And that reflects both some additional projects as well as a phasing-in of projects that have previously been improved, but you simply had increasing investment requirements as we build them out here.
Lee Shavel: Bob, before we move to next question, I wanted to come back and clarify the answer that we gave to Rich Repetto regarding the backlog. Rich, the -- our previous report in the fourth quarter of '11 for the order backlog of $141 million, that includes 12 months of 2012. The drop, $214 million, is because that reflects only 9 months of the year, so it's not a full-year-to-full-year comparison. We continue to believe that the increases in the order in the backlog are positive for 2012 as we indicated.
Lee Shavel: Well first of all, the comment that we made on the expense guidance is that we are bringing our expense guidance for 2012 down, obviously driven by the expected reductions that we will achieve in 2012. And it also reflects our current expectations for the -- for where we are from a revenue standpoint, assuming that there's no change in revenues. Now obviously, to the extent that the market environment improves and revenues increase, then we do have a variable component to our expense levels that may increase. And so we're merely making the point that if the market conditions change, then we'll adjust guidance accordingly. But make no mistake, we are looking at our current cost infrastructure. We are making very specific reductions in our infrastructure to achieve these hard dollar levels of cost savings that we will -- it will certainly be difficult to move back up. But there are components in our expense structure that are more variable, specifically incentive compensation tied to our performance that will increase in an improving market environment.
Lee Shavel: At this point, our expectation is that, that will stay in Europe. Obviously, there are repatriation costs that are imposed if we bring that back to the U.S. We are, on a regular basis, able to bring some amount of capital, but our current expectations are that, that amount will remain in Europe.
Lee Shavel: We do expect that, that capital will be utilized in a variety of internal and potential acquisition projects within Europe on a small scale.
Robert Greifeld: Our board has authorized $300 million share repurchase, and it's obviously our intention to carry through on that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one with options, and we covered a little bit on the last quarter. But I think the team has executed very well. You saw some increase in share quarter-on-quarter, and we have a number of different plans in place. And I think our ability to maintain our capture rate is pretty strong.
Robert Greifeld: No, I think we have more clever ways to approach it. The other thing I would say is with respect to the ISP program in the equity world, it certainly was more successful than we anticipated in the first quarter, which has obviously some good elements to it. It certainly improved, I think, the attractiveness of our venue. But we will be tweaking the pricing on that program and some other things in May, which we are very confident will have a positive impact on our capture rate.
Robert Greifeld: No, Niamh, one is I would say that we have announced a dividend. We've thought about it for a long period of time. And when you saw the dividend program, it's easy, but you have to think about it in the context of your future. So I think it's well-thought out at the board level, at the management level. And I think the way Lee described the quarter and how we break down our cash flow in the quarter to the extent that those numbers increase as a business is successful over time. I think you could draw your rational conclusions from there. So certainly, as we achieve greater financial success, we would certainly look to the allocation of that additional capital in, I'd say, a fair way.
Robert Greifeld: No. First point, no revenue impact to us. We're certainly just doing a bottoms-up analysis of how we can become more efficient. As we've said through the years, the quest for efficiency really never ends. We're putting a little more emphasis on it now based upon our given set of circumstances. But each and every area of our expense base will be subject to greater efficiencies. So it's hard to focus on any one. I highlighted 3 or 4 in my prepared comments. But Rich, we're not going to leave a stone unturned is what I would say.
Robert Greifeld: No. I mean, 2012 is shaping up to be a very good year for Market Tech. It hit the wires today that we just signed a deal with Nigeria, and the Swiss Exchange also just went live with a new platform, so they're enjoying some strong trend lines. And I think over the long term, Rich, we certainly expect to have Market Tech continue to grow through some of our broker-based offerings, meaning basically SMARTS and FTEN and the extension of products we're going to build from those acquisitions.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. No, it's definitely not fully consummated. I think conservatively, you would see us be able to free up the capital probably early in the third quarter, in early summer.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I meant that we'll be a shareholder, and we don't have intentions obviously to sell the shares by that statement. And in my prepared comments, I talked about support for the horizontal clearing model, so we think there's opportunities to work with LCH to lever that approach into different asset classes.
Robert Greifeld: I would say the exchange business, exchange Market Technology business is relatively immune to short-term volume trends in the marketplace. You could see it at the spot level with respect to what we call CRs, customer request, because obviously that's of the moment. But we have not seen that at this point in time. And the Technology business is going very strong. As I said, the Nigerian deal, which just went public today. We have another signing that we can't announce yet, but it's coming. We have TOCOM last quarter, and then obviously, the Swiss Exchange went live. So we're doing quite well.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I mean that's, I think, a timeframe-dependent question. So we operate on the concept that all fixed costs are variable over time, so we can make some medium-range plans that can take the cost bases down quite dramatically. I think your question is in the short term, what can you do? And certainly, the number that we've put out there, the $50 million, I think is a very reasonable and achievable target for us. And I would take that as the way to look at the cost basis in the short term. To the extent the volumes were going to be 5 billion shares for a long period of time and basically a similar decline in Europe, then we can take other changes, other steps. It will just take longer to implement.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. We are very comfortable with where we are from a debt standpoint with the total leverage at 2.3x. And I would say that we're prioritizing the capital generated towards the, as we said before, the high -- where we think we can generate the highest returns. If those returns are in the business or through mergers and acquisitions, that's going to be the top priority. Secondly, in the absence of that, share repurchases would be the next alternative. And I don't think we have any defined plans to reduce our debt levels from this point. From a debt maturity standpoint, we continue to -- it will be very comfortable given that we refinanced our debt in the third and the fourth quarters with some of the changes that we've made. We don't have any significant near-term maturities. Our next significant maturity is for our convertible notes in 2013 of $89 million. Beyond that, it's really just our $400 million maturity in 2015. So we're not anticipating any near-term pressure to refinance any of those maturities.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, 2 very good questions. One, with respect to the macro view of volume, we obviously try to find the one data point, which will point the way to us. And that's obviously not available, but we do study, as I think we've covered previously, the net inflows into the loan-only funds. And certainly, that has been in a downward trend line for multiple years. And to the extent that, that reverses -- then it will have a positive impact on the overall volume. And we certainly keenly recognize that when you have natural flow in the market, that it has a dramatic ripple effect on the volume. It just is somewhat of a feeding frenzy. So we watch that very closely. And then stepping back from that, we pay attention to consumer confidence as a clear correlation between consumer confidence and inflows into the equity marketplace. So if I have to give you 2 data points, that was -- those would be them. Neither one of them are particularly positive at this point in time, and we deal with that reality. Now in terms of volume, you have short-term spikes based upon volatility, which we've seen in the last 2 years. And so that tends not to be sustainable over time. So the first 2 factors identified can give you a sustainable volume environment, the volatility tends to be episodic. We tend to enjoy those episodes so we certainly can't plan for, but hope for something like that happens somewhere in 2012. And I think it's a reasonable assumption. With respect to the increasing darkness in the market, one is it's important to recognize we think there's a proper role for dark bulls in the market. We understand that lit markets can't do everything all the time for everybody. We also understand the lit markets are the place of price formation. And to the extent that there's going to be dark trading, it should deliver some incremental value to the markets since it's not contributing to the common good of price discovery. And the 2 metrics we look towards is basically size, and price would be a proper delineation of that. So we think lit markets are good overall. We're certainly here, defenders of lit markets. And we have common cause with the other exchanges on that.
Robert Greifeld: But I do want to make clear that when we speak to the $50 million, that's a permanent reduction. That is us doing more with less of an expense base.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say that the competition has been intense for a long period of time. I think it's been intense since the day I walked in here back in 2003. And I do remember the Google bake-off was equally intense. But that being said, we've had tremendous success in the technology franchise. And our ability to have companies switch to NASDAQ in the technology space is unparalleled. So we had Texas Instruments, as I said, they're just joining the NASDAQ-100 and ADI. So Texas Instruments, I think, was $35 billion and ADI was $11 billion. So it's as intense as it has ever been. We expect it to continue to be. And with respect to pricing, as I think people know, our top rate is just $100,000. And theirs is at $500,000 so we're certainly not feeling any pricing pressure to reduce that.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. Well, I would say that BATS never really got started in the listings business and it's hard to build that franchise. And we certainly have direct experience with what BATS had to accomplish when we did the BRUT and INET acquisitions. And we had to take SuperMontage on those 2 platforms and put it together. We chose INET, and the big gap from functionality is that SuperMontage as a listing venue always had the ability to run an auction to open and close the market. And INET did not have that and our team had to build it. They obviously built it successfully and not what we've done forward from there. We are a technology-based businesses. We have to engineer our technologies as best as we can, but certainly, we're sympathetic to what BATS went through. We recognize that the business is hard, and we certainly have excelled at it. We have a wonderful team. And certainly, our experience over the last 9 years shows you how good that team is. But we're not overconfident. We recognize that when you've got to engineer and be very careful about how you release product to the marketplace.
Robert Greifeld: So as I said before, IDCG basically was around $0.01 per quarter. Use that as a round number. So after that closes, we'd have that sort of positive impact.
Robert Greifeld: And it's interesting, our last 2 acquisitions have been in Europe. NOS that we announced today and Glide earlier in the year.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, that's a great question. So when you look at the Nordic clearinghouse, this is what the last step to make it, I think, operating subject to European norms and really the norms of all clearinghouses on a global basis. And when you see what's transpiring in the derivatives world, in particular, the over-the-counter world, we have a version of that, that is transpiring in the Nordics. And now, we're ideally positioned to take advantage of that, whether that be in repos or interest rate swaps centered around our Nordic-based currencies. So I would say that's the short-term thing. We've been investing in that for the last year or so. And I think we're in a very good position to monetize that as we get to the end of 2012 going into 2013.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I'd say is when you look at our initiatives, the ones that have the greatest certainty, with respect to providing a somewhat immediate return and increased profitability is the use of additional licenses here. So we obviously have 2 very successful options markets today. And within BX, you've seen what we've done in the equity side, and that's been more of a pricing play. So I think you'll see a combination of average, both pricing and market structure in BX options. And we're highly confident it's going to have a similar success as our other use of licenses has had.
Robert Greifeld: All right, great. Thank you. The one thing I do want to say, with respect to the acquisition we announced today, it will be immediately accretive to our shareholders. As you look at the details of the acquisition, the purchase price was somewhat less than the cash on the balance sheet. So combining that with our existing energy and commodities franchise will provide a quick and substantial return to our shareholders, so we feel good about that.  And then I'll just close on the comment again that we have been on the long march to diversify these businesses while making sure we focus on our core. This has been, I think, most evidenced in this quarter. $0.61 is our fourth best performance ever, and we did that against a very low volume environment. The last time we saw a volume environment like this, we made $0.38, so clearly a testament to the team here in terms of the work they've done over the years. And that work has also resulted in tremendous cash flow generation, which Lee touched on quite well. That cash flow generation allows us to confidently announce this dividend today and also to reaffirm our commitment to the share buyback program. So NASDAQ OMX is in great financial shape, strategically positioned, and we certainly look forward to the quarters to come. So thank you.
