Robert Greifeld: It's all right. The first thing I will say is we're not commenting on any particular firm with respect to M&A activity. With respect to the question on Europe, one is, we're quite proud of our progress in the Nordics. One is we have maintained market share, well, we call it relatively high level and the team has done a great job doing that. In addition, you saw that our Norwegian market has started to gain traction where we had 6% market share in July. I mean, 6% match market share, it was so much higher if you take into account internalization. So that's up 50% as compared to the beginning of the year. So we're very comfortable with the strategy we have in the Nordics and we're certainly happy with the pace of progress in the economies in the -- in that region that we serve. So we're steady as she goes.
Robert Greifeld: I'm not sure I follow you but as you can tell, we're focused on our Nordic markets. The expansion that we're looking at is in Norway. As we said, we've grown to 6%. And in our core Nordic market, as I said, our market share is running higher than we anticipated. The numbers of members that we have, have increased 5% from year ago levels. Our colo penetration has nearly doubled from last year, so we're very happy with our operational excellence on the ground there and that's our plan.
Robert Greifeld: I'll just add a comment on that. It was a -- the system was our automatic quotation system we use for the market makers, so it's really the only time during the day that we're standing in for them. In many ways, it's more akin to a vendor function than a market operator function. So we had problems. They were clearly our problem and our problem alone. Nothing like this has happened during my 8 years here and -- as I can, so we took the extraordinary staff of making this a combination for our customers. We certainly don't think that it will recur in the next 8 years.
Robert Greifeld: And I think more precisely -- for Rich, we certainly see a delay in revenues associated with the clearing of interest rate swaps based upon the delays from the CFTC in the rule writing and finalization.
Robert Greifeld: I would say, Rich, as you well know, the world is different today than it was 4, 5 years ago. MiFID has come in, it has had its impact. There has been a redistribution of trading volume. Certainly, we were of the opinion that redistribution pre-MiFID could be centered around London and the LSE. And clearly today, the world is different. And CHIEX and that and others have been more the beneficiary of that changing environment. So yes, the world is different.
Robert Greifeld: Let me respond to your first comment. With respect to our redefinition of market beyond the Match, it is certainly fundamental to our strategy. And to me, the data point that I gave out is clearly remarkable where our revenue per trade has increased 25%. And that was in a period of time when there was abnormal pricing competition on the Match. So that strategy works. We also have said the first time very clearly that we think the market opportunity grows fourfold, from $1 billion to $4 billion. So we are focused on the $4 billion-opportunity. So we here running NASDAQ OMX know that we have to spend 98% of our time every day focused on executing our organic business strategy. We certainly recognize that acquisitions will be a part of our future, whether they're bolt-on or transformative. But they have to result from a perfect storm of opportunity. So as I've said many times before, we look at many, many different opportunities. Our corporate development group has a broad mandate, and that is to understand every single asset, of course, every single asset class on the planet, and so we have a point of view of them. And it's slow-motion in terms of when does it get into the stars being aligned. So we do what we do and what we've said in my prepared comments is with our valuation today, those type of external opportunities are that much more difficult to show incremental value above and beyond some capital return to shareholders or investments in internal growth opportunities.
Robert Greifeld: I think both. I certainly think to get at the $4 billion opportunity, there would be continued bolt-on opportunities, SMARTS and FTEN are, I think, perfect examples of those type of bolt-on opportunities.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I would say this, Roger. The answer is no. And actually, we see less aggregation now than we've seen in the past. And some of the market access rules and the banning of naked access is contributing to less aggregations. So I think it's just the normal ebb and flow of the marketplace.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I say this, Roger, I think it's probably sooner than next year. We've said that when we get our EBITDA ratio around 2.5x, it's time for us to be thinking about what to do with the capital. And if you look at the cash that we have on the balance sheet, it's getting to be quite a large number. So we'll get down to that 2.5x level sometime in the second half of this year, and it'd be time for us to think about it. The other direct answer I'll give you is with the current multiple that we have, we'll be more inclined to look at share buybacks than dividend. But again, this would be something that our board will consider as we get to that 2.5x number.
Robert Greifeld: All right. I'll try to answer this as fully as I can. What we have as a guiding principle in our Corporate Services business is that we want to provide products that make it that much easier to be a public company. So we see a clear line of demarcation between the responsibilities of a public company versus a private company. So if you look at all of the things that we've built for our customers or companies we've purchased, it's been under that broad mandate. We also then are looking to lever the relationships we have within our listing companies today. So we're trying to obviously walk the halls of our listing companies and stay within our power alley with respect to our normal conversations. So in that realm, we have done a very good job, and we see that the revenue growth has been outstanding, and we have great prospects going forward. But there clearly are still holes in our product set given the 2 mandates that they establish. So you can certainly see that within our business newswire function, there's a more fulsome product set that we think would be interesting to us and to our customers, and we focus on that and other things related to it.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, it's a fair enough question. But I would say, one is we say that exchange mergers work when you can realize benefits of scale in your transaction business. There are other businesses we're involved in, but that really drives the majority of the synergies. And so you have to look at how real and how achievable would those synergies be. And to the extent they're not that large, not that real, not that achievable, then we're certainly better off just staying where we are and continue to deliver the results like we announced today. So we look for situations where there's real synergies that we could deliver. On the revenue synergy side, that's a long path. We are now clearly gaining revenue synergies from our OMX transaction. It takes a longer period of time than expense synergies and it's more uncertain. So as we look at our models, it's hard for us to score revenue synergies at any sort of level, so we put a quite a bit -- put a large share count in any synergy numbers we come up with from the business units on the revenue side.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Well, one is, I think the message we're trying to communicate here is in our businesses, we are doing an increasingly effective job of more properly defining what market we should be in. So we spent time today talking about moving beyond the match, which has been our effort for the last 12 to 24 months and increases our target market size opportunity by fourfold. Within our Corporate Solutions business, within listings, we've been at that for about 5 years now. The revenue is now becoming meaningful, and our gross prices going forward are quite strong. And when you look at that business, we certainly want to see Corporate Services revenue gaining parity with the listing revenue in the medium term. So we have just wonderful set of opportunities there. When you look at LCH, one, it's important to recognize that we have a number of different clearinghouses through the planet, but we also recognize that it is fundamentally important to us to have horizontal clearing available to the marketplace. We have that here in the States, obviously, with DTCC and OCC and allows an organization like us that is very good at deploying cost effective, highly scalable technology -- trading technology to be a beneficiary of that. So we think it's strategically important that LCH survive and thrive in the new world, and to the extent it does, then you can certainly see an organization like us being able to lever that horizontal clearing, like we do in the States, with quite attractive trading platforms to ensure there's a competitive dynamic. So it is strategic for us that in any market we look at that horizontal clearing exists, it allows us to excel on the trading side. When there's a vertical silo, then it's hard to compete on either side. So hopefully that answers your question.
Robert Greifeld: I hear you. Well, there's limits to what I can say based on negotiations we're having, but I would say that it's widely agreed that IDCG is the best platform in the U.S. marketplace for clearing interest rate swaps. And it's obviously very clear that in LCH, they've got the large open interest and the platform in place for interest rate swaps in that market, and the combination of the 2 will be quite powerful, so we certainly recognize that. I don't think we're alone in that recognition.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. One is we're proud to say that we have trades everyday and two, I would say personally, I believe they use the Alpha Index to -- to basically invest in Apple's performance relative to the index is a pretty good opportunity, but take that investment advice from where it's coming from. So we know it's going to be a long slog. I would say that we're pleased with the progress today. We have a number of the retail firms that are preparing their marketing campaigns and their communication campaigns there, their customers, that's where we expect the initial uptake to be, but it is trading everyday but on a light basis.
Robert Greifeld: That we do. And again, I would say it fits very nicely in the theme that we're articulating during this quarterly call and something that we've been executing on, as I said, for the last 12 to 24 months. That is, we have to properly define the market that we should be competing in, and we have to ensure that, that definition of market is not just what we've done in the past. So clearly, the data business and the index business fit into that discipline very nicely. The data business is a wonderful business for us, the same as the index business. And when you look at the opportunity set, once you get out of your normal box that you compete in everyday, it's actually large and quite profitable. So the announcements you see coming from the index and the data business are all in light of that strategy, and clearly, what you mentioned is part of that.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Well, as you know in my prepared remarks, I mentioned the U.K. power market, N2EX, so that has not been a big revenue contributor. But the fact that we grew the gigawatt hours traded so dramatically quarter-on-quarter shows clearly there's progress there, so we're very pleased with that progress. PSX has turned profitable. We're certainly not pleased with the market share that we have. We recognize it's a step in the process, but the fact we're doing it profitably ahead of our plan is quite positive to us. On the PMI/Bloom Partners product, we had acquired Bloom Partners and we went to the drawing board with Tom Bloom and the team to come up with an entirely new way of finding out who's buying, selling their stock and that product is, at this point, very successful for us.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think as we work with our clearinghouse to make it a member guarantee fund and really have it be a Eurocentric clearinghouse, and today, we call it Nordic-centric, and we communicated previously as we make this transition, we'll probably free up close to $100 million of capital which will come available to us, that sitting there as a latent capability for us to leverage in our European operation, and certainly it's our intention to do that.
Robert Greifeld: I'd say the answer is yes, Niamh. We certainly will look to accelerate our debt repayment, which Lee and the team did some of this quarter. And I'll just back up for a second. What we said last year is that when we look at acquisitions, we had 2 disciplines before. One, it had to be strategically significant and two, it had accrete within a year. And we added the third, and the third was it had to have a higher return than a share buyback. And that, as we went through the share buybacks and the acquisitions last year, the third hurdle was the highest hurdle. So that hurdle's in place today, so anything we look at has to be better than a share buyback. The only thing I would add and I'll turn it over to Lee is that we had a one-time opportunity last year based upon a portion of the Dubai shares coming into the marketplace. So the amount of shares we bought back last year was obviously inflated based upon the opportunity that presented itself to us.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I think the target is first quarter of next year, and that's as I've mentioned in the previous call, our clearinghouse right now is somewhat a unique construction, and we're making it conform to the coming rules and really be in line with the rest of the European clearinghouses. Two benefits for us. One is it'll position us to work with our members to introduce new products and work with them in a way that they're very comfortable with. Two is we'll go to a member guarantee fund structure, and that will free up $100 million and our target is first quarter next year.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one is we'll look anxiously at the writings that come out. I think the current target date is October 21. It's been delayed twice before, so I actually think this is a real date. And so it's hard to respond conclusively until we see the actual document. But certainly, we're excited and we think there'll be opportunities in MiFID II.
Robert Greifeld: Fair enough. One, as I said, my personal preference is towards share buybacks when we're trading at such a low multiple, so I can't really be any more direct than that. But there are limits where share buybacks will go, and we certainly believe that we won't be trading at this depressed multiple for a long period of time. And then the dividend is something that we would obviously consider.
Robert Greifeld: Well, Brian, I would say that I ask this question to Eric every day, and he never gives me the answer I need, but it's been so hard. It's a hard question. I mean, I think on a macroeconomic basis, it's not hard to say that we need some greater certainty out of Washington. It's not helpful for investor confidence in terms of what we see transpiring here. And all our studies show that investor confidence is closely correlated with activity in the market. People have a fundamental belief in the economy when they are investing in equity, so we need to get the government and their issues out of the new cycle, and I think that will be a positive catalyst and at the end of the line, corporate performance has been stronger than is represented in the volume. So I think we just have external noise holding it back, and external could be not just U.S. governmental but obviously, noise coming from all the parts of the world, whether it be Europe or parts of Asia. So we need some sense of normalcy, and I think the volumes will come back. With respect to high-frequency trading, obviously, they do more business as there's more volatility in the market, and we have seen some increase in that in the recent weeks, and we'll see how that plays out.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think they have. I think when you meet with the high-frequency firms, the vast majority of them in the last 5 years have traded in different asset classes. On the positive side, we hope to and I think we'll see more of them get into the U.S. options marketplace, and that's been a relatively difficult transition for them. And on the positive side we also, as I've said, we have seen our colo cabinets [ph] in the Nordics double from the last year and the number of members have increased by 5%. So as higher-frequency firms look outside the borders of the different asset classes, we can certainly be a beneficiary.
Robert Greifeld: Well, on the equity side, we see a relatively stable capture environment through the balance of the year. And I would say with respect to the Amex, whatever impact was felt, has been in place now for 2 years. So that is also a relatively stable environment.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we definitely see opportunities for bolt-on acquisitions. Again, they have to basically meet our 3 disciplines. And if we do an acquisition, it has to represent a better return for our shareholders than a buyback. And we started that discipline last year. It remains in place. And as I said, with both FTEN and SMARTS, the highest hurdle was that hurdle because they were both, obviously, more strategically significant. They had relatively short-term accretion, but they had to demonstrate that they were to return -- have a higher return than the buyback. So any bolt-on acquisitions we look at will be subject to that discipline.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I would say, with respect to front and back, we don't think about it in that way. So I don't have an answer for you today. And our employee count is now also obviously inclusive of the acquisitions that we've done. And I would say it's important to recognize that we run 22 markets and 10 clearinghouses around the planet, and we're certainly quite proud of our margin of 45%. And I'd also state that we recognize that the businesses we get into that are what would be considered not traditionally exchange businesses, whether that be Corporate Solutions or Market Technology will, in fact, have a lower margin profile than is possible in the pure matching or data type exchange businesses, so we look at those 2 things differently.
Robert Greifeld: Well, on the technology business, we obviously have a lot of customers who are very happy with the previous generation technology, primarily CLICK that represents growth opportunity for us in the years to come. With respect to our internal use of our technology with the conversion of the fixed income business to Genium INET, which I mentioned in my prepared comments, we can say that the merger integration on the technology side is now complete.
Robert Greifeld: No, I don't have any further updates but as I said, our view of exchanges consolidation is not so much driven by geography, it's driven by what are the technology synergy possibilities. Revenue synergies are clearly discounted. The only thing I will add and it's probably obvious to everybody is when you contemplate exchange merge issue, you have to think, "Okay, is it politically feasible in the given regulatory and governmental structuring you have there?" So that question is probably front and center when you think of Asia.
Robert Greifeld: Well, it depends on what exchange you're talking about. We have a very strong Market Technology presence in Asia, so in certain situations, the answer would be no because they are already on the best technology on the planet, so it depends.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, good question. We certainly have lived through difficult times over the last couple of years, and our Access Services and, I think, somewhat remarkably our data business proved to be remarkably resilient. So we watch those kind of indicators very closely. So far, no sign. Everything seems positive, and our recent past would lead us to believe that we don't have too much to worry about.
Lee Shavel: Certainty. The dollar amount was a $3 million reimbursement for a -- as we were implementing a new system there, there were some minor issues with that, that resulted in some client trading loss of $3 million for which we reimbursed them so that's the nature and the amount of that issue.
Lee Shavel: Sure, Rich. As you can appreciate, estimating FX fluctuations is not an exact science. What we're doing is we're looking at the overall weakness in the dollar relative to the European currencies, anticipating some sustained impact from that. And in looking at the increase, what we're estimating is roughly kind of a 50-50 contribution from the FX on the one hand. And then I think the most of the remainder is due to increased information security costs. There may be some other potential expenses included in that, but the bulk of that remainder is the information security, higher costs that we're anticipating.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And so what that really is it's not guidance so much as we're anticipating a range of performance over the course of 2011. And so as we look at the initiatives that we have in our portfolio, that's the range of where we think revenues and expenses are coming in. We think that we have good traction on a number of them. We don't break those out individually, but that's our sense.
Lee Shavel: Yes, and what I would add to that, Niamh, is as it relates to our overall leverage levels, we do, as we've stated, have the intention of bringing our leverage levels down. However, we do think the business bears a natural amount of leverage and that we think is consistent with our current investment grade rating. We're very committed to that. We think it's important for the business, and so once we get to that 2.5 level, we're going to be focused on evaluating whether there are adequate returns on reinvesting that capital in the business in the organic opportunities that Bob has described. And if we don't believe that those returns are there, then we think the best return, particularly in this environment, is to return the capital via share repurchases or potentially down the road through dividends. So that's the way we think about it.
Lee Shavel: The first thing I'd do is separate the 2 issues. The dramatic increase in info security is directly related to the amount of attacks that we receive every minute of every day against our systems. So we clearly have to be basically at that middle level of security, and that's what we're driving towards, so nothing so much to do with the financial side, it's just that it's the wild west of people trying to make statements. And so obviously, it's in the press for a large number of companies and us, as NASDAQ, are subject to those attacks as much as anybody. And we're driving to be a that mid-level of secure environment. On the second question, within the U.S., right on or indifferent, we don't have any clearinghouses that would be declared systemically important because we really don't have any clearinghouses, so not likely to affect us. With respect to our Nordic clearinghouse, right now, we haven't spent too much time thinking about it, and we have to see the new MiFID and EMIR regulations and see how they play out, but we don't think that's something that would concern us at this point in time. And I would say that the other member guarantee fund set up for clearinghouse is definitely where the regulations are driving towards, and it's made it easier for us to have member acceptance of these changing the structure of our Nordic clearinghouse.
Lee Shavel: Well, it's interesting with our N2EX effort, it really hasn't been about regulation. It's been about the natural players in the market wanting a different market structure. And if you recollect, we were invited in. They saw our success in the Nordics and how we ran that market and what it meant to that industry. And so we were invited in, and we responded accordingly. So that's not so much a regulatory-driven opportunity. It's about now just increasing the adoption, having people be more comfortable with it. There are obviously players in the industry who don't see this as necessarily helping their business model, and they have to move along as the natural producers in the industry are insisting that this is the way the model -- the market gets structured. We had a step function quarter-on-quarter of probably 2 more of those of step functions, and we'll be in a very good position.
Lee Shavel: Sure. Well, I guess if you were to take a look at our EBITDA calculations on Page 20, that's a way to give you a fair approximation of our cash flow before interest payments. And I think as you'll see on Page 20 for the past 3 quarters, it's been ranged from $211 million to $219 million. So I think if you deduct the $35 million from that, that obviously doesn't include the actual cash, the cash expense associated with paying down the debt. I think that gets you to the number that you're looking for.
Lee Shavel: Sure. We have a $150 million operating buffer that we maintain in addition to our regulatory requirements. And so that -- anything beyond that is really excess cash flow. I think as we've disclosed, that's approximately $300 million amount of excess cash beyond our regulatory requirements and the $150 million operating buffer.
