Robert Greifeld: Thank you, Lee. And I like to say two things. One, professionally the facts speak for themselves. Our stock was at $24.24 when Lee joined here and he has been a key part of the team to get us to where we’re today. So, us and the rest of NASDAQ and the investors on this call, we’re grateful for that service. And probably more importantly I would like to speak personally for one second and I think Rich Repetto and other analysts might remember back to the [technical difficulty] days, but I first met Lee when he was representing [indiscernible] and I was representing Brut [ph], I think we were both a lot younger back then, Lee. And then certainly when I came to NASDAQ Lee was our trusted advisor and he was the architect of the plan for us to separate from the NASD and become public and start the company we’re today. And all through that time, Lee has a certain unique can-do attitude about himself and its been that spirit that’s made it very enjoyable for us to work with him and certainly his contributions to our firm are permanent, and also the personal relationships we built with him will be something we enjoy for the rest of our days. So Lee, thank you for your service and let’s give him a round of applause. With that, we will take some very nice questions, right.
Robert Greifeld: That’s a detailed question. So Adena once you start, then Lee you can cover some of the details behind those.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Well, one it’s a classical play in the transaction business where there is an expense story in that there are two platforms, they both have common heritage I have to say. But there are two platforms that now will be consolidated down to one platform. So you’ve benefits there. We certainly also think that the Canadian market has opportunity in equity trading for us to grow both share and I think the market itself has some volume upside to it from where it is today. And we also see opportunities to broaden our franchise in Canada over time. So we start as an equity play, but we certainly will take a long march to broaden that into more of a full exchange type offering.
Robert Greifeld: We also disagree with the premise that a recession is coming. We think the economy will do just quite well.
Robert Greifeld: But let me give the broad theme here. One, we identify ourselves as a technology company. We have development muscle that many if not all of our competitors cannot match. And we’re in the business of coming up with innovative product. Innovative product tends to be relatively immune to what we’re getting at with cycles, up or down. And Adena, referenced that in her comments where people are calling us up wanting to get on the delivery queue for the new product. So we certainly operate here saying, if we come up with an exciting product for our customers that they need that we’ll do well independent of a given cycle at a point in time.
Robert Greifeld: And I’d just add something briefly here, Alex, its something that we experienced, particularly in the corporate solutions products, as technology products they help us operate more efficiently and that type of leverage when a company is under pressure from an expense standpoint is very valuable. And so we think that’s part of what contributes to the resilience of that particular revenue stream.
Robert Greifeld: I would say this, we are certainly opportunistic, but that’s on a foundation of being steady, if that makes any sense to you. So we have a desire to be steady, but we’ll certainly lighten up when we think marketing additions warranted and get aggressive when it’s favorable.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. So I would say, first thing is we always judge our effectiveness first before we get to efficiency. So what that means here is we are certainly looking at non-financial metrics, and I think you got touched on a few of them. So I pay paid close attention to the number of participants that come in on a daily basis. So we were in the 20s through most of last year getting to the high 20s, now we’re getting to the high 30s of number of daily participants, that’s good. So we’re spreading through the community. We look for our progress in particular instruments. We look obviously at the overall scheme but we’re trying to focus on a couple of different instruments most notably nat gas options and to have double digit market share in that space, so we focused on that. We also look at the total number of contracts we trade. We look at the breakdown between trade reporting and central limit order book trading that’s done. And then last and probably most important is the open interest as I referred to, in my comment we had over half a million contracts of open interest which is well beyond what we thought we’d be at, at this stage of time. So increasing engagement from the community, increasing participation and we’re hitting all the metrics we need. With respect to a direct answer to your question, I think the financial metrics come to play in and around mid year going to the second half of this year, but right now we’d like to get to a higher average daily contract rate and obviously increase our market share in certain targeted products, but so far so good.
Robert Greifeld: That’s a difficult question for me to answer, directly you’d have to talk to them. But I’ll just make one comment on the topic. Certainly we think it is time for a redo of Reg NMS and I also think Reg NMS deserves some credit. In that we had a duopoly kind of situation before Reg NMS came along, and we’ve seen a dramatic decline in spreads and effective transaction cost in the market. So it served the purpose for a long period of time, but we certainly think refinement is in order. With respect to IEX our position is it’s thoughtful, it could be innovative and it’s very similar to what we had suggested to the Commission back in 2012. They told us it was not in either the letter or the spirit of Reg NMS and said we could not do it. So our position with IEX is that, you really should be after there is a rethink of Reg NMS and how do we get the new market structure in place and let innovation develop under the new set of rules and not patchwork and try to get exceptions under the existing rules that exist.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. So I would say, yes we certainly see blockchain adoption coming in public market equities, but we’ll not predict when. Certainly that will take a village to get there and to move from a legacy infrastructure that is ingrained in everybody’s infrastructure is not an easy thing to do. So we’ll be involved with those conversations and an active participant, but when you think of NASDAQ and blockchain you have to think of us being focused on what's the art of the doable, what's pragmatic and what's possible. So obviously with NASDAQ private market it’s the beginning of time, so we’re able to create the experience we wanted. We’re looking for similar type opportunities. We want to have use cases where you can deliver and get paid for and bring real value today. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we’re committed to proxy voting. In Estonia, they have a rule set that will allow us to do that. We have about three other use cases which we’ll not announce today, but a very close to being funded. And those use cases will have a common theme that they’ll be doable, we can deliver it, and deliver real value and not get wrapped up in the allure of blockchain’s technology, but focus on blockchain to enable real products that customers want to pay us for.
Robert Greifeld: I would say it’s too early to change that target. As Adena referenced, the product is new and we’re so excited that it rolled out and we’re gaining experience by the day, and in the quarters to come we’ll have a better sense of that.
Robert Greifeld: And for the record, scheme is a defining term in the U.K. and it doesn’t have the connotations it has in the U.S. just a pricing plan.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. So, I would say there’s one, the treasury market is undergoing some fundamental rethink. And the market is not just us and broker tech. There are other competitive forces in play. That being said, I think we’ve seen on the positive side some marginal increase in activity based upon the rate movement. We have seen some increased take up of eSpeed Elect where we have more participants coming on pretty much every week or so. So, that’s on the good side. But I think on a relative basis, even though there are competitors, I think relative to broker tech we’re still share challenged and have -- obviously our efforts have to become more effective in that regard, and we are working hard at it.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think we feel incredibly comfortable. One, you have to realize that when you go public it’s an event to raise your profile, I mean, you want to get publicity associated with it, and the companies want publicity associated with a brand that they know and like. So, there is a very large brand barrier to the IPO pipeline. And obviously we’ve seen others try to build an IPO franchise with very limited success in the past. But, in addition, I think under Adena’s leadership we’ve done a lot to actually put hard products into our listing. So when you think about our corporate solutions product, which we talked about today, and talked about on the last question, that’s a whole range of services that we uniquely can offer, and that is a large barrier to entry. When you think about the technology we bring to bear on the IPO across at this point in time, again a big barrier to entry. So it’s our job to always be paranoid, but with respect to the different businesses we have, the IPO business has a large and I think protectable mode [ph].
Robert Greifeld: Thank you. I thank you, everybody for your time today. Certainly it was another record quarter based on a record year. We are executing very well across our different businesses. And as I said in my prepared comments, I judge our businesses on how we are stacking up relative to the competition, and how we’re doing relative to serving our customer needs. These measures can be different than financial measures and they’re over time the more important measures. And I’m happy to report to our investors that across the vast majority of our businesses, we’re more competitive than we were a year-ago. And we are serving our customer needs better than we’ve been in any time in the past, and that will certainly portend well for financial results going forward. So I look forward to getting back with you again in the quarter and taking your calls and meetings during the quarter. And again, Lee, thank you for your personal relationship with us and your professionalism. So, thank you.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So, I think the first thing to recognize, Rick, as you know, is that the technology solutions business has some seasonality to it. So the fourth quarter is always has been and probably will always be the strongest quarter in the year. In the quarter, we did have very strong revenue from our change requests and our technology services business, as well as some new license sales and continued growth in SMART. And now on the corporate solutions side, we continue to have very good cost discipline and we had nice sales as well as people using our services in the fourth quarter where we can recognize revenues. So we definitely did have a strong underlying quarter. But on a full-year basis, you can see that we believe that our margins for that business in 2015 were 16% and we continue to make progress against that the 20% goal for full-year margin. But we still have some work to do and as we go into 2016, we see a few things of particular strength. Number one, we still have not yet recognized revenue from the Borsa Istanbul contract. So that will start to -- we will start to be able to recognize that as we continue to deliver on that contract. We also have continued growth in SMARTS, which will continue to drive on both top line revenue and margin expansion. And then in corporate solutions, the IR Insight rollout have just begun. We launched it two weeks ago. We already have about a 100 clients using the new product. We’ve clients calling us, asking us when they can get it migrated or rolled out. And we’ve a very full schedule in the months to come as we continue to roll out that new service. So we feel very good going into 2016 around the progress there. But we still have work to do to get to that full-year 20% margin goal.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Mike, in terms of looking at ’16 and ’17, I think the fact that we do feel some momentum both in sales and retention coming out of 2015 is a good indicator, so I look at it as the leading indicators into the forward quarters. And also the fact that we have been making investments not only in our IR Insight platform, but also in our PR platforms. So we continue to find opportunities for us to generate more sales opportunities for clients in both of those areas. The other, I think advancement we’re going to make as we go through ’16 and certainly into ’17 is starting to integrate our platforms together, in terms of capabilities to our clients. The IR Insight architecture is very flexible and allows us to basically share content across products and start to create more of an integrated experience for our clients. So we do think that, that will continue to drive demand for the services and also the potential for us to up-sell our clients and offering new content and services. So this is the start of, I see it as positive momentum in the business and in terms of having a really flexible and exciting new architecture as well as new capabilities to our customers. So that’s how I would look at 2016 and ’17, Mike.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, generally the pricing for an index is contractual. And so when you establish the index ETF, with an ETF provider, you establish what the fee -- what fee the index provider is going to get from that product and that’s generally contractual over several years. So we don’t really have the ability to kind of fluctuate pricing year-over-year, and therefore there is a fair amount of beta that does start to occur once you launch an ETF in terms of the AUM growth, and sometimes some declines based on market performance. Generally speaking what we look at is, obviously we look at AUM, but we also look at TSO which is the total shares outstanding and that’s more an indication or core indication of the demand for the products from investors. So right now we’re seeing our TSO is holding steady as we’ve been dealing with the volatility in the markets. And so for us that means the underlying demand for the products is strong, and its just a matter of riding through some of these beta wins that come when we have market volatility. But the pricing, it tends to be fixed upon launching the product, Mike.
Adena Friedman: No, I think that we -- I think one of the great things about the NASDAQ portfolio of services is that, they -- we have resiliency built into the model. So, we do have the strength of volumes that can come in during volatile times, but of course there’s some little offset in terms of capital raising activity and the fact that we -- probably we will see a slower start to the year, for instance in IPOs. But, so we have kind of these nice resiliency measures in terms of looking at volatility. In terms of our prolonged recession and some of the new businesses, I think that in a prolonged recession we do work with our corporate solutions clients to makes sure we retail them and we may end up having some shorter term discussions with them on pricing, but then longer term we maintain them and they become very, very loyal clients to us. And then on the side of the market technology businesses or long-term contracts, generally fixed price, and we find that that is very resilient through all economic cycles.
Adena Friedman: I also would point out, Alex we have almost 10,000 corporate clients worldwide. So it’s a very global business, and so every different sector that we represent it goes through cycles. But the fact of the matter is, it’s an incredibly broad base of clients and there are always clients who are growing, always. And so I think that, I think that we find that with a really great product set and a great set of capabilities, coupled with our team of experts in the advisory business and the ability for us to truly partner with them, we find that we do quite well across the business and we feel very good about it. I think that with market tech, I think that it’s again a partnership -- it’s a partnership construct honestly with all of our clients, and they continue to have needs to manage their volumes and to deal with new regulatory changes and to deal with new opportunities in their markets. And for those reasons we continue to do quite well in having very strong conversations with our clients.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Thanks for the question. So the first thing I would say is SMARTS has really three different markets that we’re trying to serve at this point. We have the exchanges which was the original business for SMARTS, and it’s the longest standing business. It’s a deployed solution out to the clients. We have been selling to exchanges for many years as well as to regulators. I should say exchanges and regulators. And that continues as you can tell to grow in terms of new exchanges taking our solution like Nigerian stock exchange most recently. But that’s a longer sales cycle, obviously there’s a finite number of exchanges, but we continue to find real success there, and that’s a more mature part of our business. The broker dealer community is the second community that we’ve sold to and that’s a newer part of our business, but definitely the fastest growing. We actually surpassed 1000 users this year and we were just thrilled with that. We, in fact, send him a small gift. And then [indiscernible] client. And I think that its really exciting to see continued double digit growth in that part of the business as we continue to find striking demand for trade surveillance solutions across the broker dealer community. In the year, over the last two years we have made it so it’s multi-asset class and it’s every geography. So it really can serve any and all trading firms in the world. The third community is the buy side community. And for the first time this year we do have three buy side clients who have signed up for the service and we’ve chosen to invest through our R&D program to build out more fulsome buy side solution for the trade surveillance. So buy side firms, both hedge funds and traditionals are really becoming much more sophisticated in their trading operations and they realize now that they need sophisticated tools to couple with the sophistication of their trading strategy. So we believe that that will be a new area to increased demand for us for the SMARTS service. We also were looking at how we can integrate more machine intelligence into the solution and we have been discussing how to integrate even more intelligence to make it more useful across the platform in terms of compliance and trade supervision. So that’s a quick synopsis of the SMARTS business, but it really is a great business for us.
Adena Friedman: While Lee looks at the exact impact, I’ll answer the second part of the question. So as we work with a very broad set of clients, that we’ve over 70 market places around the world that will leverage our technology. They have things that they want to do to enhance that technology over time. And so it maybe a new feature, a new product or asset class that they want to bring into their market place and maybe speed that they want to continue to enhance their speed or they enhance their volumes, and then maybe regulatory changes that they have to make to be able to manage through the regulatory environment that they’re facing. And in all of those cases, that would be a change to the original scope of what we built for them and therefore they come to us and they ask us to size out and work through enhancements and change requests associated with the technology. In general, I always think of it as, in general, somewhere in the range of a $20 million annual revenue stream to us, but it can fluctuate year-over-year. And so I’m going to, I will turn it over to Lee to answer the specific question.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So, in the information services business, as you know, we operate two sub-businesses, the index business and the data products business. And we look at product development across both of those areas. So clearly in the index space we worked very closely with ETF partners to launch new products that they believe will have investor demand around thematic indexes and we can do that now with the AlphaDEX index family, with First Trust, we can do that with our dividend achievers index family, our buyback index family and Dorsey Wright index family. And so we have a broad range of strategies that we can deploy through new products and we do that on a regular basis. With regard to data products, we have been -- we do a lot of work with our clients to look at new ways that we can either present our data, provide new technologies around our data like FPGA technology to deliver some of the data that we already have, and then we have been working closely with clients to start to get their demand and their interest in some new data analytics and again the use of machine intelligence to help fuel some of those products. But it’s early days and we’re still in the research phase for that.
Adena Friedman: We basically are continuing to work towards a full solution offering that will continue to allow -- it will, actually will turn on the GAAP reporting of the contract. We are not giving any sort of estimates right now on time and we are working with the client. So I can’t give you a direct answer to that question at this point, because we continue to work through the development and the acceptance by the client. But as we get closer, we will certainly make sure that you stay informed.
Adena Friedman: Okay, yes. So to just to clarify for everyone, the way that the question really relates to IPOs that we have come on to NASDAQ, and we basically for the period or switches, and for a multi-year period they’re able to take the services for free, and then we turn them into paying clients as they choose to -- to continue to take those services over time. And with those, we have had a strong IPO environment in 2014 and 2015. But if you really look at it, the clients who are rolling off are clients that went public in 2012 and 2013, and we do have strong success in converting them into paying clients. But I think that, we also have these two years where we are offering a fair amount of free services to a lot of new clients. And therefore, the way that we manage that internally is that the listing business does pay the corporate solutions business some piece of that costs to be able to offer those out to their clients. So, really, those free clients are being partially paid for by listings, and that’s reflected in our segment results.
Lee Shavel: And so Rich, first of all thanks for your comment. I don’t really have anything to add to Adena’s comment on the margin. You did ask a question about audit revenue in the period, which relates not to technology solutions, but to the information services business. As we’ve typically disclosed, the audit revenue in the fourth quarter was $1.6 million and that compares to a year-ago where we had a reversal of about $300,000 of audit revenue. So there -- they contributed on a year-over-year basis as you know that audit revenue can be volatile quarter to -- what quarter-to-quarter or so that will give you some basis for comparison. And then on the technology solutions margin, as Adena indicated, I think we’re excited about two things. One, with the IR Insight launch, that clearly enables us to reach the final phase for us in limiting some of the expenses. You’re seeing some of the impact of the investment that we’ve made in the IR Insight platform in our depreciation and amortization. But to the upside will also be driven by success and revenue growth and as I indicted in the comments the net subscription sales and overall new sales of products in the corporate solution sector as a leading indicator and has been very positive and gives us confidence about making that continued progress against the goal in 2016.
Lee Shavel: Alex, it’s really both. I think that, what we see -- we see margin upside both from continued elimination of some redundant expenses as well as revenue growth in the business as a whole with higher margin. So we’ll take it any which way we can, but I think both will be contributors here.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So, Vincent the change request variance from the prior year was on a year-over-year basis the increase in change request was $5 million. So that gives you some context now. Also keep in mind that that’s on a -- that’s a reported basis and so a portion of that revenue is going to be subject to the FX impact that we have. So I’d estimate it’s probably proportionately and probably the $3 million to $4 million of an organic impact relative to market technology revenue as a whole.
