Adena Friedman: Thank you, Ann. And before we turn to Q&A, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge Ann Dennison. After eight years at Nasdaq, Ann will be stepping down from her role as CFO at the end of this year. Ann has been a guiding voice to the market on our financial performance, a leader in enhancing our Investor Relations and ESG reporting efforts, and as steward to our company's transformation, most recently, through our announced acquisition of Adenza. In conjunction with Ann's upcoming departure from Nasdaq, we're pleased to welcome Sarah Youngwood as our next EVP and CFO. Sarah will join us from UBS Group, where she served as CFO and a Group Executive Board member. Sarah will officially join us on December 1, and will work closely with Ann and the team to ensure a seamless transition. I want to thank Ann personally for her many contributions to Nasdaq. She has been a phenomenal partner to me and the company, and we wish her the very best. And now, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Great. Thank you. Well, we don't provide or break out the financial, the revenue differences between Axiom and Calypso. But we do provide -- I can give you some color in that, when we're looking at new bookings for the year, we had -- as I mentioned, we had 17 new clients so far in 2020 or I should say they have 17 new clients so far in 2023 and three cross-sells. And when we break that out between Calypso and Axiom, so Calypso had nine new clients sign up and one cross-sell; and Axiom had eight new clients sign up and two cross-sells. And then in terms of the upsells, 95 total and it's really a good even split, 55% upsells in Calypso and 40 in Axiom. So it's really a nice split of revenue growth and opportunity across both of these solutions. When we think about why that is the case, I think that there are a range of reasons, just trends out in the marketplace that are driving demand for both risk management solutions, more advanced risk management solutions for -- across all asset classes, as well as better regulatory reporting solutions. And obviously, those are the two great things that Calypso and Axiom do. And when we think about that acceleration of new sales because they had seven new sales -- new clients sign up last year versus 17 this year, we're definitely seeing a momentum in terms of the regulatory obligations that are coming into the United States as well as the Basel III end game that's really coming across both the U.S. and Europe driving certain demand, but then also moving down market. I mean I think Axiom did a really nice job of bringing in even more banks and brokers into their solutions. So generally, it's just -- we're very pleased with the continued momentum in the business. When it comes to cloud, it's really interesting to see. As I mentioned, the 55% of total bookings were for cloud -- I'm sorry, new bookings were for cloud delivery solutions versus 27%, I think it was last year. And that's really, I think, a combination of two things. One is the fact that banks are more ready to accept cloud delivered solutions. And so that's been a real -- we've seen that across all of our solutions across Nasdaq. They're just more ready to have cloud be a big part of their infrastructure. And they're trying to -- some banks are purposely trying to move out their data centers. I think that the second is that the cloud based delivery solutions are modern. They're modular, they're more flexible. And I think that the team has done a really nice job of selling the benefits of that and you're right in terms of the revenue opportunity. There is a revenue uplift when we are able to sell a cloud module because we become a managed service provider and that takes away costs from on their side for managing an on-prem solution. So we are able to upcharge from that. We haven't discussed what that means in terms of revenue uplift. But -- so one thing just to recognize also is that from a GAAP perspective, cloud revenue is recognized ratably over the life of the contract, whereas the on-prem revenue, there's more revenue recognized upfront. So this will create more stability in revenue going forward as well.
Adena Friedman: I would say that every bank is facing more and more challenges of fraud and AML. So the fraud side is just a pure -- it's a very easy return on investment calculus because they are losing money to fraud and they have to -- and when they make their clients good on something that's happened in their accounts. So it's a really nice clear return on invested capital when they come in and leverage our solutions. Additionally, it is a cloud-based solution. So they're having to make less of an upfront investment from an infrastructure perspective. And so it's a cleaner kind of, frankly, commitment to us. And then lastly is, we do a really good job of onboarding clients. And so particularly small to medium banks, we have an amazing machine to onboard those clients and bring them up into the system very quickly. For the large scale banks, we're working really well with them to integrate or implement and integrate these solutions. And as you can see, we did have that one expansion contract with the client that just signed OFS (ph) in the beginning of the year. So they took our solution. We've been able to implement it and immediately sort of realizing that they wanted more capabilities from us with the complex investigations. So we see really good opportunity to expand. In the AML side, it's a matter of just a lot of regulatory pressure and frankly, the banks really having a true interest in just making sure they do not have that type of money laundering going through their systems. And so again, it's an increasing threat. It's become more complex. Our systems are more advanced than many others. We use a lot of AI in the algorithms to root out criminals. We're able to show much -- many fewer false positives and more activity found than our competitors, and it's just driving a lot of good conversations and demand. So we're -- I really do think -- also the last thing I would say is, when I go to these conferences and I have gone to meetings with small banks, and I have had banks come up to me and say Verafin is by far their favorite partner. They just -- they find that we're a really good partner, and they use that word as opposed to vendor. And I think that that's really a testament to the great service that the Verafin team provides to the clients.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. So we don't, as you know, provide anything specific to a year. But our medium-term outlook of low to mid-teens revenue growth across the Adenza business, and that would be ARR plus the customer delivery revenue. We continue to have confidence in our ability to achieve that once Adenza becomes part of Nasdaq. I think, as I mentioned, there continues to be a really nice strong demand generally for the solutions. And then also, I think that they've really been able to show the ability to upsell the clients. So the fact they're signing more new clients this year than last year just gives us more upsell capability over time. And the environment is -- these are kind of need to have solutions from banks. I think that, particularly as we're managing through an increasingly complex regulatory environment, there’s more risk in the system than there has been in the past, pretty risk and other things that – and also across currents across asset classes, they really are driving demand for the solution. So over the medium-term outlook, our medium-term outlook remains the same at that low to mid-teens overall revenue growth.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yeah. So I think that there is a difference between what Google is doing and what we're doing. So Google is partnering with a specific bank and providing AI algorithms to support that internal bank's -- essentially think of it as like an internal build but leveraging Google's infrastructure. So the bank is bringing to that relationship very specific algorithms and patterns of that they're looking for, what we call agents. And so that really is kind of what I would say, more of a facilitated on -- a facilitated bespoke build, but with the Google -- underpinning the Google infrastructure and you're right, in the benefit of their AI capabilities. What we do is a purpose built complete software solution that is purpose built for the needs of fraud and AML detection, investigation and reporting. And so we provide an end-to-end solution. The fact that we have transaction data across 2,500 banks, and we also -- we are a cloud-based solutions. So we're able to bring all of that transaction data together. And we leverage AWS. So AWS is our cloud provider. We're leveraging their AI capabilities and their AI engines, including the bedrock solution that we're using for the Gen AI capabilities that we're adding. I think that it allows us to benefit from another great large technology company. But we have built a purpose built solution that is scaled across 2,500 banks. And so it makes it to the bank doesn't have to do their own bespoke build. We are benefiting from the knowledge across all of these banks and the experience in what they're seeing to continue to tune our engines and to build out the solutions. And the last thing I would say is, we do weekly releases. And so we're always staying on touch with the banks as to what they're seeing and bringing those agents into the system that then benefits all of our clients, not just one client. So we're really -- we do think it's a different -- it's certainly a different sale than it would be to look at -- as compared to what Google is doing with that one bank. The last thing I would say is, we are winning share and we're winning in terms of taking out internal builds because of the benefit of the consortium data that we have and the really nice workflow solution and we're also taking out competitors. So we're really pleased with the momentum.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. Actually, we do. We connect with FedNow. We connect with the clearing house. So we are rolling out a real-time payment solution. And we've been in contact with the Fed in the context of their rollout. We've been working with the big banks, the core banking system providers because they also -- they provide core infrastructure to the banks to be able to integrate FedNow and other real-time payment solution. So we've been working with them to make sure we're integrated into their solutions and make it easy for the banks to onboard us for fraud detection. So it's definitely -- that is actually a specific growth area that we're engaged with our SMB banks, our small to medium banks on as we speak.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. It's a great question, Craig. It has impacted it. So I think I would say what -- how would you characterize '22 and '23? It's been -- we're coming off of a very significant environment in, what I would call a free money environment, coming into an environment that with rising interest rates, which creates unpredictability of the future, an economy that seems to have a lot of resilience, but is still slowing down and a lot of unpredictability that investors are struggling with, because at the end of the day, they have to underwrite the future earnings of a company, and if they can't understand the overall economic environment it's hard to underwrite that risk. So I would say '23 started with a pretty deep frost (ph). We started to see some light green shoots, as Nelson, likes to say, as we went through the spring or as the interest rate environment became a little bit more known. But the fact is that it kind of fits and starts. So we'll have a window open and we obviously had some really interesting companies come out in September. And then you're starting to see the macro environment change again, the geopolitical environment become much more unstable. And that, of course, is making investors pause again on understanding how to take that risk. So we do actually have a really good pipeline of companies. We're really, really proud of the team. I mean, our team is just awesome. And so they're really working hard to work with clients. But the majority of the conversations we're having with clients, not all of them, but the majority are about the first half of next year much more so than the second -- than the fourth quarter of this year.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. Again, a good question to understand kind of the dynamics in the listings business. So I don't know the exact percentage of revenue that's coming from new listings. Because just to remind everyone, we have our annual listing fees and then we have our initial listing fees. Our initial listing fees are amortized over a two to four-year period -- two to six-year period, I think, depending on the type of listing it is, and how big it is. So you're right that there is some initial listing revenue that's rolling off in -- from the 2021 listings, not all, but some as that amortization flows through, and that will come off in '24. The answer is around 10% of our overall listing revenues, so -- which is and the listing revenue is somewhere in the range of...
Adena Friedman: Yeah, $300 million. So it's -- that revenue will have some fluctuation as you go into 2024. And so you've got to look at the combination of the new listings and as well as from an annual listing fee revenue perspective, the de-listings that we're experiencing, we do provide you that data every quarter, as we think about what the billing cycle is going to look like in January for the annual fees. So those are the big factors to consider in '24.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Hey, Owen. Well, I mean, we don't give specific guidance or specific outlook quarter-by-quarter or year-over-year. But I think that you're right that we're really pleased to see the Solutions Businesses revenue growth really returning into the medium-term outlook that we're -- we have been communicating to you all for a while now. And I think, Owen, if we have a healthy IPO environment, and that really starts to -- that engine starts to turn on again in '24, I think that you'll see the primary benefit of that will actually start to happen in '25 just because it then outflows into our annual listing fees. But beyond that, if we have a stable and healthy trading environment, listing environment, that then obviously drives really good index flows, it drives data demand. And it also probably loosens up and makes it so that corporates and investors are more ready to invest in their new solutions that help automate a lot of the manual processes they have. So it could -- that could continue to unlock more interest, and frankly, easier sales decisions in that space. When it comes to Market Tech and Anti-Fin Crime though, those are really good solid demand businesses where exchanges are very, very focused on bringing their technology into the future, and we now have -- I think we've done a nice job of really getting to a state of maturity across our CSD solution, our next-gen clearing solution, our next-gen trading solution, so -- and our risk management solutions there. So we feel like that demand driver is more stable generally. And then anti-fin crime is just -- as you know, it's a need to have technology, and we do think we have the best technology available. So that demand, we just feel like is much -- is very structural. So I can't say, Owen, exactly what that means for Solutions Business growth. But having a healthy -- general healthy market environment certainly helps create even more opportunity for us.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. I actually do think that there are more gates that are -- all of the larger institutions have a lot of gates to walk through. And I think that our Anti-Fin Crime business, we're marching through these gates, but the gates -- there are many gates, and we have great experience in the past especially with our Surveillance business, to kind of understand that. But with Adenza, there are more gates that they're walking through to get to a sale, particularly with the larger institutions, except when there's a regulatory demand. And that's what we're really interesting. I mean, we've had some really interesting super regionals sign up for Axiom like within three months or four months, that's been some really shorter -- some really short sales cycles when there's a regulatory demand. But if there isn't really a near-term or immediate regulatory demand, the sales cycle is a little bit longer. I think they actually experienced longer sales cycles in '22 than they're experiencing in '23. But generally speaking, they -- I think that if we had a really healthy macro environment around us and more predictability of the macro environment, it would certainly be advantageous to Adenza over time.
Adena Friedman: Great. Well, generally, we do see the -- I think it's somewhere in the range like 40% of bookings occurs in the fourth quarter for our Anti-Financial Crime business and we would say that, that's generally what we're seeing. And so we -- now the difference, though is that if we, when we do upsell to the largest banks, there's a little bit of that's not necessarily seasonal, and we don't have as much experience there. So we're not seeing -- that's not something that every single fourth quarter, we're going to see something different. But certainly with the small and medium banks, which is the core business of the anti-fin crime business so far, the fourth quarter is a big sales quarter. And that's actually the case for Adenza as well, kind of 40% to 45% of bookings tend to come in the fourth quarter. In terms of just the general growth characteristics of the anti-fin crime business, we're very pleased with the progress. We continue to see good opportunity to continue to grow in that 18% to 23% growth rate that we've been experiencing.
Adena Friedman: I think that on the four proposals that the SEC has proposed, I would expect that we'll see something come out to be -- to start to get implemented as we go through 2024. We don't know what that's going to look like yet. I think they've had a lot of comments on the proposals. And I think that in general, the two that seem very -- that feel a little bit more certain are the tick sizes and the 605. Those two proposals feel quite certain. I think that on the best decks and the order competition rule, those are ones that have engendered a lot more debate within the industry. So we don’t know exactly how that’s going to turn out.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thanks. Well, I can say that Tal and the entire team has been extremely focused on building out a very robust integration plan. We've been engaged with the Adenza team now for several months, and we're having regular engagement with them to develop those plans and make sure that we feel really good about how we're going to kick off the integration on day one. And we built a lot more granularity to the plan and we still obviously don't own them. So once we own them and we're able to meet more people and really understand the operations, we'll be able to flesh that out into a great amount of detail. But we're extremely committed to achieving the integration, our expectations that we delivered to you all at the announcement. We also definitely see benefit in the cloud infrastructure that we have. That's actually part of our integration. We have not done a lot of detailed work yet on that because we don't own them. We have a lot of, in my opinion, proprietary IP when it comes to our cloud capabilities and our cloud team. So we want to make sure that we own them before we go into really, really deep dives on the technical infrastructure. But our relationship with AWS, we think will be a benefit. I think the expertise that we have in creating very efficient cloud infrastructure, particularly from a data ingress/egress (ph) perspective, I think it's going to be very helpful. And so we look forward to really working with them to continue to develop this cloud capabilities. I have a great view of -- in five years, like how do we want these services to be delivered, how much do we want to have a single-tenant, multi-tenant capabilities, what kind of overall or overarching environment do we want to create for our clients so they see us as a strategic partner across risk management, reg tech, anti-fin crime, capital markets? There's a lot that we can do there, but we have to get in there, we have to own them. We have to kind of get really engage with them so that we can give you a better answer to that in the coming months and quarters.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think one of the things we've always said is that we like to make sure that we have a good balance between share and capture. And one of the things we've been focused on is, what is our share of available liquidity? And Ann mentioned before, we've been able to manage to a pretty stable share of available liquidity and what do we mean by that? In times when volatility goes down, there tends to be more trading that occurs off exchange. So the off-exchange trading percentage tends to go up. So then we look at it and say, well, what can we actually achieve and bring into the exchange and how are we competing with other exchanges? And there, we look at what we call available liquidity. And I think we've maintained a pretty stable share of about 30%. And then within that, we then said, hey, what kind of volumes are we trying to attract into our solution? We want to attract volumes that are additive to overall volumes in the platform. So one, certain orders that come into the market feed other orders, and we're going to work hard to get those orders in. The other thing is we provide a lot of really interesting, as we mentioned, specialized order types that also allow us to charge different rates for these services because they're specialized execution capabilities, and that allows us to have a higher capture. But the one thing we don't do is just chase share that just is fleeting, that if you chase that share, you can really have a significant negative impact on capture, and frankly, not get share that's additive to the NBBO (ph) not get share that brings other on their volume in. So we're very, very intentional about that, and that's why you're seeing some capture go up because more of the volumes moving towards our specialized capabilities, and we're not doing what others of our competitors are doing in terms of chasing fleeting share.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thank you. Well, we are excited to continue to update all of you in the coming quarters as we approach the closing of the Adenza transaction and we continue to advance along our journey to become the trusted fabric of the world's financial system. And so thank you very much, and have a great day. Thank you.
