Lee Shavel: Yeah. So Rich, on the expense guidance, I don't have a precise breakdown for you in terms of the, on the guidance, what is FX and then what is operational. I think it's something we can provide supplementary to you. On the Corporate Solutions element, I don't think that the re-categorization had any significant impact on the overall margins. So I'm a little – just a little puzzled in terms of what you're seeing on that front, but we can maybe understand that a little more clearly.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. And you know what Rich, I think that what it represents – that difference represents the shift from including in the last quarter the amortization of acquisition intangibles, whereas in this quarter we're now excluding that for our non-GAAP purposes. Our prior year quarter as reflected in these numbers will also reflect that adjustment. I think that's what the difference is not any shift in the business.
Lee Shavel: So let me just address that quickly. So as we described in the restructuring program, we have identified $17 million to $19 million of cost savings in my earlier remarks associated with the restructuring. I think there have been some incremental savings that we have been able to achieve outside of that restructuring amount, but also I would say roughly in the $20 million category relates to expense savings, and then we have the balance of that difference will reflect the change in FX over that period.
Lee Shavel: And then on the third part, on the Technology Solutions margin, what we have said is that, we do expect to achieve year-over-year improvements on that margin as we successfully integrate the Thomson Reuters integration, reduce the number of platforms. And we have a long-term objective of getting the profitability of that business to 20% or higher, but we have not set a specific timeline. I think we'd like to make certain that we've completed the integration and have a clear review on the success of that before we consider any more precise guidance on timing.
Lee Shavel: Sure. So, Chris. A couple of answers there. First, the motivation for the restructuring charges. We are always looking at opportunities to improve our cost structure. I think, in particular, given some of the FX headwinds, we felt a higher obligation to take a close look across the businesses and we didn't rule anything out. We really challenged the businesses to find a variety of ways to reduce our costs. As I mentioned, certainly the head count reductions reflect in part permanent reductions, but also the acceleration of an initiative that we've had to look to move certain jobs in operations both market and accounting to lower cost areas, where we see a significant opportunity. So that represents a significant part of the restructuring charge as well as rationalization of some of our global real estate. Through acquisitions, we've acquired a number of facilities, and we've been in the process of consolidating those and have taken some steps to improve efficiencies on that front. So I would just describe it as part of our overall discipline here.
Lee Shavel: Oh! Yeah. Well, not specifically and there's no specific restructuring charge associated with FX. Simply the change in our expense guidance reflects an expectation of a stronger dollar which reduces our overall expenses. I talked about the breakdown of that change where approximately $20 million of it is related to cost saves, the balance due to FX. And in terms of hedging, we do hedge our revenues when we recognize them, when we recognize, when we book the receivables so that we're not exposed to FX exposure on that front, but given the uncertain nature of many of our revenues, particularly on the transactional side or in the market technology business, which involves large contracts in uncertain timing, it's not, from our view, economically attractive for us to attempt to hedge those and we expect those exposures even out over time.
Lee Shavel: And Ashley, on the leverage question, as I noted, our total debt or gross debt-to-EBITDA is 2.3 times, and that – that reflects at one level a benefit from the stronger dollar having an impact on our euro-denominated debt, but offset by – what I would describe as a temporary increase in debt as we were financing the Dorsey, Wright acquisition through our revolver. But we would – we expect for that dent to be paid down over the balance of the year, and we would generally continue to target that number in the low 2s as our leverage – normal leverage level.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah, so that was definitely the movement of TradeGuard and I would – I'm just guessing, but assuming that TradeGuard did dilute the existing margin.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. Well, one is we don't have any final conclusions. It's a pilot limited to a number of stocks and we need to gather more data. But certainly, the data we have here today reveals what we would have guessed. It's a lot easier for those who provide liquidity to stop doing it than others who are accessing liquidity to change their routing table. So we're still working on that problem set. To the extent the results stay very similar, then I think you could reasonably conclude that we wouldn't see a pressing reason to reduce the access fee.
Robert Greifeld: All right. Great question. So one, we certainly agree with you that we are seeing really very strong momentum in the Listing business, both here and in Europe, and we're also seeing very strong momentum in NASDAQ Private Markets, which is particularly encouraging. With respect to Corporate Solutions, I would definitely say it's not the time to focus on a given quarter. This year is clearly a year of transition. We are working very hard, and I think quite successfully in coming forward with a number of different products. We mentioned next-gen in particular, but really as I said in my prepared comments across the wide range of products we have there is a significant amount of refresh going on. So we're pleased with the progress we have to-date. We're pleased with kind of the roadmap we have for 2015, but certainly expect to see an acceleration as these new products come on-stream.
Robert Greifeld: So with the first part of your question, we can definitely give you the breakdown, we just don't have it at our fingertips today.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. And the second part of your question, I definitely want to make it very clear that we look at this operation on a continuous basis, and we always focused on how can we run this business more efficiently and more effectively. And the answer you get in one year is always different than the answer you might get in the next year. So when you look at our businesses, independent of any acquisition, you have an organization which will always – from the bottoms up, analyze what we do and always try to make sure we're properly structured for the perspective periods of time. When you have that mindset, we will always be going through some one-time or some level of refinement. We see that as a positive indication that the business is alive, dynamic, and thoughtful in terms of how to run the organization. So we'd like actually the number to be bigger, but obviously as we get more efficient, it becomes that much harder to find ways to do it better. But we remain positive that there are always ways for us to figure out how to run this business more efficiently. So I think when you think about NASDAQ, you should think about us always saying what can we do better and we're not going to get hung up on any accounting treatments in light of our ability to improve.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. All right. So let me start with the first part with respect to the rebranding. One is, we're very proud of the way we developed and evolved into a global company. That integration has been, I think very successful when compared with others in this space, somewhat remarkable. And what was interesting to me for the last number of years, we've had folks from our European operation saying that we should drop the OMX from our name, that NASDAQ was the good global brand and it played in Europe and Asia, and in certain ways it's stronger outside the U.S. than in the U.S. I had resisted that for a period of time but it didn't really make any sense going forward. It's the way our customers think of us, it's the way the public perceives us and it's right for us to have the official corporate name reflect that reality. So that was the decision in the coming. With respect to corporate solutions, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're going to beta release quite shortly in the next month or two months with selective customers. Obviously that is not a ready-for-production version, but it shows that we're getting close to that. We expect the first major production release of next-gen to be sometime in the third quarter of 2015 and we expect the full release to be available in and around the end of 2015. So as I said, those efforts – we have a great set of team, people and teams working on it and we grow increasingly comfortable and the customer feedback has been beyond our expectations.
Robert Greifeld: It's okay, Brian. All right. So let me start with our energy platform. So one, as you saw with the announcement, the broad base of support is quite remarkable, and I would have to say since the announcement, the number of market participants across the globe, who are signing up for it is greater than we could have anticipated. So you see a lot broader acceptance of the concept with our energy effort. In addition, it's important to recognize that the core group and our energy product has to pay. So you might call a pay for play, but they have a commitment to the enterprise in terms of real dollars that have to work. So those are two, I think very strong differentials. I also say the FCM community has been particularly receptive to this, and we're getting stronger support again than I could have guessed. With respect to NLX, you had basically NFX learn from NLX and now NLX is trying to learn from the model that was negotiated with our partners in NFX and we remain, I think optimistic that we have a future for NLX. We watch it every day and as you've highlighted with your number here, we have reduced the operating cost of NLX quite dramatically.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the one thing that I would say with respect to the Options business, which is outside the normal realm of competitive pressure is that we agreed to participate in a further funding of OCC based upon one, our equity ownership and the strong push by the regulators to bring better balance sheet to that operation. So we did that investment, it represented a good return to NASDAQ's shareholders but I'd have to say that not all customers were wild about that and some wish that they had had the opportunity to participate, and I think certain customers then took that as an opportunity to essentially put us in the penalty box. So it is a 100% our responsibility to get back in the good graces with those customers. We're focused on it. We're working on it hard and we're optimistic going forward. That being said, the options market is competitive. We thrive in competitive field, so we have our plans in place and we have respect for the competitors, but know that we come at it with a strong arsenal of customer centric tools and capabilities.
Robert Greifeld: And the point I would add is we're very attuned to how we (50:11) capital and what kind of returns we get, so obviously share buybacks are important acquisitions, internal investment. But by far and away, the highest return on invested capital is a restructuring opportunity. If we have the ability to invest to allow us to run more efficiently going forward, that is the best use of capital. So we just wish we had more of these opportunities. I think the team did a great job on reimagining how we can run this place, and obviously we're then reducing our core run rate going forward. So we're very happy with that.
Robert Greifeld: I think we're near the bottom. We do expect as we get further in the year for that number to have an inflection point.
Robert Greifeld: Right. So, let me start with the dividend question, and as I said in my prepared remarks, we look at multiple channels for use of capital. I think it's important for us always to be positioned to execute across those multiple channels. We certainly did that very successfully in the first quarter with both share buybacks and the acquisition of Dorsey, Wright, and further investments in internal initiatives. So that's what we have to do. So the raising of the dividend is certainly a quite strong positive, because it means that we think our business model is strong enough for us to execute across all those channels while increasing the dividend by two-thirds. And that is the benefit of the great execution we've had over the last number of quarters.
Robert Greifeld: Great. Well, I first thank everybody for the time this morning. As I said in my prepared remarks, it was a very solid quarter. We are executing really across a wide range of our businesses and it is an exciting time to be here at NASDAQ and we certainly have many great prospects going forward, and we appreciate your support in this effort. Look forward to talking to you in very short order. So, thank you.
