Robert Greifeld: Sure, we do believe the capture is sustainable, and we certainly expect it to be in range to what we saw in the second quarter. What you're seeing with respect to customer mix is a number of different things. One is with regard to what we’ll call sponsored access or naked sponsored access. We saw a number of firms want to have their own BD, their own standing with the regulators, and to come in to us directly. And as a result of that, they then had to earn their own way in the pricing tier. And that helped us in that regard. So I think that trend line will continue.
Robert Greifeld: No, we expect it to continue to increase, actually, and as we enter the summer months, that stable revenue, obviously, is a comfort to us in the Transaction business.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think I'll stand by the earlier comment. We expect the caps rate to be in the range of what we saw in the second quarter. That being said, we have to look continuously at our pricing model. We have to be engaged in our customers, and I think constantly in communication. And we think about it all the time. So it's hard to predict the future, where it might go, but I think I can give you comfort that what we saw in the second quarter will follow through into the third and the fourth.
Robert Greifeld: Well, options, just like equity, requires us to understand what the customers need from their market centers. And the management team there has done a remarkable job of anticipating and listening to their customers. So when you look at the product line extensions we made to both Philly and NOM, they were not so much about pricing but about features and functions that the customers need. So we think that's going to be the dominant determinant of our success in the quarters to come. It's not so much a pricing game.
Robert Greifeld: Well certainly, we put the implementation of the circuit breaker as job number one, and we did that in a very short period of time, and it’s a credit to our technology team. But as we look at what changes might happen as a result of May 6, from what we have in our developing queue, it really is really a immaterial impact. Clearly, we will take a pretty vigorous stand with respect to stub quotes, and we're prepared to roll that in, in very short order. So May 6 was an important event. It's an important event for us to respond to in a positive way, but it's not impacting our overall business plans .
Robert Greifeld: Great question. We believe in the third and fourth quarter, we will see a demonstrable benefit from the efforts we've put in over the last two years, where we have an increased number of what would be commonly known as high-frequency trading firms who desire co-location services in advanced stages of testing with us. So we expect third and fourth quarter we’ll see an increase of velocity, increase in the number of members in the markets, and we're obviously looking forward to that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I will say, it was not a test trade. There will be more trades coming, probably this week, we anticipate. And we certainly anticipate the open interest in the clearinghouse to be increasing in the months to come. Further details I'm going to leave to a later date, and some of the participants in the trade will probably publicize the fact that they were involved with these trades.
Robert Greifeld: So Rich, this is the revenue in the bank. We have an entire sales force who will only get paid if they deliver incremental revenue with these numbers.
Robert Greifeld: Well, The first thing I would say is, Rich, we can certainly connect some dots with respect to May 6 in our interest in SMARTS, and the acquisition that we announced today. So now we have stepped to the forefront on a global basis with respect to surveillance technology. And May 6 certainly has resonated around the planet, and we believe there's going to be a strong market demand and increased market demand, it's already a strong demand, for surveillance technology. And as we said, SMARTS has been a leader in providing technology for surveillance through exchanges. We think their mandate will dramatically increase where they'll be serving both exchanges, regulators and broker-dealers. So we feel very good about this acquisition, and we feel very good that in the post-May 6 world, we're ideally positioned to provide some of the data that you're talking about.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I would say is, with respect to market share, we see July a slight uptick in market share. We’re around 24%. So I'm not sure where you see it sliding. So we see it slightly increasing. So I would say with respect to pricing, I’ll repeat what I said earlier, I think the caps rate we had in the second quarter you can reasonably expect to see that in the third and the fourth quarter, within range. That being said, we evaluate the pricing and how we can best serve our customers on a continuous basis. So we handle things as they develop.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think you have a good understanding of it. It’s internally what we call the Meeks Amendment, and we're certainly happy to see it in FinReg. And to distill it down, it essentially reduces dramatically the SEC's pocket veto. And that is, if we put a filing to them, which is proper for form, they need to publish it for comment. And to the extent they do not, then the clock will start ticking based upon when we publish it on our website. So it puts a discipline to the process with the Commission, and we can have some deterministic outcomes to a number of filings. And we have certainly had a vast number of filings through the years that kind of go into the ether, and this should radically change that environment, I think for the betterment of the Commission, for the market and I think for our, particularly, prospects. What’s particularly exciting about this is unlike a lot of FinReg, this ruling is effectively immediately, so it is, in theory, in place today. We're certainly feeling our way with the new ground rules, and I think you could say the same for the Commission, but it certainly will be a positive for us.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, pricings can be -- non-data pricing can be deemed immediately effective. So we've got greater latitude on that. But I would again caution in that we're working with the Commission right now to understand the rules of the road. Ed Knight’s here, our General Counsel. Ed, you want to...
Robert Greifeld: Well, we've said this previously. We believe the London market opportunity for power is roughly equivalent size to the Nordic market. The U.K. market is bigger again with respect to gas. Our first focus, though, is power. Then the earlier part of your question, yes, we completed the rest of Nord Pool that we did not own, and we have significant amounts of the economic benefit already. The completion is a good thing for us, but it's not material.
Robert Greifeld: And as, Roger, as you probably know, under U.S. GAAP, if we sign a big contract, unlike five or ten years ago, it’s hard to recognize a significant portion of the revenue. It tends to want to come in over a period of time, as we follow the accounting rules, so...
Robert Greifeld: Well, a couple of answers here. One, with respect to our efforts for technology integration, they really proceed apace with a large number of players. And what we identified is we had to get some over the line, where we were doing production trades. So we were happy to be in that state right now where we have committed players who are putting real open interest into the clearinghouse. As I said, we’ve had several trades. We expect several more this week. So that is noticeable progress. I would say with respect to FinReg, clearly there was a spectator element to it by us and all others in the industry, and literal spectator during that last fight as it was broadcast on C-SPAN 2. But what's been interesting in the time period, the short period of time since it's been passed, our conversations with what I’ll call the traditional players in the space have increased quite dramatically and increased with respect to the different levels of the organization that we're dealing with. And if I could equate this period of time to anything, it would be back into the ECN days, the early ECN days in the equity world, where everybody felt compelled to talk to everybody else. So we're going through that period of time right now. We’re engaged in those discussions. But in the meantime, and most importantly, we continue to focus on executing our plan, because we clearly have a working system with the proper regulatory approvals that is positioned to meet customer needs. And it's our job to build up transactional and open interest activity in it, and we're in the process of doing that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one, we have a tremendous amount of respect for the management of the CBOE and their capabilities in the marketplace. We're obviously proud to have them being a NASDAQ OMX-listed company. But the options world is competitive, has been for the last several years. And C2, it will be an interesting new entrant, VAS [ph] (0:58:05) was a certainly interesting new entrant. But we, as you'd expect, have to focus on the strength of all offerings and how they meet customer needs. And we certainly have an active development calendar for our options platform in the months to come. We will have a significant upgrade to the NOM platform with respect to its connectivity into the marketplace in and around the end of the year. So we continue to execute, and we certainly like our positioning, and we certainly appreciate the results that the management team has delivered to us over the last year.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I thought you would certainly bring up SMARTS, because when you talk about the strategy in Market Tech, we kind of revealed a bit of it today, right? So when we look at the Technology Provision business, we said surveillance. And we had this thought, obviously, prior to May 6 but coming out of May 6, it popped inward to the top of the list. There was nothing, really, number two. So to be a major player in the surveillance was a strategic imperative to us. We were fortunate to enter into an acquisition agreement today with the clear leader, clear global leader in the space. So we think each and every technology deal in the days to come will have a very strong surveillance component to it. So we feel very good about that. Also in terms of outside of the acquisition, when you look at the success in the last quarter of Genium INET net and the contracts we have entered into, it's quite impressive. And it's quite impressive that major global exchanges are comfortable enough with our technology offering and support offerings to partner with us on these initiatives. So the positioning in Market Technology is today stronger than it's ever been. As you can see, the pipeline is remarkably strong, and this certainly’ll be an engine of growth earnings and revenue growth for us in the years to come.
Robert Greifeld: I think that's a fair conclusion if everything was equal, and I did say we expect the capture to be within a range. But clearly, the second quarter, we'll have more people hitting volume tiers than you have in the third quarter. So that's a fair enough conclusion.
Robert Greifeld: Well, first, I would say that your paraphrasing of my comments from last quarter a little bit generous, but it's our -- our job one is to make the IDCG product attractive to all entrants into the marketplace. And when you think about a clearinghouse and/or an exchange type of trading facility, that's our fundamental role in life. So we are in conversations with all participants. I would definitely say that since FinReg, our conversations with what you would perceive as the traditional dealers in the space have intensified. They are very direct with us with respect to aspects of the IDCG model that they would like to see changed in some way, and we have to respect that input and balance it against the input we get from the buy side. And we're in the process of, I think, coming to what would be seen as a happy medium with respect to the product offering. So we're pleased most by the fact that we are in the process of doing trades, we're production ready, and we will have -- building momentum in terms of what this offering’s about.
Robert Greifeld: Right. Well, I would say with respect to our Nordic offering, we enjoy broad support from the user community, both buy and sell side, and also from the regulatory environment in the Nordics. In addition, we obviously have technology that's integrated into the basic systems in these firms, and we have great customer relations in that area. So we feel strongly about it. We did put up the first trade in the Nordics, and it was interesting we did that with the governmental enterprise. So we're very comfortable in our positioning. With respect to the size of the market, I will give you a broad primer that it is a eight-figure per year market. And we really don't know that much more than that, but we certainly expect to have a leading share in the market in the time to come.
Robert Greifeld: I think it's roughly equivalent. There are some differences in the risk management capabilities, but we do expect that to converge over time. But right now, the risk is a little bit different.
Robert Greifeld: Well, it's really somewhat the same. What we've been articulating is the fact that we wanted to get the INET technology into that marketplace. One, it was more capable than the prior technology; but two, it had wide global appeal. So that has been completed, and I think I said early in the call, we expect to see some of the fruits of that effort in the third and fourth quarter, as some of the global players are now able to interface with our Nordic marketplace in somewhat a seamless way. And the other major building block we had to put place was to get to Central Counter Party Clearing, so we did that. So the building blocks are in place. We expect it to deliver returns to the participants in the marketplace and to our shareholders going into the third and the fourth quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Well, Justin, I would say in terms of how we look at volumes, we try to look at it on a yearly basis, and we certainly look at the prior year. And we also go into a given year with the expectation that there'll be one or two months of higher volatility that will result in higher volumes. We don't ever really know which months they’ll be, but if you look back year-on-year, that tends to be fairly accurate. Then you tend to have a couple of months where volumes are quite light. But and always, Justin, we are clearly humble enough to realize it's more art than science.
Robert Greifeld: Well, Justin, we think there's wisdom to the pricing action that we've taken, and that we essentially put a fee cap in for the existing players. And they were the beneficiaries of the fee cap during the -- in second quarter. And it's our belief that they are appreciative beneficiaries of the fee cap, and that will seek to have the center hold. And I think we see that. So while we're obviously aware of competition, we think we are the place of liquidity for the Nordic market and we think through the first half of this year, we’ve strengthened our hand in that regard through, as you referenced, in technology and central clearing, but also through the pricing actions that we've put in place.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say with respect to U.K. Power, it is clearly not regulation-dependent. And what was interesting to us, we were invited into that market in a real sense, and the invitation came from what we’ll call the natural players in the market, the utilities. And what was interesting also is the strong support from the intermediaries in the market. So we saw that as a broad-based approach to the market. As we look at our power efforts in the U.S., it's similar. It's driven first and foremost by the naturals in the marketplace. So they're not so much regulation-dependent. That being said, I think the move for over-the-counter products to go to clearing and to some sort of transparent trading is a positive driver of customer activity.
Robert Greifeld: Number one, Miguel, we see, certainly see more participants in the marketplace as the primary driver.
Adena Friedman: Sure. In terms of the pace of the share buyback, I would say that we will continue to be opportunistic in the way that we execute the share buyback. And we clearly think that the strength of our business and the growth prospects of our business outweigh the current price that we're trading at. So we believe that this is the right time for us to be upsizing the buyback and continuing to be active in the marketplace. In terms of specific timing, that's not something we generally discuss. But in terms of the debt to EBITDA ratio, obviously, as our EBITDA continues to strengthen and we pay down debt, we’ll continue to find ourselves with a lower ratio. And I think that we’re certainly very comfortable where we are today. I think that with the cash flow generation of our business, we have the ability to look at leverage if there’s some very strategic and attractive for us to consider. But right now, we're extremely comfortable with the -- right around the 2.2x that we're going to be looking at.
Adena Friedman: Right. So this represents the revenue that's been committed through contracts, but yet has not been recognized. And clearly, though, Rich, we have some level of variable revenue that comes into the business from enhanced server [ph] (0:41:20) requests, from advisory services and from other services that we offer and provide that can be recognized more immediately. But this is essentially recognizing by the way [ph] (0:41:33) that we have a lot of clients signed into long-term deals, but their revenue recognition will only occur after we've delivered the initial technology, and they start to accrue. Essentially, we start to amortize the value of the contract. So this is certainly not a full picture of the revenue for the remainder of this year or for next year. It's just a reflection at least of what's already been signed and what we can look forward to. And we'll continue to work on providing increased clarity and transparency around this business going forward, but this is at least a step.
Adena Friedman: Yes, so if we look at where the primary increase came from, from first quarter to second quarter, it is in compensation. And there's a combination of things driving the cost up there. The first thing is that we did do an equity grant in March to all of our employees, and so the essentially options expense, equity expense did go up for the year, and we’ll seeing a full quarter impact of that. So that's more structural. We also implemented a merit increase in June, and so that also is more structural. But we also increased our accrual for our incentive compensation, based on the strength of our second quarter results. So clearly, if the results in the second half of the year are not as strong as we anticipate, then that would be at some level of variability there. Additionally, in the second quarter, we spent a bit more on marketing and advertising slightly. And we have some other things I would say are a little bit more discretionary. And the last thing I would say about third quarter is we always have a little bit of a benefit from the vacation accruals, where that does bring down our comp expense a bit in the third quarter. So there are certain things that are seasonal, other things are structural, but I think we have some variability.
Adena Friedman: But I think generally, though, Niamh, we, up until -- for the first and second quarter, we’re kind of on track around a $50 million per year revenue for Nord Pool. That's kind of the average that we see for that marketplace generally, is around $50 million a year.
Adena Friedman: In general, and that's something that we're working on, Roger. But I think what we've been looking at internally is approximately 80% of the revenue is based on prior commitments, contractual commitments that are over the length of the agreement, whereas about 20% of revenue really comes from shorter-term deliveries. Now that can vary quarter-over-quarter, so certainly we had a very strong quarter, for instance, in the fourth quarter of last year that was based on some shorter-term revenues. But on a general basis, it's kind of 80/20. And recognize that, of course, this is only the revenue from contracts we've already signed and are in place and agreed to. And as Bob said, we have constant sales efforts to improve those contracts, change them. So, for instance, a client might choose to go under a contract for trading and then a year later choose to sign with us for clearing and things like that. So those types of things are obviously not reflected in this table.
Adena Friedman: But some of the background noise you’re hearing here is we’re right above where they do the market open this morning, so you're going to hear some happy voices and claps and cheers as we go through the rest of the call.
