Adena T. Friedman: Thank you, Michael. We are very pleased that our offerings continue to resonate with our clients and our business continues to perform well for our shareholders. We're very focused on executing on our goals to drive our competitive position, optimize the benefits of our acquisitions, and innovate with new technologies that meet and exceed our clients' expectations. So with that, we're really excited to turn it over to questions.
Adena T. Friedman: So what I would say with Market Technology, as we've been saying, and I said it in the first quarter even with that strong growth in that one quarter, that we have a long-range outlook of mid-to-high single digits for the Market Technology business, and we continue to support that. So as we look at the first half of the year and because of the volatility, we do tend to look at as the year progresses as opposed to each quarter alone, we have had 10% growth in that business. And we continue to feel that that supports our mid-to-high single-digit overall outlook for the business. I think with regard to our Information Services business, as you've seen that has obviously had a nice growth this quarter with the growth in our AUM, as well as just continued growth in our proprietary products. And overall, we're at 4% so far this year. And we continue to find opportunities to grow and expand that business. So I feel very comfortable with our mid-single-digit outlook for that business as well. And then for Corporate Services, we have said that that's a low single digits grower, as a general matter. And with the 1% so far this year, we continue to see opportunities to expand the bottom line. And we obviously continue to find ways to grow that business, but it's a lower grower in general. And then on Market Services, which we do not give outlook for, because volumes can be so volatile and changing over time, we are starting to see a recovery of volumes in the market, which has definitely helped the Market Services business in the second quarter. But what I focus on as CEO is those areas that we can control, which are market share and capture rates, as well as functional enhancements and things that can drive businesses forward. And I really do feel that everyone on the team has really been focused on that, and we've been executing well against those goals.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Yeah. So when we look at our fixed income, our fixed business more generally, we have the U.S. fixed income or Treasuries business. We have our U.S. Futures Exchange, which is focused on commodities. And then we have our Nordic fixed income business and clearing house, as well as our Nordic power business. And I would say that the macro backdrop across our fixed platform in terms of volumes in general has been low. I think that's been reflected across the industry, and so that's definitely a challenging backdrop. In terms of our competitive position, specific to our U.S. Treasuries business, we continue to find ways to enhance that platform and try to drive more volume back into the platform. It has been our biggest area of challenge, I would say, within Nasdaq. And I think that as we move all of our trading businesses under Tom's leadership and into a single organization, we feel that we're going to be able to take all of the talent that really, frankly, has been extremely successful across our equities and options businesses, our derivatives businesses in Europe, and apply that to those areas of challenge within the fixed income business. And I think that we will continue to work with our customers. And one of the great things that John did coming in was really bring a client orientation to that business. So we want to continue that and to try to drive progress. We had an enhancement that we brought in in June that basically created new functionality around off-the-runs, as well as creating more functionality in our Elect offering, and we do hope that will drive more volume back onto the platform in the coming quarters.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, I would just say, I think that when we look at the opportunities for us to continue to drive costs out of – from a technology integration perspective, as well as certain, I would say, agreements that we had with the sellers in terms of transitions, we have the opportunity to find additional efficiencies in the way that we drive the operations forward, but also making sure that we're meeting certain criteria that allow us to roll-off of certain agreements early.
Adena T. Friedman: So we don't disclose SMARTS separately from the rest of the Market Technology business, but we are very pleased with the general – obviously, we have said that SMARTS is a double-digit grower and it continues to be a very strong part of the overall Market Technology business. And we also would say that it is a subscription business, so it's a nice driver in terms of the margins of that business as well. But it is something that we look at as holistically part of what we offer with our market infrastructure business, and we will continue to look at it that way.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, so I would say that we don't see this as having a material impact on the net capture that Nasdaq or the exchanges in general receive, because the goal of lowering the access fees is to lower the rebates. So I think that that's at the end of the day what the SEC and certain participants are trying to achieve. We've been pretty clear on our position on establishing an access fee pilot. We attempted to do that on our own a couple of years ago, but the rest of the industry didn't follow. So as we look at what the SEC or what the industry is trying to achieve with lower rebates, which would come from a lower access fee, I think that we just want to make sure that we're cautiously going into that and saying, oh, what is the problem that we're really trying to solve for? And are we really going to be able to use this access fee pilot to really study and solve any specific market structure problems that exists? The other area of most concern to us is with small to medium-sized companies and the liquidity in those companies. If we think about what rebates are for, rebates were established after decimalization, because the spreads narrowed so dramatically that market makers were finding that they were not motivated to post liquidity openly and available for everyone to access and to see. So rebates were there to drive -- to motivate market makers to post passive liquidity onto the markets. And I believe that in less liquid stocks, those rebates are an important driver of nice tight spreads in market maker liquidity. So we believe that we have to be very, very mindful and cautious as we walk into any sort of access fee pilot as to what problem we're solving and what potential unintended consequences could result. So we'll see how it progresses, but as I said, we don't see this as having a material impact on exchanges' net capture. The purpose of it is to lower the rebates.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So, well, I think it is good to point out when we bought SMARTS back in 2010, that business is really primarily driven by providing surveillance solutions to exchanges and regulators. And we started to realize that, that market participants or the sell-side also have very sophisticated trading that they do and they could leverage the exact same alerting and same capabilities to look at their own internal trading behavior and the trading behavior of their client. And so we started – and we embarked on a program to bring SMARTS into the sell-side, and today we have 140 market participants that use SMARTS surveillance as their core surveillance system. So it's been a very successful strategy over the last seven years. And when we then look at how the buy-side is becoming more and more sophisticated in terms of their interactions with the market, and their own regulatory obligations have been increasing over the last several years, our view is that the same surveillance and, frankly, the behavioral analytics approach to surveillance that Sybenetix brings is also going to have increasing demand within the asset management industry. So it does open up new avenue for us to continue to grow and expand our surveillance offerings. So we actually identified this as a strategy for Nasdaq about year and a half ago. We've been building out the SMARTS surveillance buy-side solution. We have clients in the buy-side already using it, but Sybenetix really helps catalyze that growth and brings an orientation to that surveillance that we think is very relevant to them. So we're very excited about that. I think in general, the asset management industry is clearly an area of focus for us right now with our Analytics Hub and with our SMARTS surveillance offering, as well as other things that we'll continue to look to do and, obviously, our index business and data business to continue to drive demand there.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, it's been – I would say that we do have a strategy internally to look at how we can expand the value added data that we provide to entire industry, both the sell-side and the buy-side, as well as to brokers that service the retail audience. And what we want to make sure of is we look at leveraging our own data that we have internally and finding signals within that data, using machine intelligence, in addition to bringing in other third party data that provides what I'll call more driver information that would be relevant for a quantamental shop or a pure quant shop that's looking at ways to find – use data to make a fundamental decision or using data to make a technical decision in terms of their investments. We want to make sure we build out this hub. We definitely like the idea of partnering with other exchanges, partnering with our clients to find the signals to bring in the data that they're looking for, and to serve their needs. And one of the things that we're really proud of is how we've architected this solution, because it's completely in the cloud. It allows for us to – allows a client to come in with multiple types of interfaces, it could be fixed or could be APIs or could be – we can multitask the data out. They can provide data into the platform. They can get as much data or as little data as they want out of the platform. They can do it in real-time or at end of day. It's an extremely flexible platform and it allows us to grow and expand what we're doing in multiple ways. So it is meant to be for the entire industry, but certainly the quantitatively-oriented buy-side strategies, we think, are a good starting point for us to focus our energies.
Adena T. Friedman: We actually are really good at partnering with ETF sponsors to make sure that we're both happy. And it kind of depends on the type of index that we're creating. So if it's a very advanced, I would say, SMARTS beta index, like we have from our Dorsey Wright business, we actually – we do tend to see that that's got higher value and there's more IP that we're bringing to the table. That tends to have a higher price point versus a benchmark index, where we really do try to partner to be a low cost provider to our ETF sponsors. And so it really just depends on the type of index that we're calculating on behalf of our clients or that we're generating, and then partnering with our clients to bring to market. And we do have a wide range and we're very partnership driven.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, we won't predisclose business wins, but we definitely have – we are working with a lot of clients right now to make sure that they understand the value of our offerings. We have some clients that are, frankly, in what I'll call predevelopment mode. But we – all I can say, Alex, is we do continue to see really high demand for our services across the entire spectrum of what we do, whether it's risk management, trading, clearing, settlement. Those – clearing and settlement continue to be very strong growth drivers for us, in addition to the surveillance offering. So we – I can't give you any sort of specific things, but I could say that we continue to have very high demand across the suite of what we offer. In terms of the third quarter, I mean, you are right that from a, what I would call, change request perspective, that tends to be a lower quarter for us, because not only do – really our clients have more vacation time, so they tend to demand less in terms of enhancements and that the fourth quarter tends to be our strongest quarter in that. So that is some of that seasonality that you do see. But in terms of general, our general view is that we continue to see very high growth drivers overall, but we're not going to speak specifically to the third quarter.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, I think our general approach is, for those businesses that are strong incumbent businesses, we try to drive to the greatest efficiency that we can to make sure – but while we're still optimizing the business and its opportunities. But then as we look at really specific growth initiatives and ways for us to invest our resources, as you said, our people resources and our capital resources, we try to make sure that we give you some disclosures around those areas where we're really investing a lot of time and capital. So what we've been discussing with you in terms of – you can kind of see that in terms of which initiatives we've been highlighting to you. So the Nasdaq Financial Framework is clearly an investment area, surveillance is clearly an investment area, the data business is clearly an investment area, Nasdaq Private Market is clearly an investment area, and then NFX is our trading investment area. So I think that those are where we try to make sure you know where we're kind of moving resources into those areas to drive growth. And we're trying to make sure that the rest of the franchise is as efficient as possible.
Adena T. Friedman: Okay, great. So on Revitalize, I think that we have had a very, very positive reception across many aspects of our client base, and as well as the lawmakers. What I really like about the fact that we took a leadership position in coming out with our views on the capital markets and what we can do to improve the capital markets is that we've been able to elevate the discussion to the bigger picture issues that are really facing the country and the economy, as it pertains to getting more companies to want to enter the public market. And what are the benefits of the public markets to investors and to companies. So we like this. There is one stat that we have in the Revitalize blueprint that talks about the fact that in the last decade, 76% of all job growth has come in these companies after they've gone public. So going public is a job creator. It is a growth driver for the economy. And so we want to make sure that lawmakers, regulators, issuers, investors, and market participants are all engaged appropriately on those issues that actually matter. And what's been great is it has elevated the discussion, the debate on those topics that are bigger picture topics, like proxy access, disclosure obligation, tax reform, litigation reform, as well as market structure. So market structure isn't the only thing on the agenda any more. It's looking holistically at the system. And we have been heavily engaged with lawmakers and with regulators on the topic. It's gotten a very positive reception. I think that there's also some element of – there are certain areas that not everyone agrees on, but what we've really wanted to do was get an active and open debate on the topics, and I think we've been successful in that. So we do hope that we're going to see progress on some of these core initiatives. We are really pleased to see that Chairman Clayton took as one of his very first acts to allow for confidential filings at every level of a company's size. That's a perfect example of a change in disclosure obligations that we support. So we are hopeful that we can actually drive positive change there. In terms of the blockchain and AI commercialization, those new technologies are going to take time to seep into the financial fabric of the economy. But we have seen – what I really like about the blockchain is that I think that it kind of came to market as a solution looking for a problem. And then there are some problems that were identified. So particularly in illiquid OTC instruments, where there are bespoke trades that are done and they take forever to settle. And so you're standing out there with a lot of risk waiting for those trades to settle. And there is just not an efficient system to support that. And the blockchain, whether it's the Nasdaq Private Market and our Alt initiative, or whether it's the distributed ledger technology that SIX is looking to bring into their OTC market, the whole purpose of it is to create a more efficient and effective way to settle out trades that then lowers the risk of doing those trades, which then lowers the capital requirement. So we have definitely keyed in on problems that are solved with the blockchain. And we are moving forward with commercialized business opportunities with the blockchain and the Nasdaq Financial Framework. On AI, as you can tell, we obviously think that there's a lot of opportunity there across our data products, our surveillance products, and our IR product. And we are actively working with machine intelligence and bringing those products to market. It just takes time for the clients to trial them, to back test them, to make sure that they are, in fact, doing what they hope that they will do. And it's just a time issue of working with the clients to get adoption, but we're highly confident that the solutions we're bringing to market are valuable to the customers. So that's just a matter of time, I think, Mike, to get that adoption up.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, I would say, I think we need to have more experience with it and working with the clients very extensively to understand the total breadth of the opportunity. In a way, it's kind of an interesting project for us, because when you're going into a highly competitive space, where you kind of know what the total addressable market is and you're trying to grab at it, it's easier for you to come up with projections as to if I progress this way, I will get this money. In Analytics Hub, it's a whole new thing. It's something – these are products that clients have never had access to before. It's a very – it's a new space. So as a total addressable market, in a way it's kind of unknown. And so what we are looking at is how do we just – obviously, we have our own internal targets, but in terms of our expectations and how quickly these targets will be met, we are not providing those publicly, because we do want to have more experience with the technology and with our customers to know what fits their needs and how they are going to be adopting it, before we give you any sort of true, clear guidance or outlook on that particular part of the business. We are doing this as a subscription, and as they – so the way it's priced is you pay a monthly fee for either a third-party data set or you pay different monthly fee if you want to take analytics on that data set. And so there are – there is established pricing that we're working on and making sure that the clients are seeing it as a subscription service, but we don't yet have targets that we're able to communicate to you.
Adena T. Friedman: That's right. We have 20 clients who are piloting various aspects of the data, so they may be piloting one data feed. They may be piloting all the data feeds. They may be looking specifically the analytics that we're creating. And what they're doing is back testing it against their models and making sure that those models do, in fact, get a positive impact from the data. That's what they're doing at the moment.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. I mean, I would say that we are very committed to our investment-grade status. We've been very proactive in working with the rating agencies to make sure that they understand our business well. And we will – I mean, the purpose of having debt capacity is to use it for the right opportunities. But when we look at the opportunities that are before us right now, I think that what Michael discussed in his capital allocation outline is where we're focusing our energies right now, which are on these kind of, I would call them bolt-on-y type of deals, where it adds a capability to – a technology capability to us, it expands our market presence in a certain area, or in the case of the deals we did last year, which – the highly synergistic, basically doubling down in areas we believe in, that we can believe we can grow and expand our franchise. So those are the areas that we're particularly focused on right now, and I think that that will play out, hopefully, as we continue to expand our business.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, we have been very focused on making sure that we're compliant with MiFID II, and that's got a fair number of work streams across our technology organization, our business organization in the Nordics, and it's a big project, not only for us. It's a much bigger project even for our clients. But we see the Auction on Demand functionality that we launched in June on our Nordic market is a direct reflection or a direct reaction to MiFID II in terms of allowing people – I think the general goal of MiFID II is to bring more flow into the venues and to the exchanges, which I think that is benefiting us. But the Auction on Demand allows people to execute their strategies as large institutional players and still do it within an exchange environment and make it so that the systematic internalizers don't have as much of a motivation to take that type of activity off exchange. And so we are doing those types of enhancements to our systems. We're also continuing to look at the disclosure obligations, and whether or not there are opportunities there to enhance our disclosures in our data to help people comply with MiFID II. But I would say also, MiFID II and the new M-A-R, or MAR obligations are really, really helpful, have been helpful to our SMARTS business and its demand for surveillance in Europe over the last couple of years. And so we've seen that as a growth driver for us, and that's been benefiting us.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So I think that when we look at how our clients are using NFX, they're using it for – they're using it definitely to trade on it and they're using it to clear. And they – and sometimes they can do internalized prints that they then just send into the system to clear. And that then drives the open interest, but they may not actually be using the – what we call the CLOB or the Limit Order Book to trade. And so – but both of those things are beneficial to the health of the platform, the fact that they're willing to put their risk into the clearing house on long-duration related contracts we feel is very, very healthy and encouraging. And I think that that helps us to generally drive client demand to get connected and to be a part of NFX. In terms of the volumes on the system, we have seen – we've been introducing fees, and we've introduced fees at the beginning of May. And as the market makers and the other participants have been getting used to these fees, we've seen some moderation of volumes, but honestly, we continue to see new participants joining. We've had a couple of new firms joining as partners in the last couple of weeks and definitely, there still is very strong demand to continue to develop the platform and bring on new products and new activities. So we see this as maybe a little bit of a plateauing just based on them getting used to new fee-based, but we're pretty – we're still very encouraged and optimistic about the business.
Adena T. Friedman: Thank you very much. Well, thank you very much for your questions, and we are – as I mentioned before, we are very proud of the business. We're proud of all of the opportunities we have to continue to grow the business and engage with our clients. And we hope that we've been able to convey that today. So thank you very much.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yes, it does. That $10 million to $20 million won't all necessarily be realized this year. It'll be realized over the following periods as well, but yes, it does include that.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: No. Like I said, we're just including it in the overall guidance that we're now providing. And we've hit the $60 million, we think there's additional that we can achieve. But we'll achieve it over future periods instead of continuing to track that separately. It gets harder as we start to integrate these parts of the business and just starting specifically split out the synergies related to different aspects of it. So it's in the plans and we have additional things that we're going to do. But as you start to try and suss it out, it gets a little more difficult. So we're just going to include it in our overall guidance.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. So I think the one thing that you'll start to see is as more of the business moves to more of a SaaS-based model and those contracts are more annual-based contracts or shorter periods as opposed to some of the five- to seven-year type contracts that you would see in the core business, and as we continue to build out the things that Adena's been talking about with respect to the SMARTS surveillance business and the whole SaaS business, that those contracts are – that does change the nature to some degree of that backlog that we're looking at. So we are actually looking at, are there alternative ways of presenting some of that information to you guys going forward? But so some of it is more of on recurring basis. When I say recurring, on a shorter term recurring basis as opposed to longer term contract. And so that will change the nature of that a little bit and how we recognize it. In addition, looking into next year, we are looking at what the implications are of the new GAAP requirements. We don't think that there's going to be a material impact overall in the way that the information is reported, but it will have a bit of an impact. So there will be more information coming out in the next couple quarters as to how you start to recognize that in the back half of the year.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Well, I would say from a financing standpoint, the priority is identifying if we have good opportunities. We'll look at the best ways of financing those opportunities. And if it means that you're increasing the debt for a short period of time, we would look at doing that. But the priority is getting the investment, and we think it's a good strategic and financial return for the company, then we'll look at the best way to finance that. With that, I'll turn it to Adena to...
