Adena Friedman: Well, I think that as you all know the way that the SEC process works is they're putting out a proposal for rulemaking. And there actually really was a pre-proposal before the proposal for rulemaking. So that is the start of a pretty long and comprehensive process to consider changes in the governance and composition of the securities information processor plans. And so there will be ample opportunity for us and all of our clients and peers to comment and provide recommendations to the SEC along the lines of their proposals. And I think that that will ultimately kick off most likely a multi-year process for determining the future of that part of the market structure. And we are pretty encouraged by some of the things that they have in their proposal and other things that we certainly will have an opinion about, as we think through what is best for the markets. How do you leverage the securities information process in the right way? If you think about it, it is a regulated in our opinion kind of monopoly component to the industry. So how do you make sure that you're governing it the right way? And how do you make sure that you also are giving our clients proper choice and alternatives with proprietary products in the market? So we have a lot to think about as we go forward. But we are pleased that the SEC is taking it on and considering it. We do think there's some elements that need to be modernized and as we had laid out in total market's proposal.
Adena Friedman: Well, it's a good question, Rich. I would say that the five goals that we have for the next several years are in line with the pivot that we've already established. But we're moving down the road on it. So when we first announced that we have this strategic pivot, we really focused on what do we believe are the long-term trends that our clients are managing through, and long term meaning over a period of the next 10 years when -- back in 2017 kind of what are we seeing over the next 10 years that could really impact our clients and therefore how should we be positioning ourselves. And so we're kind of three years into a long-term journey. The ambitions that we have laid out for the next several years are not a change, but rather continuing down the road. And I think the difference is that we've continued to gain confidence in our ability to actually deliver against some of the ambitions that we have meaning to be the most trusted market tech and regtech provider to the industry we really feel that our Nasdaq Financial Framework and technology implementations, our cloud-based services, how we're delivering against SaaS now all of those things give us a lot more confidence that we can continue to expand and accelerate the business. At the same time within our Data Analytics business, we've really gotten to know the investment management industry in a way that we didn't frankly get coming into the strategic pivot. I think eVestment has really given us a level of insight and expertise there and it allows us to continue to think through how do we expand our offerings to be even more of a strategic partner to them. So those are the kind of a couple of examples where we just feel more and more confident that we're going down the right road. And then also having that -- I laid out five different ambitions but the fifth one being private markets, it's still very small business for us but the momentum in the private asset space in terms of liquidity solutions is really picking up. We're seeing really good feedback on the private equity fund offering as well as our core private shares offering and how we can continue to expand that. So we've elevated that up to be one of our key ambitions.
Adena Friedman: Sure, great. So I think we look at the business in terms of how we are measuring revenue success and growth in four key areas. One is in our what we call our core marketplaces business so exchanges financial markets that's one key area of revenue and revenue opportunity. The second is in our regtech so really our smart surveillance offering and how we offer that out to the banks and brokers. The third area is in the banks and brokers in terms of selling trading solutions to them -- trading technology solutions to them. And then the fourth is in this new market space.  And certainly still the vast majority of our revenue really comes from the first two which are our core marketplace businesses and the regtech space. And both of them had strong growth characteristics and we're renewing client contracts, expanding those client contracts and signing up new customers particularly in the post-trade area. That's where the majority of the marketplace demand is coming from in addition to continued expansion of SMARTS. But what we really tried to focus on in my remarks is the fact that, we went from having one in-place banks and broker client coming into 2019 to now having six on the exit of 2019. And those are really interesting opportunities because, they're often offer -- not in every case, but often offered either as a managed service or as a SaaS offering, so it's a new way of delivering a service. It's a more comprehensive service than just delivering the software. We're also providing hosting and surveillance for some of the clients. So, that's a really interesting area and that's definitely one of the key growth opportunities that we have. And then the last, as you mentioned is a new market still very small. What we are focused on as we go into 2020 is the fact that, we have been expanding the number of clients in the sports, betting and gaming space. We launched two new clients in the horse racing area, both in Australia and Sweden this year. We have the football index which is in soccer or I should say European football in that space. And then also insurance. We -- with the acquisition of Cinnober, they have a really interesting risk modeling tool that they've deployed out to insurance. So it gives us an opening into insurance and then in the transportation space as we mentioned with the Airbus partnership. So, we definitely are seeing growth opportunities there, but it's going from a very small base to something that -- where we see a growing TAM as we get more engaged in each of those industry verticals. I would just say from a competitive perspective, this is a business I would argue that's very much a scale business, particularly in the core market tech and trading solutions business. It is a scale play and we believe that, we are the most successful scaled player in providing these comprehensive end-to-end trade life cycle solutions to the marketplace industry and also to banks and brokers. And then on the surveillance side, there are always little niche players that are trying to come up with new things. But frankly, we've been really investing in machine intelligence in that business. We've launched the Nasdaq Data Discovery platform for surveillance. And so, we've continued to innovate to make sure we stay ahead of those niche players that are coming into the market. So, long answer, but it's a big area of opportunity for us. And the TAM is growing, as we're expanding into the banks and brokers and into the new markets.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And we do look at that from a year-over-year perspective. So, as you said, things can be a little lumpy on a quarterly basis. But on an annualized basis, we do expect to start to demonstrate that we can grow our margins along with the topline growth as we go through 2020 and -- in 2020 and 2021. So, we've been saying that all along and we do expect to deliver that.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So, it was a really interesting -- Airbus came to us by the way. They're the ones who really came up with this really creative idea, which is, how do they create more stability of revenue for the airlines and for the travel agencies, so that -- in particular airlines feel that they can look further out into their planning cycle and they can be more confident in their revenue opportunities, so that they obviously can make larger capital investments over time including new airplanes. So you can kind of see where the natural alignment of interest comes with Airbus being the provider of this. But they -- it really came out within a group within Airbus. They said, okay, let's go for it. Let's create a new subsidiary and launch this thing as a de novo start-up called Skytra. They are basically leveraging a lot of data. It's a vast majority of the ticket prices in terms of both tickets sold, but also actual settlement of tickets, so meaning, it's one thing to sell a ticket to a client, another thing for the client to actually get on the airplane and fly. So they have both the -- what I'll say pre-trade pricing information from the airlines and then the post-trade execution of the tickets actually being sold and used. And they have data from certain industry sources and they are basically in index and in an index that looks at different routes so it could be a route. So it could be a route from New York to London or it could just be a route from Eastern U.S. to Europe. They can look at different routes and look at trends in pricing. And so if they have this index that allows them to create trends in pricing they can then create a future on that index. And the -- and that enables the industry to use it as a hedging tool. So airlines and travel agencies are natural users of this where they -- through broker dealers. So it is a broker-dealer professional system. They can basically hedge out their revenue risk and allow for them to have a longer-term orientation. So it's really creative.  In terms of our involvement we are providing them the trading solution. We're providing the surveillance overlay and then there are other services that we hope that we will continue to be able to offer them as well across our trade life cycle solutions and operations. It is offered as a SaaS-based service and they are leveraging our next-gen technology. So we're really excited about that.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So from signing so -- frankly the longest -- for trading solutions the longest time line is to get a signature on a page so from the first meeting until signing. Then from signing until we actually launch is usually -- we can usually do that in for a very simple system six months for a more comprehensive system 9 months to 12 months depending on the level of complexity of the client. And so -- and then also of course they often need to make sure that they're integrating it inside their systems as well. So I would say nine to 12 months is a more common time from signing to production. And then in terms of post-trade systems that are much more complicated it can be anywhere from 18 months to two years to deliver a full end-to-end post-trade solution clearing and settlement into some of these larger scale clients. And we do have several of those ongoing right now.
Adena Friedman: And that was a change to the revenue recognition rules a few years ago. So we now recognize revenue as soon as we sign through to deployment the costs are higher between tying and deployment and then it goes into more of a service and maintenance cost base.
Adena Friedman: Yes, the margins do improve as we go into production after we've been able to complete the development phase.
Adena Friedman: And I wouldn't say Cinnober necessarily changes the composition of that. No. I think that we are finding that their revenue was generally consistent with the way that we look at it in terms of both the recurring and non-recurring revenue.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I think – first of all, we don't separately disclose kind of different components of the U.S. equities trading business. But I would say that, generally, we don't expect this to be a material change to our financials in terms of how we're going to address it. I think what we've been focusing more on Alex over the last couple of years is enhancing the functionality of the close. We've been making some changes and really working very closely with the buy side and the sell side to implement changes that really continue to make the close, as I would say as functional and as useful as possible in generating a true reflection of supply and demand at the close. If you think about it several trillion dollars of assets under management are tied to that price. So having it be a really a comprehensive supply-and-demand price discovery event is critical. We were quite disappointed to see that the SEC ultimately approved that rule filing not from a financial perspective, but really frankly from a market perspective and investor perspective. We had issuers ride in. There were indexers who rode in. There were investors, who expressed concern and yet the SEC really didn't address a lot of their concerns in the approval order, but rather just decided that exchange competition is more important in our opinion than the quality of the closing price. So we're pretty disappointed in that, but having said that, we've been working with our clients for the last couple of years. We expect to be able to address any concerns they have with regard to this new entrant and make sure that we continue to have a very vibrant close. And we don't see any material impact on that on our financials from that.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. We had – it was -- we were very pleased with the number. We've been working on these new contracts for many months. So they just all kind of came into play in the fourth quarter. There are some significant existing clients like we mentioned in terms of the Japan Exchange Group and FINRA. Those are large scale long-term contracts that we were working on to make sure we expand and extend our agreements with those existing clients. Those are significant. The – as we mentioned the two new banks that came in as well as some of these other – and some smaller new deals that came into play in the fourth quarter all kind of came to fruition all at the same time. So we've always said that order intake is quite lumpy. This is a particularly lumpy year, but it is actually positioning us very well into – in terms of securing our revenue growing our revenue into our existing base as well as signing up some new customers. So I don't – I mean, there were definitely more names in the fourth quarter than in prior quarters, but some of the bigger names came into play that quarter.
Adena Friedman: So, there's a lot to unpack there. So let's start with the non-financial markets. We -- I think we're trying to do account in our heads. I would say we're probably around 15 clients today in the non-financials. But that's not an exact number. But that's kind of the range. But I mean of those, at least five to seven of them were new clients that we signed this year. So, it is definitely a growth area for us. And as I mentioned, we signed new clients in the sports space. We signed new clients in the transportation space, and we signed other -- kind of other new clients along the way that are in non-financial markets. So -- but it's still -- as we mentioned, it's definitely a small but growing area and the TAM keeps expanding there. In terms of our overall growth rate in market tech we are -- we still believe that the 8% to 11% is the right way to evaluate the business going forward. And we will continue to evaluate that as we do move forward. But we're very pleased to see that the growth characteristics of the business are consistent with that kind of growth rate. And we want to make sure that we continue to deliver against that which is why we continue to invest in the business. But our -- as I mentioned before, the growth in our investment should be outweighed by the growth of the revenue. So, we should start to be able to demonstrate some margin expansion going into 2020 and 2021. And you also mentioned overall the non-trading businesses.
Adena Friedman: The overall growth rate. That -- we are -- again, that 5% to 7% is what we believe is kind of the right way to look at our longer-term -- mid- to longer-term outlook. And so, we continue to believe that's the right way to evaluate our business.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, it is very much a nascent commercial area. And we have two areas of focus. One is on investable products, so that could either be sustainable bonds, and we have our sustainable bond market in Europe. And we're now -- we've just launched the Sustainable Bond Network in the United States with our European team who's really leading that as well and then any ETFs or ESG-related indexes. So those are kind of what I call investable products. And then the other side is really supporting our corporate clients. So, we are different than a lot of our peers in that. We are really focusing in on how can we be the right partner to all of these companies now who have just increasing demands from investors on managing and reporting on ESG. It's a very complicated world that's helping out there. There are all these different centers, setters and metrics makers, and the companies really need our support. And so we've chosen to be the right partner to them. In terms of encouraging them to report on ESG, it's particularly in our European markets, but also giving them tools, advice consulting services to support this growing area. And that has been a really interesting commercial area for us. So I would say you'll hear more about it going into 2020, because we are supplementing our consulting services with some technology offerings as well. But it's very small at this point I just want to say. I think it's a new area for everyone.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So in terms of the process that would be a question for Airbus not for Nasdaq in terms of how we ended up becoming their partner. But I think in general, we like to make sure that people know about what we're doing with companies like Airbus so that we do get more inbounds. But at the same time, we have actually been sizing up our sales organization in the new market space. It's been one of the areas of investment in market tech. We continue to make sure that we have the right expertise that we can apply into the industries that -- where we're finding the most interest to think about a market's economy like approach. So whether that's in transportation, insurance in the sports space these are all areas where we've been investing in sales in addition to making sure our technology is relevant. So we also have been creating modules within our technology where we can showcase our capabilities to these new non-financial markets where they need a little bit more of an education. And then we're also looking at other partners that we can provide to make it easier and faster to deploy these technologies to the customers. So all of those are things that we're doing to expand and grow that part of the business. We love inbounds but it's very important for us to be able to surface opportunities too. So the sales effort has been definitely a ramp-up for us.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. I mean the way that I would look at that, also in terms of ARR, I mean we actually feel like, it's a pretty good progression of ARR from quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter, through 2019. And Michael is right, that the $204 million the majority of that will turn into either continuation or growth of ARR. But I would say that, it's -- there's a lot of -- there's a lot that goes into the combination of the two numbers. And we're getting used to giving out ARR. That's a new stat for us. So we'll continue to make sure we're revolving our explanations around it, so that you guys have better understanding of how to interpret that versus the order intake going forward.
Adena Friedman: Yeah. So a couple of things the first thing is, the NFX we expect that to continue to migrate over to EEX through the first quarter of 2020. And start to come out of our financials as we go in through the second quarter. However, it was an R&D initiative. So it has been reflected in our R&D numbers. And so therefore what we're basically saying with the change -- with our R&D numbers are that we are moving the money that we are otherwise spending on NFX into some of these higher growth higher potential opportunities. And we're really concentrating our R&D, on those things that we think have a very large total market opportunity. And have real growth potential. The reason why the investments in ARR -- I mean in R&D are increasing is because the revenues are also increasing. So a good example of that would be banks and brokers. That's actually considered an R&D initiative, in terms of building out and supplying our trading solutions to the banks and brokers. But we have a very significant increase in our clients, so the revenue from that business is going up. But so are the investments in that business to supply -- to support those revenues. So the -- we're only showing you one side of the ledger, when we're showing you our cost guidance and the R&D spend. But the revenues are also increasing along the line. So the net cost of that program is around the same year-over-year.
Adena Friedman: Well, we evaluate acquisitions all the time frankly. So, it's a part of what we look at. And we always -- the way that we think about acquisitions are can they accelerate our ability to achieve our strategy, in a particular segment. So are we either expanding our client base or expanding our capabilities to support our clients in new ways within a segment, with a particular focus on technology and the data and analytics. But frankly we also have done -- we did a small acquisition within corporate services last year. And we always look at -- we will look at acquisitions within market services as well so long as it provides the right financial framework. So, I would say we always look at them. The environment right now is they are pretty pricy. So we are -- we're definitely really focus on, making sure we have real conviction around the financial model, in addition to obviously the strategic benefit before we make a decision to move forward with an M&A initiative. And that has definitely created a discipline inside of Nasdaq, where we obviously look at a lot. But we have only executed on a few.
Adena Friedman: So, the first thing I would say is that, these fees in the SIP have always gone through a pretty rigorous regulatory process, ever since the SIP committees were formed many, many moons ago. So it already does have a lot of regulatory oversight and overlay whenever there's a proposal fee change there. They have not defined what they mean by fair and reasonable. I think that our view is that it will -- the governance of the SIP and the way that it will be structured will help make sure that we have client involvements in those types of decisions, but also recognizing the fact that there is a lot of value that comes from the products that are created. And the other thing is that, the fees not only just pay for the creation of the product, but also pay for the regulatory oversight that the exchanges have to support a fair market environment. So all of those things are taken into consideration. I don't think the SEC though has clearly defined their ambitions there. And we'll have to see how it goes -- how it moves forward in the coming period.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thank you. In closing, Nasdaq's fourth quarter and full year of 2019 was a solid performance and we are starting off 2020 with strong momentum. Our leadership team remains focused on executing our technology-led strategy to deliver for our stakeholders and I look forward to our continued discussions throughout the year on the progress we aim to make against our strategic priorities. Thank you very much for your time today.
Michael Ptasznik: On the sequential side one of the other key factors was a drop in the -- under reported revenue from -- unreported revenue usage. And so that was $9 million in Q3 and it was about $5 million this quarter. So that was one of the other key drivers quarter-to-quarter.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, so that was a part of it. And there was also some increased investments both in infrastructure and the new initiatives that Adena referred to earlier as well as there's some timing around some of the compensation in there as well. So that was some of the key drivers on why the expenses were up higher in the quarter.
Michael Ptasznik: But from a revenue recognition standpoint though as we start to build out the platforms in that 6 month to 9 month to 12 month period that Adena described there will be revenue recognized as we're building the platform. There will be typically a higher cost in that delivery. As we move more and more SaaS it will become lower cost going forward. But right now there is a bit of a higher cost. And then you see the more of the run rate revenues in the -- after that 12-month period or after the implementation.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes. So there was as you know there's typically more in the fourth quarter with respect to some of the change request and the other elements have come into play. I think if you look at the annualized recurring revenue slide you can see that the ARR went up from $255 million to $260 million in the quarter. So I think that's an indication of the type of growth you're seeing in more of the -- in the recurring revenue side of the business. And you can look at that on a regular basis to see what's happening from a recurring standpoint relative to more of the change requests et cetera.
Michael Ptasznik: Yeah. There were a couple of other deals that – specific requests that came through, specific transactions both on the change request and also on some of the software deliveries that were higher this quarter than we typically see in Q4. So we had both last quarter and this quarter that we continue to see the increase in that business. So you're right, there were a couple of other specific situations, where we had some additional requests being done.
Michael Ptasznik: And since we're just – I just want to go back to Alex’s question and on the recurring side I just want to make sure it's clear to Alex when I mentioned the $255 million to $260 million that was Q3 to Q4. So, that has continued to progress on the annualized recurring revenue rate. So that's -- going back to last year's $222 million that would include Cinnober, but there as Adena said, the makeup of their business would be very similar. So we are seeing the benefit as the recurring revenue continue to grow in addition to the change request that we were just talking about.
Michael Ptasznik: Yeah. So thanks for the question. We're going to continue on with the capital plan that we stated. And consistent with that so again look for great opportunities to invest and continue to grow the business number one priority. In addition to that we look to grow the dividend as our earnings and cash flow grow. And then with respect to the buybacks, we are using the buybacks to offset the dilution that we would see from any of our equity programs. And then at the end of that if there is additional cash available -- from a debt standpoint you're right. We've achieved the debt leverage targets that we're targeting and so we are comfortable maintaining our investment grade status. And so if there's additional cash available after we take all those things into consideration looking at -- if there's nothing specific with -- that we are looking to invest in within the horizon then at some point we'll consider doing additional buybacks beyond that point. But that's really not a quarter-to-quarter thing. That's going to be something that we'll look at over a longer period of time, so very consistent capital filing with the way that we've articulated in the past.
Michael Ptasznik: Yeah. So with respect to the new order intake again some of that is temporary -- or not temporary but it's within the quarter that is going to be recognized for some of that. But the ARR a good portion of that $204 million will turn into ARR on an ongoing basis. It depends somewhat on -- with respect to some of the contracts that are recognized in that $204 million with ARR -- renewals of contracts that we already have recognized. So if we have a client that was already in the ARR and then we are renewing a contract and extending that for let's say another five-year period. Then there could be the -- if there's an increase in the amount that they'll be paying us, then that will have some reflection in the ARR. So that will be a continuation of it. It's -- but the new contracts for the new clients that's what's going to continue to increase it. And the new order intake is not an annualized number. It is a multi-year. So that could be a 5-year number the $204 million or depending on the size of the contract. So that reflects the total amount of the order intake for the total contract time, that's being contracted.
Michael Ptasznik: I think if you look at the priorities and strategic ambitions that Adena outlined in her comments with the five that we mentioned earlier, those are organic pursuits that we are engaging in. And if there are opportunities to accelerate that with the M&A, then we will look to do so as long as that obviously meets the strategic and the financial criteria that we're looking at. But those additions are ones that we're pursuing organically.
