Adena Friedman: Sure. Why don’t I – I’ll actually start with having Michael just make sure he clarifies the index revenue discussion that he had of the fourth quarter versus the first quarter if you want to provide any clarification, Michael? And then I will answer the broader question, Rich.
Adena Friedman: Okay. Yes. And in terms of the broader question, Rich, we obviously are extremely proud of the growth that we’ve been experiencing in our Investment Intelligence segments. And we are so pleased by the level of investor interest in our indexes and we do think that our index franchise generally does lean into the future of the economy. So we are very pleased with that. I think we also are seeing solid growth across market data and the analytics businesses and that are more stable, but also just really, really strong. So whether or not you are asking whether we would change our medium to long-term outlook for the business, I think that we are maintaining our medium to long-term outlook for the business on the back of the fact that index values can fluctuate. But I also agree that as we continue to perform and we continue to see progress in the business, we will, of course, continue to update our outlook for that business.
Adena Friedman: Okay, great. Thanks. So on order intake, I would say that the primary driver of a lower order intake for 2020 has been the impact of the COVID situation. When we think about our engagement with our clients and particularly for those that are taking on some very significant projects with us, I think there are two things that come into play. First is the fact that many of our market infrastructure operator clients have been really, really focused on managing the capacity and resiliency in this year where they have all experienced very high volumes. And we are very proud of the fact that our technology has served them well, but they have been more focused on the here and now and some of the projects that they have been planning to do and planning to work with us on early in the year were temporarily put on hold. So we are starting to engage more productively with them as they start to think through the future. I am going into 2021. But I definitely think that was part of it. And then the second thing is that when we are engaging with new clients and we did sign, as we mentioned, we did sign 29 new clients in 2020. But it is important, in some cases, particularly with the larger ones that would drive the order intake number that they have a lot of engagement, including in-person engagement and that’s been much harder this year. So, some of those projects again have just had elongated sales cycles. So, I think it really has been a COVID impact on order intake, primarily. In terms of the margin going forward, I think the way to look at that particular situation was, it is an isolated situation. We have had actually – we have signed over the last five years 38 new clients that would be in a similar situation where they have very - they have large scale contracts, we do quarterly reviews, we have a steering board internally to track and monitor the projects and this is the only one in which we are seeing a situation where we have a loss. But in that particular case, we are recognizing that loss now, which then for the remaining life of the contract means, we will not recognize a loss, assuming it goes according to our expectations. I think though that - but it doesn’t accelerate the margin. It just – it makes it, so that this one isolated situation doesn’t have a negative impact on the margin going forward. I hope that answered your question, Dan.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So, I think on the index side, what we generally look at Alex is how much of their revenue is coming from AUM driven versus other and other is the futures trading as well as the data that comes – the index data. So when we kind of evaluate that business, we say about two-thirds of the revenue comes from AUM and about a third of the revenue comes from the futures and the data. The other thing we have said in the past is that the futures revenue could be a range of 10% to 20% of the overall. And I think that if you look at the fourth quarter, it was those numbers are generally accurate. And as obviously, every quarter, the futures revenue will fluctuate a little bit, but those types of ranges are the right way to look at it, including the fourth quarter. In terms of the market data side, I think that what we call revenue from previously unreported usage, it was up $2 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter, but was actually was lower for the year versus 2019 and so the fact that continued to show a nice performance in market data even with the lower revenues from that particular activity, I think is a testament to the strength of the business.
Adena Friedman: I think in terms of – I mean, as you know the change request revenues and kind of the change requests and other revenues there do reflect some short-term work that we do for our clients as well as other adjustments we make to agreements that can accrue to our benefit in the third quarter. So I think that those types of revenues just as they do fluctuate, the fourth quarter tends to be a higher quarter for us as people plan for us to do things before the end of the year and as we frankly work with clients to try to get commitments out of them before the end of the year. So that tends just to be a higher number for any particular – at the fourth quarter has to be the highest quarter. I am not sure if there is anymore color to get on that, Michael.
Adena Friedman: Sure, yes. So I think that if we look at the overall market tech business, you have got the market infrastructure operators and then we have our banks and brokers clients. And so I think it’s important as I mentioned in my comments that it’s really in the market infrastructure operator segments that we saw slowing of sales as well as the elongation of some of the significant projects. And I think that as we think about our engagement with those clients, as I mentioned also one of those clients really focused much of the year on their immediate needs to make sure that they were managing to capacity and resiliency in managing to current trading levels. And so if they were planning to do some enhancements or changes or upgrades, they kind of put those plans on hold. I think also, they know that as they go forward with those plans, they want to be able to have the right focus from their customers and their customers are also dealing with these elevated trading volumes. So, to put on them an upgrade in the middle of that, I think was also something they were hesitant to do. So as we exited 2020 and we are starting to – we are starting to see more engagement from those clients saying, we can’t put these things off wherever and that’s starting to engages us, but I would have to say still is not at the levels that we are experiencing before COVID I think last year. I think also some of the new markets clients that were very active and engaged with us are continuing to engage with some of them have hit funding issues or just as they are looking at launching their products or waiting until more normalized environment. So, those are the things that are – that’s the color behind that. On the banks and broker side though and this actually plays into the Verafin question, we actually continue to see nice healthy engagement, healthy growth and also it’s a SaaS based delivery. So, it’s a much easier thing for the clients to take and to integrate, whether it’s our surveillance or our trade execution solutions. And so that was – had a more, I would say more of a normal environment as well as some increased demand for surveillance as the clients went online went to the remote setting and they had to add users to make sure that they had proper coverage. I think that then plays into the Verafin question, which is there more aligned with the banks and brokers where it’s a SaaS based cloud based delivery. So, it’s the right implementation for the clients and they continued to have a lot of engagement with banks and brokers managing through their anti-financial crime program. So, they didn’t see the same level of impact as we did see at the market infrastructure operator clients and I think that they had a solid entity here. So, we feel good about their progress and their momentum going into 2021.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So I think that it’s worth noting that of the 316 IPOs that we have last year, I believe, 184 of operating companies and we had – we were actually very proud of the fact we had an 82% or 86% win rate for this company’s listings as well and then the remainder was back. And as we go into 2021, we are continuing to see a very healthy activity level in terms of listings of both operating companies and SPACs, particularly SPACs. But I think that when we look at our pipeline, we have a longer view of operating company potentials versus SPACs. SPACs tend to come to market quickly tend to engage with us quickly and we don’t have as much line of sight. So, we probably really only have some level of understanding of the demand for SPACs in the first quarter. And then our line of sight really diminishes, I think with our operating companies who tend to have a little bit of a longer view. So, my answer to the question is that we have a very active pipeline in both SPACs and operating companies. And I would say, SPACs for the next several weeks probably and in terms of we don’t see beyond that. And with operating companies, we certainly see a healthy pipeline through the first half of the year. And then we will have to see how the markets continue to develop. But as you know, the market and the performance of the market does have an impact on when companies tend to go out. So, assuming a benign market environment, we should have a pretty healthy first half.
Adena Friedman: Well, I mean, for as many companies that are going public, there are still thousands of private companies. And as we said, even with a really active IPO environment last year, we had 90 private market programs and it was a record for us. So, I think that we shift in that there is just a lot of companies out there. Some of them are ready for the public markets and some are preferring to stay private and the great thing is that Nasdaq has the ability to serve both of them.
Adena Friedman: Alright. So, first of all, we don’t disclose specific revenue related to Nasdaq private market. It is part of the listing sub-segments that we don’t separately disclose that. So we can make that available to you. But I would say that the nature of the revenue is primarily variable, you are correct. It’s basically – you got paid for the programs that we execute on behalf of our clients, the tender program. So, it is not as recurring in nature as the listings business is, but the quantum of that is it’s a very – it is a small percentage of our listings business overall, just to say.
Adena Friedman: Sure, yes. So as we engage with our clients, actually, their clients and our clients have been very positive. So I think that if we think about the Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks that we serve with our anti-financial crime technology, particularly our surveillance technology, we have had a lot of good calls from clients saying want to learn more. It’s just a product that could apply to us how are you going to integrate that in with your capital markets offering etcetera? So these are great questions to be getting from our customers before we even closed the deal. I think as we mentioned when we announced the deal, there is a journey to take with Verafin to continue to advance the product to get them ready to sever the largest banks in the world, but that is obviously our mission and our joint vision for the business. And so that will be an area, our significant area of investment and our primary area of investment is to continue to advance the platform to be able to serve the largest banks over time and that’s a big part of why we bought it. So it’s great to know that our clients are very interested in engaging with us from already. I think the second thing on their clients is I think they do appreciate us as a high integrity player we have obviously a strong presence in the market, we have a strong balance sheet, we have the ability to really manage the business together. And I think that they are very pleased with us as the partner to Verafin going forward.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, with the Market Abuse or what we call MARs, that is definitely been – it has been over the last few years, actually a good catalyst for our sales of our surveillance solutions to the brokerage community, and also as the buy-side has been managing through that change, it also definitely opens doors to conversations in sales for the cybernetics or what we’re now calling our buy-side surveillance solution. We are making good traction with the buy-side surveillance solution in terms of sales, and it’s been, I would say, that we’ve had a relatively good momentum year there. But it’s still a very small part of our business. So – and it a small acquisition, and it continues to be an area where we are making sure we are tailoring it to the needs of the buy-side, I would say, that the original product was – is a great product, but wasn’t quite tailored to what the buy-side specific needs were. So, we have spent the last couple of years really engaging with customers and making sure that we have a solution that really meets their needs, and now we’ve had more sales momentum. But it continues to be small, but we’re optimistic there.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thank you. Well, in closing, Nasdaq’s fourth quarter and full year of 2020 performance was solid and we are starting 2021 with strong momentum. And our leadership team remains focused on executing our technology led strategy to deliver for our stakeholders and I look forward to our continued discussions throughout the year on the progress that we will be making against those strategic priorities. So thank you very much for your time today.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, thanks Adena. So, on Verafin, we said consistently what we said when we announced the transaction that the 2021 revenue we would anticipate to be in excess of $140 million. But there is the couple of adjustments and the first adjustment is that obviously we will have to adjust that for the timing of the closing which we do anticipate to be in Q1. So, the 140 is a full year number and so we just have to prorate that accordingly for the amount and once we close the transaction. Secondly, we currently estimate that the purchase price address from either deferred revenue which will be reflected in our results will come off of that $140 million or the prorated $140 million in the first year as well. And so we estimate that there will be a $35 million reduction to that adjusted number in the first year of results.
Michael Ptasznik: Well, it’s technically over the first 12 months or so and again, we are finalizing the adjustments, we will be able to provide more updates on that in the next quarter results. So we will be able to fine tune that number a little better, but it’s over the first 12 months. So, it could flow into 2022, but only really through Q1 since we expect the transaction to close in the first quarter.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes. Just the actual number was $7 million for the quarter, Alex in the market data and again, really it’s coming from sales of the product to new clients is one of the big drivers of the market data business.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, I think we said that last quarter that we wouldn’t necessarily provide that on a regular basis going forward. And so the two-thirds numbers is the number to keep in mind.
Michael Ptasznik: Well, I think if you look historically, that is very consistent that the fourth quarter from a seasonality standpoint is the highest and it really is driven by change requests, even if things are later this year relative to others in the full year concept on a full year basis relative to Q3, Q4 is always the highest quarter.
Michael Ptasznik: So, the 3% of FX is really a combination of the weakening of the dollar relative to the SEK and the euro. And we – in the guidance that we provided, we are really looking at kind of current spot rates is how we develop those estimates and that’s where we come up with the delta there, but it has been fairly significant relative to the average for last year. And then there is always ability to make some level of adjustments. I think it’s important that we want to continue to invest in the business and continue to grow it for the future, which is where a lot of our investments are is to build those new products and capabilities. But obviously, if they are – as you saw the fourth quarter where we had some increases in marketing spend and some other comp related items then periods where things were slowed down, then there are certain factors that will adjust accordingly, but I don’t want to take away from the required investment going forward.
