Lee Shavel: Yes, certainly, Rich. So what you see is about $14 million of overall merger and strategic initiative expenses. And to give you some color of the composition around that that about $5 million of that $14 million is due real estate consolidation. Thomson Reuters had real estate in London. We did as well. We’ve consolidated that into a new facility. So there’s about $5 million of reserves that we are taking on that front. From a severance standpoint, we have severance expenses associated with Thomson Reuters and eSpeed. That’s approximately $3 million associated with that business. We have legal and consulting fees. As we’ve talked about the integration of these businesses, given the geographic scope, are fairly complex. So we have legal expenses of about $3 million as well. We also have some transition services arrangements with Thomson Reuters that will phase out over time. Those are not – they are duplicative expenses currently that fall within that merger category. That’s about $1 million as well. And then, we also had expenses related to the integration of the NOS clearinghouse with our Nordic clearinghouse in Stockholm. So, those are the elements and the rough amounts included in that $14 million.Richard Repetto – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay. Thanks for the color. And, again, congrats on the strong quarter.
Lee Shavel: And on the first question, the NLX initiative continues to have approximately a $0.04 to $0.05 impact per quarter for the business.
Lee Shavel: Hi, Ashley.Ashley N. Serrao – Credit Suisse: Doing well. I just want to start off on the NASDAQ private market. It’s definitely an exciting initiative for you. I was hoping you could quantify how much you invest in today and then as we think about you coming up the possibility curve and that longer term, is it fair to expect similar margins to your core listing business.
Lee Shavel: I think rate volatility is clearly the largest driver instantaneous driver of volume in the market place. But tapering will be a helpful contributor to increased volume in the marketplace. So we expect after October that’s a more positive environment for us and then the fuels of the fire will be rate volatility.
Robert Greifeld: How are you doing, Jillian?Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Good. With respect to the treasury business, Dealerweb launched its electronic on-the-run platform in June and they’ve said they are trading about $30 billion a day, which looks to be almost half of what you guys did in the second quarter. So, just wanted to get a sense from you, what you are hearing from clients about the platform. And any additional color on the new competitive dynamics you are seeing in the space would be helpful.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely. And tying back to my prepared comments, it was a very strong quarter and somewhat exceptional in the light of the transaction business challengers we had. But what’s really exciting is that we’re really not hitting on all cylinders at this point in time and each and every one of our businesses has room to improve upon its execution. Clearly in the Corporate Solutions business we are making progress, but we have a long way to go. So we’re on a proper live path. We feel good about where we’re going and we’re primarily excited about the great opportunity. So I think you should not say 2015, but we expect quarter-after-quarter to make improvements and the team is in place and doing a very good job about that.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks.
Robert Greifeld: So on your first question, I think you’ve got that precisely correct in terms of the expectations that the audit fees will moderate for the balance of the year. In terms of the charges, and I would just emphasize that particularly with the Thomson Reuters deal, this is a large, complex, global integration. And so, as we work to integrate and migrate onto new product platforms, new building systems and we integrate the employees there is an ongoing level of associated one-time charges. Now, our expectation is that really that will begin to phase out over the balance of 2014. And then once we’re through that the bulk of those expenses will be done and will be into a steady state at that point. So, that would be the direction I’d give you in terms of what we view as reaching a normalized level of operating expense and you won’t see as much of a gap at that point between our GAAP and our non-GAAP numbers. Michael Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Robert Greifeld: I’ll start with the second part of your question, let Lee answer the first part. So, we started with a general rebate, which was applicable through the entire day. And, then, as we evolved we broke it to a morning session and an afternoon session. And just in the last week we evolved to the point where the rebate is tied to basically an hourly contribution to our liquidity and it has had the desired effect. If you look at the graph, now we have a more steady state of liquidity in the market and it does mirror the incumbent market share with respect to how liquidity is distributed. So, we feel very good about that change.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I kind of hint to that at the last question .So, the point I will make is that you have on the Reg ATS today DART trading and DART governance and the two do not have to be joined at the hip. So, certainly we think there is opportunities for us to bring two customers some of the darkness in the marketplace where it’s appropriate, but more importantly, allow for lid governance. So you’ll see us positioning our products along those lines.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, the first thing is we do have to continue to diversify our customer base, we obviously have a core group of customers who support us. And I think in the second quarter we made substantial progress and basically advancing the dialog with expanded base of customers. Clearly the buy side is where we have to resonate with our message. And what the market share does for us, it’s really in many ways your advertising budget, because there’s not a person in the community who is not aware of what NLX is doing, and that can generate positive reinforcement cycle where more people get interested, more people get interested and the market share goes higher. So we’re in that process right now. So we’re making progress, we have a long way to go, but we’re happy with how it’s progressing. And with respect to your second part of your question, clearly the open interest has to build for us to provide real cross margining benefits to our customers, so I think that’s a second order impact of having success in the core product.
Robert Greifeld: I think so. And certainly we’re pleased to see that we’re going forward with pilots, I think the information there will be I think quite useful and hopefully drive market structure forward on a data driven basis. I certainly believe that transparency wins and you see I think based upon what’s happening in the industry today and really around the world that people generally come to that conclusion, and that we will be good for our business model, and as I said before, I think in the interim there are great opportunities for us and we intend to pursue them aggressively.Niamh Alexander – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.:  Okay, I’ll get back in line. Thank you.
Robert Greifeld: Well, obviously there’s one we think the revenue opportunity in NPM for a given market cap size companies is larger than it is in the public market based upon the suite of product and services we’re bringing to market. So if I have a company that has a theoretical $50 million market cap, it might represent a 1x opportunity as a public company, we think as a private company could represent a 2x opportunity for us. We also recognize that the market size is dramatically larger than the market size of companies who want to become public. I think in our Investor Day, we showed in the order of magnitude approaching 10 to one. Whether it’s 10 to one or five to one, it’s just a large opportunity for us. The progress we made in the last six months with the Bruce and Nelson leading the effort has been, I think outstanding and as I said in my prepared remarks, you’ll be hearing more about some of those successes in the not-too-distant future.Ashley N. Serrao – Credit Suisse: Okay. Switching gears to your other growth initiatives on the index business it has been a good business for you for the past few years. But if I just look at asset growth what the – call it like past few quarter, two, three. It seems like it’s slowing down a little, so I just want to get your updated thoughts on the way you are looking at your opportunity set there and what should we expect.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think, one, it’s been an incredibly strong performance from the Index business over the last number of years, and it’s definitely a opportunity set that knows no bounds, and I think it ties back to one of the reasons of being sitting here, because we do have a great opportunity in that business and in others. So we certainly think that a passive investing is a trend line, it’s a growth driver over a long period of time and we’re properly positioned, as we said before we’ve invested in the technology, we have the ability to go toe to toe with any competitor on a global basis, so we are excited about that. So our long term forecast of this business is continued strong growth and being increasingly important to us as the years go by.Ashley N. Serrao – Credit Suisse: All right, thanks for taking my questions.
Robert Greifeld: That’s a great question. So, as I said we are edging up in market share, we think it’s correlated with the data center move and the improvements in the technology. We have launched the bills product less than two weeks ago, I mean last week really. And to go over 1 billion approaching 2 billion (indiscernible) first couple of days is very strong, so we have a series of product planned after – after bills, another products what I call instantaneous home runs, but will build up on the franchise, we also operate with the belief that as we deliver more value-added solutions to our customers such as the bills product that has the ability to have a somewhat halo effect on us in the core benchmark treasury operations. I think as new products are successful, that successful we’re down back to our core benchmark treasury operations, and so we are happy, and it’s also changing the dynamics of our customer relationship. Because we are in fact delivering to them in their challenging times products they can dramatically reduce their cost associated with their voice brokerage operation, and they are appreciative of that, so it’s working.
Robert Greifeld: So the bills price so, one we only have one product out, it’s been out for a week So, it’s certainly early days but it’s a separate fees schedule for the bills product independent to the benchmarks.
Robert Greifeld: Right. That is a very good question. So, one is, I think we have recently seen some uptick in the open interest. But to me it’s fairly straight forward to the extent that we have new participants and new meaningful participants who want to come onto the platform and are sincerely expressing that desire to us. And the amount of these participants would get us to a step function change to where we are today. Then it’s our job to provide that platform to them. To the extent that, the participants, the customers – potential customers are saying they are not interested and where we are today is not sustainable then that’s clear-cut. So the good news side is that we are still engaged with, engage customers or prospects who want to talk to us, who want to get involved with the platform in many respects cheer us on. They want to see a competitive dynamic in the marketplace. And as I said previously our market share is starting to resonate with the buy side community and at the end of the day that is really the source of sustainability the efforts. So as the balloon is filling with air our job is to help that happen to the extent that is not the case. Then we know what we have to do.
Robert Greifeld: All right, so that’s the question we resolute all the time and never come up with an answer. And that is what should volumes be and what really be. So, we have educated guesses that we use internally as we through our budgeting process. Kind of measure that clearly drives volume is volatility. But once you get the volatility you say okay what is making volatility change in the marketplace. So our volumes are strongly correlated to volatility. And if you are looking for one measure but that only gets you the first step. Having them predict what volatility will look like. Then you get into questions of what drives volatility and certainly we see consumer confidence is a number that tends to correlate. Further you always volume over time. But so we don’t really know, we have guesses, we think with respect to the volumes we see in the marketplace today, I wouldn’t call a perfect storm, but you have a lot of bad drivers in the marketplace today, so if we change any of those it will have a positive impact on volumes and so we certainly operate thinking what the low end of the cycle.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think, actually, the sterling volumes have been relatively robust as compared to Euribor, but I would say that the incentive schemes originally probably drove people to Euribor as opposed to sterling at that time. So, I think it’s customer will and also how the platform was positioned.
Robert Greifeld: Lot of information to cover there. So one is we clearly will become more efficient and effective when the new billing platform is out there and it’s rolled out in Europe. It’s going to Asia in very short order and then coming to the States in the couple of months. So far so good with that. The organization is anxious to have that. And we’ve completed some of the transition services agreement with Thomson, which puts more things under our control. From a competitive point of view, the way I look at the world is that we are unparalleled in the breadth of products we bring to market. So there’s nobody who can compete with us chapter and verse. Our job is to make sure that each of our products, one, are integrated together and add synergistic value to each other. And that’s what our new platform efforts will bring to us. We do that. Then we’ll standalone. I also believe that we will always have point solution competitors. Some will be coming out of the garage, small focused software companies that come up with a great point solution. Our job is to make sure we’re as nimble as they are and are responsive to them. They will never represent a broad threat, but they are there and whatever revenue they want, we want to make sure we get it ourselves. So I think that’s the world we kind live in for the number of years. If we execute successfully, we get to define our own future and we’re focused on doing that.
Robert Greifeld: I think it’s relatively stable. We have some pricing power in some other products. We use some of that in the second quarter. But we make sure that we’re delivering value to our customers is kind our hallmark here. So to the extent that we have pricing power, it should be because we’re delivering superior value to our customers there, but I think the pricing trends are relatively stable.
Robert Greifeld: I think Lee said, well, in the beginning, Gaston. It really depends. I’ve said previously that seems to me it’s a good time to be a seller. Some of the evaluations from our point of view seem to frothy. But to the extent there was a good acquisition opportunity that represented compelling value to our investors and certainly we would be interested. But we also know in the normal course of business share buybacks and dividends are standard practice here. But I would just leave you with a dominant thought that I started with in my comments. :Gaston Ceron – Morningstar Equity Research: Great. Thank you.
Robert Greifeld: Well, thank you everybody for your time today. As I said, this is a very strong quarter. We continue to execute across different business segments and we’re excited about what the future has to bring. We have an incredibly strong, disciplined management team and we will continue to deliver to you, our investors. So, thank you for your time today and look forward to getting together with you during the quarter and certainly in the call at the end of the third quarter. So thank you.
