Lee Shavel: Sure. So the simple answer, Rich, is that, in the third quarter the biggest component of our expenses is compensation. And we are constantly evaluating where we are relative to our overall goals within the business. And in the third quarter, as you saw, our revenues were down on an absolute basis and that influences our performance goals, and we effectively had to reduce our overall expectations for our compensation. That had the biggest impact on the overall expense level. That's obviously something going into the beginning of the quarter, when we set our expense guidance. We don't have perfect insight into. And so over that quarter that's the primary influence. There was also an impact of foreign exchange, which also reduced the dollar value of our foreign expenses, due to a decline in the dollar, SEK rate. And then we also had what I would describe as some sequential year changes, particularly related to some retirement in pension liabilities that were approximately $4 million associated with that. So if that's what contributed to I think a particularly strong reduction in this year-over-year period, we obviously can't anticipate fully in the fourth quarter what the performance would be, because obviously the volumes are stronger, so we may see higher expenses as a result of a more volatile operating environment.
Lee Shavel: So, Rich, a couple of things. One, as it relates to the operating margin for the Technology Solution sector, I would caution you, it's obviously a good increase from where we were a year ago. But it does reflect some of the compensation reductions that I just described in the earlier answer. And we also had a reversal of some bad debt charges that we had taken earlier in the year that it proven to be not necessary. And so that 13% level is, I would not describe as a normalized level. I think that we will probably view that more in the high single-digits levels, still representing an improvement on a year-over-year basis. And in terms of the $35 million in synergies, as we've described we're still engaged in migrating the platforms. We're still in the investment phase. And I think we have realized some portion of those savings, but I would say that we still have a significant portion to achieve, once we fully migrate it on to the other platforms. But remain very confident that we'll be able to achieve that on the timeline we described.
Lee Shavel: Yes, Ken. They are fully in the run rate and amount to approximately $3 million a quarter. That's the revenue impact.
Lee Shavel: And I just wanted to point out that we actually had -- $2 million of growth came in the U.S. listing fees year-over-year. And the European listing fees were flat over that period. So I think counter to your perception that we actually had 5% growth in U.S. listing fees.
Lee Shavel: Alex, the annual share issuance associated with eSpeed is approximately 1 million shares each year. And then from a compensation standpoint, it's generally between 2 million to 3 million shares each year.
Lee Shavel: Certainly, Jillian. To be perfectly clear what we were referring to was, our continuation extension of the subsidy that had been previously offered by the competitor. We believe that both from a relationship standpoint as well as due to associated revenue from those clients that is non-subsidized, as well as what we see the opportunity of continuing to extend those relationships, it was absolutely the right economic decision for us to continue those subsidies and that's precisely what we're referring to.
Lee Shavel: Sure. So Mike, I would say that from a Market Services standpoint, I think we generally lower levels of overall activity reflecting some of that softness that Bob described that's kind more of a traditional slowdown. Beyond that we obviously had a strong Listing business due to the continued strong IPO market and we had a mix in the Technology Solutions business, some areas of growth in the press release, in the governance products as well as some weakness on the Investor Relations products. I think, you generally would see a slower activity in the third quarter from some of those event-driven businesses like the PR business as well as the Multimedia businesses, and so I think, that probably had an overall contribution to some of the lower revenues in the third quarter. And in market data, there really isn't a lot of seasonality in that business. And with regard to Market Technology, there typically our strongest quarter is the fourth quarter; the third quarter does tend to be a little bit on the slower side. So those are the elements of seasonality that I think we saw in the business in the third quarter. And I'll hand it over to Adena for any additional color on that.
Robert Greifeld: And also just to add one thing, in the fourth quarter you traditionally see our marketing expenses are high. So we have some seasonality to expenses as we look at the fourth quarter.
Robert Greifeld: So, Rich, I would say that the business is focused right now on effectiveness and we are obviously taking some efficiency drives. But we're doing a lot of investments in certainly the next-gen product, which I referred to in my comments. And this next-gen is not just for IR, but it's really across the whole product suite that we have. We obviously have to make investments in kind of the infrastructure support. So we're pleased with the efficiency we achieved so far, but that has not been our primary goal. Right now our primary goal is to make sure this organization is effective and competitive, and really can take great opportunities with the changing product sets that we'll be delivering.
Robert Greifeld: Well, certainly, the Listings business is I think, you and most people on the call know, but I'll repeat anyway. We recognize the revenue, the initial listing fee, over six years. So that's a muted impact up and down.
Robert Greifeld: We're certainly pleased with the progress of NLX. You see market share in the teens in Euribor. And just in the last week or two, you saw the Schatz market share go up into mid-to-high single-digits. So we're pleased with that point. And I'd also say that NLX has now achieved a certain level of creditability, where you see significant new players wanting to become involved with the effort. So good execution in the quarter, we continue to work away. We understand progress in this kind of new initiative is not linear, but so far so good.
Robert Greifeld: So I'll add a third dimension to your question. So, one, with respect to market share, we're not pleased with our progress there. We continue to work very hard at it. And I think our engagements with our customers are reaching new introductive levels. So I think we'll see progress in that. With respect to volumes, we got teased by a good week and one great day. This week it's back to where it kind of was. So we see the power of the franchise in rates move. We certainly are expecting good things. But we really can't control that. We watch it everyday, but we can't control it. On the new product side, we're certainly, I think executing very well. As I mentioned during our prepared remark, the bills product has gone very well. Our next product introduction is coming right around Thanksgiving, with full rollout come the first of the year, and we're excited about that. So we have a fairly robust pipeline of products. We want to stage them, and make sure each and every one of the rollouts is as successfully executed as the bills was. So market share, we've got some work to do. Volume were teased, but nothing that seems to be staying with us. And third, the product introduction has been well done so far.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, what Ed is referring to is NASDAQ Basic, really, it has the ability and it's been, I guess, the most successful data product in our industry in quite some time, and it does reduce our customers cost anywhere from 40% to 60%. So we're proud of that.
Robert Greifeld: A good question. Something we obviously deal with all the time in our transaction businesses. So we did see some decline in share, but it was certainly not directly correlated to revenue. And that the share we lost was from volume that was most attractively priced there. So I think we're doing a very good job of optimizing those two dimensions, and we pay attention to it all the time.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I'd say is when you look at the broad sweep of regulation across the globe, there is a strong trend line towards some trade at type or trade at equivalent type of rule and that's applying to most developed market. So I would certainly predict that in the fullness of time here in the U.S., you're going to see an evolution of the market structure rules, hopefully aided and informed by the results of the Tick Pilot. But I'd also say that here at NASDAQ OMX, we're focusing on the world that exists today and making sure that we can compete and better serve our customers. And if you've been following our daily midpoint liquidity, product and services has been growing in popularity and that's allowing our customers to get price improvements mostly in the dark, but it is price improvement in the context of the rule sets of an exchange, so we're proud about that. So when you think about where we're going to go, we certainly will be a strong advocate for market structure changes. I think we'll improve our market, but we're also going to be quite pragmatic about making sure we do things today that work within the construct of the current rule set.
Robert Greifeld: The answer is no change in our strategy. And I think, the point that I want to emphasize is that, as I've said a couple of times, we want to be opportunistic on the share repurchases. As you saw in the second quarter with the impact of the Flash Boys, we were very aggressive in that quarter. In the third quarter, I think you saw a pretty steady trend upwards in the stock price. There weren't a lot of pull backs for us to be aggressive opportunistically. And then clearly in October, as we've disclosed given some of the downdraft in the global markets, we saw an opportunity to be more aggressive. So overall, we continue to remain committed to this as a significant means of returning capital shareholders. We continue to believe, that at these valuations, there are very good returns on capital for it, but we also want people to understand, we're going to be opportunistic quarter-to-quarter and so that will create some variances. But overall, the share repurchase authorization is emblematic of our continued commitment to do that when the opportunities exist.
Robert Greifeld: Excluding the market data, which I think is the big impact, for this year-over-year period, we would be looking at 2% organic growth on a year-over-year basis. And I think that reflects some of the seasonality, and meaning that I think that this recognize it's a year-over-year comparison, that we feel, as though that it was a slower summer this year relative to last year that is contributing to some extent, but again, its one quarter. If you look at our year-to-date performance for the non-transactional businesses, we still are within the guidance range that we have, that we've set.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. We haven't disclosed that. I would say, obviously, we're focused on making sure the product is good as they can be. The market itself is quite large, but certainly we would aspire to have a double-digit growth rate in that business.
Robert Greifeld: One, I would say it will certainly be a component of our revenue growth and we really look at how are we delivering value to our customers, and then are we being properly compensated for that value. So the listing business, we have spent a lot of time and effort growing the suite of product and services we offer to our issuers, and we had not raised prices for quite sometimes that was more than fair. And I think the uptake from our customers is representative of their view of that. And we do have the grand opening of our new market site coming up in the next two weeks, so we're excited about that. So there is pricing capability, but we do it based upon how are we delivering value to customers.
Robert Greifeld: Well, when you innovate and you're doing something that your competitors cannot do or will not be able to do for quite some time, then obviously you have more pricing power. So when you look at how we're investing in our future, and we're doing a number of things I classify that are blue ocean, where there is not a strong competition, and we're going to spaces where people don't exist. Today, that has the ability to have strong pricing power and strong margins. And you had even the seasonal slowdown a strong margin in the third quarter. So we expect that to continue and hopefully improve.
Robert Greifeld: Well, first I would say is the context is somewhat different between equities and equity option. So the market structure in equity options is different. There is internalization within the exchange itself, and all option trades really have to be traded on exchange. And in that internalization or allocation process, there is relative competitive advantages that are somewhat price insensitive. So we recognize that as a context, but clearly it's a competitive world in the options marketplace. You correctly identify there will be some non-public rational competitors. We've been in this movie before. I think we have a well-trained management with Hans-Ole and Tom, and the rest of the folks who will know how to play the game of chess and the optimization between profitability and market share. Now, as I've said previously, it's something we think about on a regular and consistent basis, and we definitely look for the proper balance. And I think based upon some of the share we won at the cash rate -- the share we lost and the cash rate we're receiving for that, I think it was the proper decisions.
Robert Greifeld: So, one, I would say, the basic model for NPM is that a company that's on NPM should generate 2x the revenue then we get from a similarly situated company that's on the public market. And that's in consideration of the nature of trading that will exist on NPM and how it will be conducted. And obviously, the services we'll offer to these private companies that are not always germane to a public company. So that clearly will be material to us overtime, as these product and services grow and the companies grow. So right now, we're obviously focusing on getting our experience in running liquidity programs for these companies and also developing our product with cap table management, because that is really probably the first thing they are interested in is to maintain control of their shareholder registry. And in addition to running a direct service we can offer that through our liquidity programs there. So in terms of when this will be meaningful, we haven't clearly articulated that. But I think the thing to watch is how many companies we have and capture per that level of company relative to public market. And I think they'll be surprised at the comparisons we can bring forward in the quarters to come.
Robert Greifeld: Well, thank you everybody for your time today. As we said, we had a seasonally slow quarter, aggressive expense management. Also you saw again the diversity of our business model, where three quarters of the revenue is recurring, resulting in any difficult quarter record-tying earnings. Fourth quarter has started at a lot stronger pace. We do hope that it continues. But regardless to that, we continue to execute upon our chosen business pathways here. And as I said previously and in the remarks, we see more opportunities in front of us right now for growth in this institution that we have seen really since I have been here. So we're excited about what we've accomplished in third quarter, look to do even better in the quarters to come. And I thank you for your time.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Just a couple of additional details. With regard to the Market Technology business, in the third quarter we tend to find that our clients request and execute fewer minor enhancements to their systems that we tend to work with them on, so our minor -- what we call our client request revenue tends to be lower in the third quarter, just based on vacations and other things happening among our client base. And then with regard to the Corporate Solutions, as you mentioned, Lee, also in relation to the fact that over the summer, it tends to be a slower period for a lot of corporate clients, that means that they request fewer multimedia events, they request fewer things where we provide service and get paid on more of a one-time basis as opposed to the recurring revenue streams for most of our products there.
Adena Friedman: I think that in the fourth quarter of last year we did have some significant new business coming into the Market Technology business. And in terms of the fourth quarter of this year, there are certainly some opportunities there, but we don't have any like major new clients coming online with a full solution in the fourth quarter of this year. But otherwise, no, there is nothing else.
Adena Friedman: We had significant kind of enhancement revenue in the fourth quarter of last year. We always have seasonality to that. I think the fourth quarter of last year was particularly strong. But otherwise I think that we will find that generally business is usual across on both the parts of the business.
