Adena T. Friedman: Thanks, Michael. As we have discussed, we are very pleased with the operating performance of the business despite a difficult first quarter volume environment. Our market share is improving. Our Market Tech business continues to experience strong demand and performance, and our other businesses are progressing well. We also have continued our efforts to provide healthy returns back to shareholders with our increased dividend. We look forward to continued success, as we progress through the year. And with that, we will turn the call over to questions.
Adena T. Friedman: Hey, Rich. Thanks for the question. So I think the first thing I would say is we were very, very cognizant of the low volume environment in the first quarter and therefore we managed our expenses well into that environment. And as Michael mentioned, we do have things that we're going to be doing throughout the year, as the revenue continues to grow and as we continue to implement on our initiatives that will create some natural increase in the expenses. In terms of the synergies, we are, as you pointed out, very well underway in achieving our full-year synergies, but at this point, I think we're very confident in our ability to achieve the $60 million, but we're not increasing that guidance right now.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So I think that one of the things to point out is, as we made a price increase in listings a couple of years ago and as part of that price increase, we also eliminated for certain issuers the listing of additional shares fees, so that has been running off because that's a fee structure that amortizes over four years. So, that's been running off, as we've enjoyed a higher level of fees coming in from our listed companies, and so there was a significant increase in listing fees in 2015. And that, we then have another list that we've already announced that comes into play in 2018. This year, however, has just been an interesting year where in 2016, as Michael mentioned, we had a lot of M&A activity that created de-listing activity against a relatively weak U.S. IPO market last year. So obviously, we hope to continue to see a better trend in terms of new IPOs coming to market and hopefully some level of abatement of some of the M&A activity, which then will create a better net listing story for us. The other thing just to point out for Q1 and it's a dynamic that specifically occurs in the Nordics. Nordic revenues from new listings tends to come in earlier in the process. We don't amortize these listing fees onto the same degree and there's other fees that come into play when we get new listings, and Q1 was a quieter quarter for the Nordics. But we do see a very strong pipeline of listings coming into the Nordics throughout the year, but that also just created just a lower quarter in terms of listing revenue.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, I think that what we provided is an outlook of generally mid- to high-single digits growth in the Market Technology business. We obviously got off to a great start in the first quarter in terms of revenue as well as order intake and recognize that the first quarter is usually a pretty quiet quarter for that business in terms of, what we call, short-term revenue or kind of change requests and things that come in. We have a – usually fourth quarter is a very active quarter in terms of that type of revenue and first quarter tends to be a seasonally low quarter for that. So, that should pick up as we go through the year. At the same time, we have extremely strong demand frankly coming from all elements of the business. It's actually – it feels great in terms of understanding what our clients are looking for and how they want to continue to advance their market, and then frankly our new technologies and what we're able to do to deliver for them, I think that we are matched up extremely well with what our clients are needing going forward. So we feel very good about the demand from our existing clients in terms of extending and expanding existing contracts as well as from new clients as they are looking at ways to make their – streamline their infrastructure and take more advanced technology at the same time. So I have to say it does feel very good right now in terms of the demands for our services.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, I think that there are two components to the index revenues that are worth mentioning. One is AUM – kind of basis points on AUM and that differs by index in terms of – some of our indexes command higher fees than others, so that's one component. And the other component is the futures trading revenue off of the queues. And in the quarter, we saw a 40% drop in futures volumes on the queues, which created a downward pressure in that revenue stream against, I think, solid growth within the AUM-related revenues. And we did see significant – I would say that the queues in particular had a strong AUM quarter and they tend to have slightly lower fees as compared to our smart beta indexes that have higher fees associated with them. So while we saw really strong AUM growth, it's not going to be a one-for-one in terms of AUM growth and revenue. It does depend on the composition of the growth, but I would say that the futures volumes have created an offset to overall AUM revenue growth for the quarter.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah, that's a lot of questions. I mean I don't have the specific numbers that you are asking for around addressable market, but I can give you color around that right now. And I think that with regard to the overall addressable market, you're right that we have some clients to really take almost every service we have to offer, but only a few, I would say a small handful of clients take the full gamut of what we have to offer and then there are a lot of other clients that might just use us for derivatives or might just use for trading and not for clearing. And so, what we find is that as we continue to develop our relationships with our clients, they're realizing that they might have only used us for trading in the past and they now need a new clearing infrastructure or they're really looking at a complete redo of their post trade infrastructure and are looking to work with us on both clearing and CSD. So the clearing, I would say post trade infrastructure has been the strongest demand among existing clients in terms of expanding our relationships and growing the footprint within our existing clients. In terms of trading, I would say that that's where new clients like NYIAX and we've had a couple of other new clients come on board on the trading. And then of course, as we continue to work on our Project Ocean (37:58) initiatives that then expands our ability to offer up our trading and operations capabilities into the broker-dealer community and the demand for that continues to be very strong. Those contracts just like any other Market Tech contract takes a while to develop, but we are in active dialog with several large broker-dealers around the use of our technology for that purpose. So I would say, in the core Market Tech that's where we see kind of the demand developing in SMARTS, I think there are two areas of growth. One is, frankly, we just continue to get penetration, and the growth there has been double digits for a long time. I think that's the second, though, is that as we have built out a market intelligence suite around e-com's compliance, we are really building up a nice pipeline, but also going into production now with a couple of clients on kind of a more holistic approach to surveillance both e-com's compliance matching up with trade surveillance. And then the third area of growth for us is in the buy side, which is a total blue ocean kind of opportunity for us to bring all of our SMARTS Surveillance capabilities into the buy side, and we have a growing pipeline there, but that's a longer term growth opportunity for us.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah, I would agree that we would like to be able to get to a higher sustainable growth rate in that business. Where we've seen strong growth is in actually our core offerings of IR intelligence and the PR suite. So we're encouraged by the fact that some of our core offerings are really experiencing strong growth, but where we see some continued challenges is in the webcasting business, which we've discussed over the last year. And so I think that that's kind of creating a net offset to some of the stronger growth in our core solutions. We continue to look for ways to make sure that our webcasting solutions are kind of turning into a growth opportunity for us. In terms of the quality of what we do, we are at, I would say, the highest end of quality in terms of our webcasting capabilities, and we want to continue to integrate those solutions into the rest of our offering to make them more part of an integrated solution. So there are things we're going to do to continue to try to create a growth opportunity there. We are encouraged by the core growth in the offerings where we've been investing the most. We are very pleased to see the level of demand that's developing in those products. In terms of as we continue to go through the year, just to give you a little color on the business itself, we are going through some tech implementations in our PR business in terms of moving everyone onto the Globenewswire platform and that's well underway, as we've been doing the Marketwired integration, and that's been positively received. We also are going to be slower, and this is intentional and modeled slower in terms of integrating our board solution clients just to make sure that we do it in a very measured way. But again, we're seeing really strong demand in growth there as well. In terms of the other area of migration has been in our webhosting platform and we're well underway in migrating everyone to a much more advanced solution. But throughout all of these migrations and integrations, we are building out kind of a fundamental platform that will allow us to share content across our solutions, particularly as we get into 2018 and we do think that will actually create a stickier offering to all of our current clients and continue to give us more of an opportunity to elevate further into the C-Suite and that I think will hopefully be a significant growth catalyst as we get into 2018. So I think we talked about this at the Investor Day last year actually, in March, that we have this march to an integrated platform solution and we are on track, but it does carry us into 2018 as we continue to create a more full service solution for our clients.
Adena T. Friedman: So I mean I think that there will be some impact. We're still assessing exactly what that would be and they obviously have to go through and I'm sure they have certain assumptions, but we have some work to do just to make sure that we fully understand it. It's not going to be significantly material, but as we said, consolidation in the HFT industry could have some impact on our maybe data and connectivity services, and at the same time, what we have found is when there has been consolidation in the industry in the past, it tends to give rise to new players and so the net of it has usually been a lot more muted than what you would expect in terms of initial impact, and that's just – by the nature of the industry frankly is usually when there's consolidation, someone else sees it as an opportunity to get in and that has been the history of our business. So we see it as – on a netted basis, we're not particularly concerned, but we definitely obviously are evaluating it right now.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So the corporate ventures actually is at the corporate level and it has more to do with developing an investment team that looks at taking minority stakes in new technology companies. And we would take – what we've announced is that we would expect those stakes to range anywhere from less than $1 million to around $10 million, so it depends on how early stage versus late stage we get into the investment. They will be oriented towards technology companies as well as any obviously new ventures that we believe will be accretive to our business over time. We will only be looking at technology companies that provide a strategic benefit to Nasdaq. So an example of a similar type of investment we've made, we made an investment in a company called Chain, which is a blockchain solution and we are integrating Chain into our blockchain solution through the NFF. We also have made an investment in a company called Digital Reasoning, which is a machine learning company, and we're integrating that capability into our SMARTS offering. So those are the types of investments we would look to do at the corporate level. It won't be sitting within Corporate Services. And so I think that we've just announced that it's going to be a more organized effort going forward and we will have a very specific process around evaluating those opportunities. In terms of the NPM ALT initiative, this is kind of a brand new thing. There is no one out there who does this today. So looking at sizing it, the number of – the amount of secondaries that have gone through the private equity industry in the last year is somewhere in the range of $60 billion. Now capturing all of that or frankly catalyzing a further ability to do secondaries and making it more organized, more efficient, more streamlined and having a true price discovery event around those trades, we think, is a huge opportunity for the industry to allow for more episodic liquidity in those funds, but it's brand new. So it's not – today that's all done through a manual broker-led process. I would say that we see this as a long-term opportunity for us. We're not investing significantly because we're able to leverage the Nasdaq Private Market. So it's all within the $40 million to $50 million that we've announced in our R&D program, but it is something that we think that over time it will be one of those things that builds over time and I personally see it as kind of a five-year type of horizon in terms of really becoming a very significant part of our business, but I do want to say it is a long-term investment project for us and it is again not a significant annualized investment that we need to make in order to make it go.
Adena T. Friedman: We are actively working with our clients right now to develop out the first liquidity events. So there's two things that can happen. One is that they can just launch the ability to do a liquidity event through the platform on their existing funds, and the other would be to basically embed in the perspectives of a new fund a liquidity mechanism that allows them to do monthly or quarterly auctions within a 40 Act vehicle. So we're basically working with clients on both. If we have a client that is willing to do liquidity events on existing funds, that could be revenue that starts to come in this year. If they're putting it into their prospectus as they're going out to market, the revenue will likely start to pull in next year as they launch the fund and start to offer liquidity. But it is something that we built the platform. It's ready to go and we are actively working with a lot of clients on implementation.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. So we aren't providing specific guidance on that. It will be significantly lower than the first – on the first push just because a lot of clients did impact. Then, there were two things that happened in 2015. There was a modest price increase across all listings, and then also on top of that, certain listings opted into the all-inclusive fee, which is an incremental fee on top. So, what's going to happen in 2018 is the rest of the firms will be grandfathered into the all-inclusive fee structure, but that's going to obviously have a less impact than what happened in 2015. A lot of companies chose to opt in over the last couple of years, so every year they've been more opt-ins coming through.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Yeah, I'll actually take that question first. So we do not have another deal coming through like the Borsa Istanbul deal that will take a – do a step function increase in revenues. It is going to be more of a steady build and climb, as we implement and start to recognize revenues across new clients. And so it's not going to be lumpy like that. It's going to – we just see a continued steady – a steady climb, as we continue to implement the new clients or new services to existing clients. In terms of the Analytics Hub, we actually are really excited about what we are doing in the data space right now. In terms of – we've been working with several machine intelligence companies to look at our own data and then to introduce some interesting third-party content into the mix where we could, the way that Analytics Hub is going to work, is a client can choose just to take the third-party data, it's unusual data, data that they might want to integrate into their own models, but it's a very streamlined channel for them to get it. They have one contract with us. They have the ability to take this data in the formats they want. They can take whatever element of data that they want. You don't have to take it as like a full feed. It's super flexible. They also, if they want, can take the analytics that we build on top of it where we're taking some of the third-party content, but using machine intelligence to match up against our own trading and order data to find potential signals in our market from that combination and we can provide them those analytics as well. So it's basically just the beginning where we have several different data feeds coming in and we're working with the machine intelligence companies to find those signals, but it is something where we believe that the buy side, over time as they continue to advance their quantitative models, will want to be able to have a myriad of third-party information that they can use either in their own models or they might actually want us to deliver an analytic for them that helps them understand signals in the marketplace. So, that's the purpose of the Analytics Hub and we do have some good early demand coming from sell side and buy side clients actually for the third-party data and for the analytics, but this again is a longer term initiative for us. It's not something that'll have an immediate impact in a meaningful way in a business as large as the data business, but it will be something that we hope will continue to climb and develop into something significant for us over time.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So I think that with Market Services, I would say that immediately after completing the acquisition of ISE and CXC last year, we had a lot of non-technology-oriented synergies that we implemented, and we did that early and we did that, I think, decisively and you saw the benefit of that last year and that's coming into this year. This year, the incremental synergies in those deals are going to come from the technology implementations. We completed one in the first quarter on schedule with great quality and we're really, really proud of that, but until we continue to integrate the other two technology platforms, we won't see a material increase in the synergy opportunity until we basically have retired all of the ISE platforms at this stage. So, that will likely come later in the year. In terms of the Corporate Solutions business, there're a couple of things. Number one, there is cost that is related to revenue. And the fourth quarter is always our seasonal high in terms of revenue, always, but it also comes with it cost in terms of sales commissions, in terms of actually delivery of services in the PR business and in the webcasting business. So as we have seasonally low, our first quarter tends to be seasonally lower in terms of some elements of the business where there are direct costs associated with it. But also having said that, Stacie is doing a spectacular job of managing that business and managing the cost structure as we've been looking at both the revenue opportunities and the revenue risks in that business, and she just does a great job of managing expense base there. There is seasonal element though to the expense base that is associated with different revenue outcomes for that business.
Adena T. Friedman: No. No. I mean I would say it depends on what we buy. So when it comes to Marketwired and Boardvantage because those two businesses are literally exact replicas of what we are already doing, it's just a matter of a similar scale up. In existing businesses, there are a lot of synergies that come from that. And there are synergies across sales, service, operations and ultimately technology. The technology, of course, is the tail as we continue to implement the technology integration, but I do think that there are nice synergy opportunities. If we were to buy company, however, that is expanding our capabilities in going into new things, there will be synergies associated with back office and administration and potentially sales, but we may not have as quite as many things in terms of technology and service, but certainly the acquisitions we did last year were highly synergistic and quite intentional in that regard. I think that – but generally speaking, it is definitely a more people-oriented business. So as you look at integrations, you can look at it as where can we save on infrastructure and people.
Adena T. Friedman: Okay, great. Well, thank you all very much for all of your questions today. Obviously, we are really excited about how the business is performing and what we can do to continue to grow the business, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. So the simple way to think about it is that we have the 5.25% bonds that will be redeemed and then we will be replacing that with a CP program to a large degree, and so you can see whatever the differential rate will be, we're not going to speculate on what the CP rates might be, but you can see what the differential might be between those two to determine what the change in the interest rates would be. And then there will be some one-time expenses that will go through as a non-GAAP item that we'll book through the quarter in Q2, still finalizing what those numbers are, but we'll be in the $10 million to $15 million range most likely.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Just to clarify, the Nasdaq Ventures because that is investment based, think about it as balance sheet based and not related to the $40 million to $50 million of the R&D budget.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Just to expand a little on what Adena is saying, part of the makeup of the business as well, it's obviously much more of a people-based business and some of the reductions that we saw quarter-over-quarter related to compensation, so that's one of the key drivers as well. It's really much more people-based than it is on the other side.
