Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I would just say that as we've talked about in the past, price increases are different per product and kind of different from -- in terms of how we structure contracts with our clients within FinTech. So we don't provide you a very specific answer to that question. But I think that if we think about what we've said at least for the AxiomSL and Calypso products in the past is that about half of the revenue increase that we see in any given quarter comes from upgrades and upsells of our clients and the other half comes from new sales and price increases, the price changes we make within the contracts. Some of our contracts have CPI increases and somewhere -- what we would do is we would upsell our clients or increase price upon contract renewal. So that would mean that we would have a constant price for a period of time and then increased price on contract renewal. We do that on the basis of increased value to the clients or the fact that the clients themselves are growing and, therefore, they're getting more value out of the product. So that's -- it kind of depends on the product, Dan.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, within the quarter, as I mentioned, we had four cross-sells, and two of them were selling AxiomSL to Calypso clients. And so that really comes from the fact that we have a really strong relationship with our clients. In Calypso, they have new regulatory obligations that they're having to become ready for and they've chosen to work with us. And one of the benefits we have is that we can actually -- we have a data API connector between those two products. So we can take data directly out of the Calypso platform and feed it into AxiomSL and make it much easier to implement the AxiomSL solution for those regulatory obligations. So that is definitely helping to drive demand. We also -- in terms of our cross-sell campaigns, we have one cross-sell campaign that's really focused on our exchange clients where we have clients -- where we provide clearing technology and Calypso has amazing collateral management capabilities. And so we are working with them to show the benefits of adding the Calypso collateral management into their clearing operations. I mean, then we also have, as I mentioned, the Calypso AxiomSL. And then the third one is actually looking at our Verafin clients across the United States and offering both treasury management as well some AxiomSL regulatory reporting solutions to the broader bank community. So those are the areas where we're doing strategic campaigns, and we're definitely seeing that feeding the funnel. But also, frankly, as I mentioned in July, we have one of our great Tier 1 clients for AxiomSL and Calypso has now signed up to take Verafin. So I think the strength of our relationship with them across all of our, frankly, all of our business has been a driver of having them trust us with their anti-financial crime needs as well.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I mean I think that the best way to measure that is through ARR. So because the ARR, the contract values of the new sales are factored into ARR in terms of the annualized contract value. And so that as you see the ARR coming in, I think it's 13% across all of FinTech. And then we've given you the ARR growth for each of the subdivisions, it really does help you have a predictive effect on the subscription revenue that's coming in across those businesses going forward. And I think we give you a lot of the ARR figures both in the script and in the release and presentation. So I think that's what we look at in terms of the overall health of the business, the overall health of how we look at the forward potential of the subscription revenue. And then, of course, there is also the professional services revenues, and we try to give you some understanding of the dynamics there. As we've mentioned before, for the AxiomSL and Calypso combined properties, when we look at the overall outlook for the business, meaning some outlook for revenue, it's slightly below our ARR expectations because of the fact that professional services fees grows a little bit more slowly in general over a long period of time than the subscription revenues. But that's -- I think that's the way to kind of evaluate the business.
Adena Friedman: Yes, great. Well, first of all, today, the Tier 1, Tier 2 banks, the revenue contribution is still very small because we're still signing new clients, we're implementing them. We don't start recognizing the revenue until we implement in terms of making sure that we have them up and running. And the implementation times are ranging from, I would say, six months to a year depending on the complexity of implementation. So and most of the new sales that we've had in the Tier 1, Tier 2 space have focused on payments fraud. We also have this new consortia-based check fraud solution that's really exciting that we're definitely driving demand. And as we go into the international banks, one of the things that we've been focused on, both in Canada and the UK, is looking at payments fraud across kind of what I'll call international payments fraud into their US operations in other parts of the world. But that's where we really have this incredible strength in our business and in our solution. We can cut down false positives anywhere from, frankly, 20% to 40% depending on how they implement it. We can increase fraud found, and that's been really exciting for the banks to see. We run these proof-of-concepts to prove out the solution, and it's pretty remarkable actually as to the benefit they get. Taking that proof-of-concept and turning to a contract takes time. So we are super excited to see our latest Tier 1 signed in July. The proof-of-concept was done probably by April or so, just to give you a sense.
Adena Friedman: Yes, sure. Yes. So right now, we've actually had an increasing number of POCs and we're -- we don't give specific numbers, but it's a really healthy number of clients evaluating our solution with the proof-of-concepts that we have underway. Over time, we'd like to actually think we won't have to run as many because we'll have proven the solution out enough times across clients that it just becomes something that people fully understand and they don't necessarily need a proof-of-concept, which is why we're -- right now that number is building as we're gaining more traction, we're signing clients. More clients are curious about it and they want to understand the benefit to them. But over a period of years, we'd like to think that it will just become part of the flywheel. So I would say right now, we should continue to expect a small number of clients over a period of a year, not necessarily every quarter, as we've kind of shown, but hopefully, we're going to see more momentum and more regular signings in the years ahead. So it just -- it builds on itself. And that certainly has been the experience of Verafin over time, and they leg into a new segment of the banking industry. They'll get 1s or 2s kind of in a quarterly basis, it will start to trickle in and then it starts to become more of a regular pace. And then they start to really demonstrate the strength, particularly with the consortium data that they have that really kind of feeds on itself and, therefore, it gains momentum. But I can't give you a specific, I wish I could, give you a specific understanding of how much time that would take. But we're definitely measuring in a period of years at a time like how do we gain more momentum, how do we sign more clients in the years to come. But that's about as much color as I can give you right now.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And I just want to make sure, it was actually within the subdivision, which is the Capital Markets subdivision. Yes.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I think we've seen a modest improvement year-over-year. I think in a way, I think we've all been surprised by the fact that you've got strong market performance in general, but a continued, I would say, muted IPO environment. Now we are seeing a very good week. We have the largest IPO of the year happening today, and we had another great IPO yesterday. But I think that we still are seeing it coming trickling in like that, not necessarily a steady stream of IPOs coming to market in size. And so as we look out over the pipeline and certainly, the conversations we've had with clients, we do think that we'll continue to see a modest improvement year-over-year in the IPO environment, which, of course, last year was not a strong year. But as we -- a lot of the conversations we're having, particularly in the technology space, has been more geared towards the first half of 2025. Now that's changed, right? So if we can -- if there's some positive momentum that happens in the economy, positive things that are happening as we go through the fall, I think you could see the door opening up because more and more companies are getting ready to go out. But I'd still think a lot of them are thinking that they'll wait past the year and go in 2025.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think, first of all, we're really excited about how the index options business is developing. And I think that the trading ecosystem as well as investors are recognizing the benefits of being able to hedge their index exposure through the options market. And obviously, we've seen that with other index franchises, but now with the NASDAQ 100, we're really building momentum and leveraging both futures, where futures volumes were up 25% year-over-year a quarter, as well as in terms of the options business. And now you have more ability to do that. So very excited about where that's going. It is something where we have it as a premium part of our options franchise because I think that the benefits that our clients are getting from the hedging capabilities are very strong. And so it kind of warrants the fees that we charge there. It is not having a -- that's not having an impact on demand. The demand is really strong and continuing to grow. Now we've done a lot of work. There's been a lot of leg work over the last several years to build up an understanding of the options, how to use hedging. We have a data capability that we give out, we provide to the clients to help them understand just do a lot of analytics on it to help them understand how to use the options the right way. And so the educational process we've had, frankly, over three years, I think, is really now paying off. And we expect to continue to grow. We will be looking at additional indexes, additional indexes that we want to bring on to our index options franchise. But even now, the other thing I would mention is that there's also a really pulled flywheel back to the index business. So the index team and the options team have been working hand-in-hand to make this work really well because there's benefit back to the institutional community with index and their ability then to have better hedging tools and their ability, therefore, to adopt our index products more successfully. So that's another part of the flywheel that's coming out of this.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So I won't comment on any particular rumor that's out there. But I would just say this, we do a very detailed review every year of our capital allocation. We look at our businesses strategically, financially across several different factors and evaluate how each one of them fits into our overall client experience and making sure that we're always the right owner for the businesses. And as you've known since I became CEO, many years ago now, 7.5 years ago, we've made decisions to divest of certain businesses where either we're just not the right owner of the business because our clients are not seeing us as a strategic owner. They might see us as an owner. They definitely understand that we own the business, but they might not necessarily strategic to our franchise or we have capital allocation priorities that really skewed towards different parts of our business. In terms of you know you did mention areas of our business. I would say, I do want to say one thing. We view our Nordic business to be very strategic to Nasdaq. And I've said this on prior calls, the Nordic Exchange business, they are the best exchanges in Europe. The innovation ecosystem that exists in the Nordic is incredible and very consistent with the US. And I would say that we do a great job of operating those markets and we're really proud to be the operator of the Nordic market. The other thing is the team there is really contributes a lot to our broader technology business. So we deploy members of the Nordic team out to work and help our market tech clients around the world. We have a great set of clients in the Nordics that are now wonderful clients in our FinTech solutions. So there's a lot of strategic intersection with our Nordic business. I do want to provide a defense of that. But generally, Craig, we do this work, and we make these decisions over time because that we look at it as in terms of the long-term strategic fit to Nasdaq.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I mean, we always look at our index products that we think, as you mentioned, have really strong retail appeal, but also institutional appeal, where they're large enough and there's enough assets in there to drive liquidity into a future or an options product. And really looking at it from a hedging perspective. We have a whole range of index products beyond the NASDAQ 100. We have thematic indexes in terms of different technology trends like cloud and IT security, AI. We have thematics across different investment strategies like momentum strategies, dividend strategies, things like that. And so to the extent we think that there actually could be a trading ecosystem we could build around that, we will consider it. I don't -- we don't have any particular index product right now that we're targeting. But I would say that we do a lot of great analysis on that. And then in terms of how we structure the options and how we look at option duration, we will obviously evaluate that in the context of investor appetite and we'll work with the SEC on that when appropriate.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So I'd actually say that having early renewals is not totally unusual, right? I mean, if we call it out just because it was -- we're really excited about the fact that we had a strategic client who chose to renew early and extend their contract. And I think that it's something that we're proud of. Now with, as we mentioned, with Calypso revenue, just to remind everyone, our view is that ARR is a very good reflection of how you should look at the overall health of the business, the stability. Because of the fact that the license fees, you have half the license revenue recognized upfront and half recognized over the life of the contract. But our cash revenue, how we get the cash in the door and the overall ACV value of those contracts is better reflected in ARR. So we continue to see the ARR being very stable, very healthy. We think that's fantastic. We will have events like this early renewal that happened on occasion. We also had, as we mentioned, five new other clients, 29 upsells, all of that, Alex, contributed to the strong revenue in the quarter. But over time, I think, as Sarah was saying, over time, kind of looking at ARR is a better reflection of the overall growth characteristics of the business. I think it's a better way to look at it over time as opposed to in a single quarter.
Adena Friedman: Actually, we are seeing conversions of our clients to paying clients at the end of the free period. So that is still happening, Alex. But I think that there are other headwinds. So a few things to mention on IR services, and I would actually say this across Corporate Solutions. So the first thing is that we obviously gain new clients through IPOs, right? So that's one of the avenues for us to gain new clients, whether that's for our IR solutions or ESG solutions and our governance solutions. So that is definitely a funnel, a pipeline for us. Now some they then become paying clients on their base services over a period of two to four years, depending on the kind of the way that the IPO is structured. But we also can upsell clients in that period of time. So when you have a healthy IPO environment, you have new companies coming in, and then you're showing them the base services and you can upsell them on new services, that really does become a really nice flywheel right after the IPO. And then you have an additional opportunity when, as you mentioned, the IPO package rolls off. And those IPO packages are rolling off. And so we are still seeing that happen. But the flip side of it is when you have delistings, then you have paying clients who are no longer listed, and that obviously creates churn. And you have other clients who are continuing to take the services, but they are -- they're maybe taking fewer services because their IR budgets are being squeezed. And so that's becoming the contra, I'll call it, the contra flywheel of having more delistings. I would say when we look at the overall conversion rates, they are lower than what we've seen on an average basis. But they are -- but I think that's partly because of the fact that some of the companies are delisting. But those who are seeing this, they were seeing relatively normalized conversion rate.
Adena Friedman: Thanks, Owen. Well, I'd say on the first question, this is kind of a specialized order type. So it's not going to be something that's going to have a massive effect on market share, but it is a premium product. So our clients get a huge value out of it. It's a really nice way to get a higher fill rate in size at the midpoint. So it's a really -- it's a premium product in terms of the pricing that we charge. So it's more of a revenue opportunity than it is a market share opportunity. In terms of being able to replicate it, we do provide in our filing and explanation of how we do it. But I would tell you that it took several years for us to fine tune it with our AI team, data science team. It's actually quite complicated and complex to structure the right way, to make sure you're getting the right outcomes. We're constantly fine-tuning the various data points and the weightings of those data points as to how they're affecting the timer on the product. So I would say it's actually extremely hard to replicate, even though kind of look at it like the formula is available, but how you actually manage that formula is very much a part of the greatness of our technology division, frankly.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I would actually talk about, let's talk about the FinTech level, and then we can talk about it in specific areas. But the way that we look at our FinTech solutions is we provide mission-critical technology that helps clients manage risk, manage their regulatory obligations and manage criminals out of their networks, as well as providing core capital markets technology to the entire exchange ecosystem. So it is -- to us, those are very durable, durable kind of demand drivers. Managing risk, as the world gets more complicated, the world gets more risky. And I think our ability at a global scale, on a global level to be able to help our clients manage risk in their trading books, in their treasury operations in their capital obligations, as well as also the managed risk in markets is just -- it's tremendous, honestly. And so I think that has actually been a really great demand driver. I think that as we look at the regulatory obligations, those are extremely durable around the world. Different regulators go at different paces, but there's always regulation that's changing. Now changes, it's really changes in regulations that drive demand as well as the growth. If banks are growing and expanding their businesses into new countries, that also drives great demand. And so those are things that are also quite durable. I think then on anti-financial crime, as we've mentioned before, it's a $3.5 trillion problem between anti-money laundering and fraud, we are just getting started. And so it's not just the fact that the TAM is really large, the total market opportunity, but our solution is unique. I think our solution is remarkable in terms of the way that we bring data together, the way that we are able to look at consortium data in a way that really allows us to be very curated in the topologies we apply using AI and in automating workflows to make it as efficient as possible, then I think that creates a great opportunity for us. And we're only really in North America today. So we have a lot of opportunity globally there. So I think, Owen, that we've chosen to get into this business in a way with very specific ambitions to be that solutions provider of their most complex challenges that the banks face in all economic environments and that is what we think is going to create durable growth for us.
Adena Friedman: Thank you. Well, as you heard this morning, Nasdaq continues to make progress on our three key priorities of integrate, innovate and accelerate. And through our complementary and integrated solutions, Nasdaq is delivering consistent growth, and the One Nasdaq strategy is accelerating our evolution as a trusted technology provider to the financial services industry. We look forward to updating you on our strategic progress in the quarters to come. And thank you all for joining and have a great day.
Sarah Youngwood: Thank you very much, Kyle. So we remain focused on the capital priorities that we have outlined at Investor Day. So of course, always the organic growth first and then the deleveraging remains very important. So you are right that we would start with the CP and the balance that you mentioned is approximately correct. And then after that, we would be opportunistic. We, first of all, have done about half of the employee dilution-related share repurchases. So I think you would expect us to continue to do that. And we use the word opportunistic, flexible because there are other things we could be doing, which is around either debt or equity.
Sarah Youngwood: So what I gave is that in 2Q, it's $1 million year-on-year. And then in 3Q and after for the following three also, it would be $3 million. So you could add two on the sequential, but it's year-on-year. So $3 million year-on-year, $1 million becomes $3 million between 2Q and 3Q.
Sarah Youngwood: Sure. So basically, what we had is really a broad momentum across our businesses, but specifically here also in the Calypso where we had one of strategic early renewal, but also 29 upsells and several new clients and so it was five new clients. And so as you look forward, you are going to continue to see solid momentum in the business. And we told you also that 2024 would remain in line with our medium-term outlook. But of course given the type of first half we have had, I think, it was not a surprise that we mentioned that we would expect more normalized growth across the products within the division versus the first half of the year. And also we pointed out consistent growth across quarters. And so this is what we said at the Capital Markets Technology revenue level.
Sarah Youngwood: Yes. The only thing I would add is, by definition, ARR impact of a renewal is not as much as a new client or an upsell. And then so if you were focused on why we had a good performance on ARR at Calypso or in Capital Markets deck, it was really because of the breadth of everything that has happened.
