Robert Greifeld: Sure. Let me just give you a couple of facts in terms of what's going on in the month of April, the Nordics, on the cash equity side. One is, we see that the average daily number of trades is about 315,000 per day. That's up from 278,000 in the first quarter and a couple of days ago, we set an all-time record in Stockholm. The average daily value traded is even more impressive. In April, it's about EUR 3.1 billion, up from EUR 2.6 billion in the first quarter. So the core drivers have improved quite dramatically. I would say, with respect to new entrants in the market, we're in the early stages of that, and most of the increase in the velocity have been driven by the traditional players and obviously enjoying the benefits of the faster system in central clearing. That being said, the pipeline for new entrants is very strong. We're working through the classical issues of them getting colocated in the data center going through the things they have to do to become a really effective Nordic competitor. So we expect that to generate additional volume for us in the second quarter. With respect to the fee cap, we're very happy with the progress there. Obviously, our goal is to retain the market share we have. We're proud to be, I think, the leading established exchange with retention to market share so I think it's working, it's magic. And combined with the new entrants, we think we'll do very well.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, another FCM, I would say this the way to look at it right now, Daniel, is there's a very small number of customers in the industry who are not testing with us at this point or not engaged with us in a productive way. So certainly, the IDCG office is very busy. We feel fortunate to have a product that meets the needs and likely to be regulated into existence in the near term. So we're excited about the progress and we think we can really help bring that market along.
Robert Greifeld: We certainly expect that the capture rate that we have in BX and what we call NASDAQ Classic will be relatively constant as we look at 2010. We expect an increase in cash, so we are experiencing it in NASDAQ Classic based on the pricing action we took in April. And if you're looking for a dominant fact, I would definitely focus on that.
Robert Greifeld: The first thing I want to say on the option space and it's similar to the other news we have, the second quarter has been outstanding. In the first quarter for options, volume was very strong with $13.1 million. So far at second quarter, it's at $16 million, such a dramatic increase quarter-on-quarter, and our share has held constant. So certainly, I think we're in the early stage with respect to the pricing discussions on the options marketplace and our position with the SEC is if you're going to look at pricing, you have to look at it holistically. And that holistic pricing look has to include the impact of equity ownership on pricing. I think that message will resonate and will generate a longer debate. With respect to the particular pricing movements in the SEC comment, we certainly believe within the confines of the PHLX pricing model, which I have to admit is relatively complex, there's different ways for us to maneuver and recognize that. The capture rate that we get in PHLX is around, well, I will say significantly less than $0.30. So there's ways for us to tweak our pricing with, I would call it, de minimis impact on the economics at PHLX.
Robert Greifeld: Well, let me say this. One is, I am not going to be speak to any one customer class directly on this call, but I will say that there are market participants who are ready to clear trades with IDCG today. We are facing what I'll call technical barriers that we have to work through to make that happen. That's our expectation that those technical barriers and when I say barriers these are normal course of events you have to do as you want to have a seamless workflow for a new system. And I would say that we should be able to work through that within the next 60 to 90 days with the different vendors and participants and there are people who want to trade if they could today.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say this, one, the discipline about review initiatives has to be consistent and compressive. And to the extent there is greater competition for investment dollars within the firm, you have to put that much more intensive appointment on that review. So I think the NEURO decision came along with the standard review process as we have with the NEURO organization. And with respect to some of the tender review question, I think it's important to recognize that NASDAQ OMX is a global organization. We are not a U.S. cash equities market, exclusively, any longer. And we have a number of people who work in our organization who come from a different walk of life than cash equities, who have different business plans, that's important that they get the proper funding and support at the corporate level. So we balance that against our financial discipline. So the actions we're taking I think are consistent with the culture and the management philosophy in NASDAQ OMX.
Robert Greifeld: Well, no, I think I'm saying that all our businesses have to be reviewed on a regular, consistent and compressive basis. So we do that, and we will continue to do that. And what I'm saying is that review in a practical way gets more intense when we have different competition for the use of our pre-defined investable capital. But we review these businesses regularly, consistently and we certainly have to make the hard decisions when to start and when to stop. And I think we take pride in our ability to do that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I will say this, with respect to Pan-European marketplace, we certainly are fully aware that the value traded in Europe has declined quite dramatically, part and parcel of the credit crisis. And we don't see it reviving back to that debt level. We also see that on the Pan-European MTF basis, unlike in the U.S., the capture rate went right and the ECN world declined over time, and that decline over time was closely correlated to an increase in volume over time. So Europe, we didn't have that experience [Audio Gap] in MTF that wants to put together a market data product. We have to have a very large share of markets. So that drives us. But we also -- when we look at Pan-European, we certainly see in the world going forward, there is and will be segmentation opportunities to look outside your whole markets. I think you would look to our experience in Oslo as informative of how we might take our Pan-European efforts in the future. We are, at this point, the largest MTF in the Oslo marketplace, and we have just really begun there. So we'll look at segmentation opportunities.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I didn't quite say that. I was speaking about our build strategy on a Pan-European basis. I think the key is segmentation going forward, directly leveraging the core platform that we have in place today. And obviously, the fact that we converted the Nordics to INET in the first quarter, it gave us the ability to think about our Pan-European operation on a different way. As we're running the old platform, it really didn't give us a point of leverage from Stockholm, now we have that. With respect acquisition opportunities of MTFs, as we've said previously, it is something that we recognize as our job is to understand the different assets on a global basis across the different asset class to consider any reasonable opportunity in Europe on an MTF basis.
Robert Greifeld: Well, as I said, I think the value traded numbers that are in the models today were not in the models two years ago. We certainly believe that, that three-year ago number, which we thought was going to increase is not real. So that's the single biggest determinant.
Robert Greifeld: First, I'm talking about the market in general. As all the focus has been in Washington, at the end of the day, the plumbing infrastructure between the industry ecosystem is fundamental to the success. And I said, we have several customers of some of our existing FCMs who would trade tomorrow, but we have to make sure that we give them a seamless environment in working on that. And there are vendors involved with this value chain, it's not exclusively under our control or the FCM's control or the end-user customer. So we're working on it. And again, we wish it was done today, it's not. But this is normal course of business that you've got to do. And obviously, vendors have different priorities and they don't have to naturally line up with ours as being the top of list. So we're working through it.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely. We think BX from a market data perspective will always be a relative underperformer. But we also recognize that the first quarter was probably extreme in terms of how the formula played out. But overall, it's been a great new initiative for us.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Let me just start by saying that our success in the first quarter with respect to market share with PHLX has continued in April where in the first quarter, we averaged 21.3%; April, we're up to 23.4%. And as I previously mentioned, the average daily number of contracts is up to 16% from 13.1%, so all very good drivers. With respect to the high-frequency question, I will say this, that by and large, the equity high-frequency trading shops have been at this point a minimal impact on the options marketplace. We know there's a large number of them endeavoring to get their models to work in this environment. Several have been relatively successful. But if you have made a prediction that a year or 18 months ago, you would've thought it would have a stronger impact. So I think with the early stages, I believe the high-frequency firms in the fullness of time will figure out how to be a significant player in this space, but they're not quite there yet.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think there will always be pricing considerations, and we certainly spent a lot of time thinking about it. And our pricing and the options world is, in certainly way, is fundamentally more complex than in the equity world. But I would caution you to recognize that the options market structure and the aggregation of order flow in the options world is in some ways fundamentally different than in the equity world. So they're not going to follow the same path per se. It will be a different world but it will be competitive.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we're having many conversations with the dealers. As I said in my early conversation, it's really a very few that are not talking to us in some full way. But we're not naive also and I think the dealers are talking to us because they are receiving pressure from their customers to do so. And we're probably not their first choice with respect to the clearing house they would pick if they have complete control of the decision. So we're working hard to gain the dealers' trust and we're certainly open for input from the dealers with respect to what would make the product that much more appealing to them. But we're not going to sacrifice our core mission, and that is to make sure that this marketplace is allowed to open up to a greater variety of competitors and competitors both from the FCM point of view and the liquidity provision point of view. So I think there's a common path we can find with the dealers and we're working towards that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we're anxious to get the first trade. It's a little frustrating and that we are ready, our customers, we have customers who are willing. And as we've said, we just have to have the plumbing right in this business. That is fundamentally important because there is a strong risk element to it and we have to manage and make sure that we're properly automated. So I would say if you hide the highlight one thing, it's the push to get the systems integration done so we can get the first trade.
Robert Greifeld: I would say this, that there are always discussions with respect to possible strategic maneuvers. I think as compared to '09, '10, the discussions are at evaluation points, which would make sense for shareholders. For whatever reason in '09, whatever discussion you had, it was as if the credit crisis did not happen. So I think you'd see more people dealing with reality at this point in time, so I think that would bode well.
Robert Greifeld: I'll let Adena take part of that question, but let me just start as kind of continuation to the last point. With the fact that we now have our balance sheet in shape and we are engaged in a share repurchase program, it's important for our investors to recognize how we look at acquisitions. So for the past number of years, we have always said that the acquisition has to accrete to our shareholders within a year, slightly longer if it's a larger acquisition, but certainly not so much longer that we're in the business of predicting the future. And the second thing we said, it had to be strategically significant. And you could easily define that as being something that levers the mothership in some fundamental way. But it really is a third dimension to how we look in acquisitions today, and the acquisitions essentially have to provide a return superior to the share buyback program. And at this point in time, that in many case is the highest hurdle that we look at. So we're using that discipline. As I said, there are more targets that we're dealing with realistic valuations, but we use that as our fundamental guiding post.
Robert Greifeld: No, not at all. We certainly expect it to be a competitive marketplace. And right now, the discussions are not about fees, but how we're changing the world and how we're changing their daily lives. But certainly in the fullness of time, like anything else, there will be competition.
Robert Greifeld: I don't believe it's fair. When I say it's not fair to directly compare it to the Cash Equity business because it is a fundamentally different business. The number of players involved with the options market place is different at this point in time and the competitive characteristics are different. The market structure is different, and I do need to highlight that. And certainly, with respect to the great gains in share we've had at Philly, it's been through the innovation of trying to combine the maker-taker of market structure that we know in the equity world, but put it in the context of the existing options market structure. That's proved to be the right place to be, and you see it. I mean, that number for NASDAQ OMX has been a reasonable success, certainly relative to the investment we made and the new initiative that's providing an outside return but it didn't sweep the world the way maker-taker price time did in the equity world. It's only when we combined it within the existing infrastructure in Philly that we had a greater return. So if I was to point to any single fact that tells you that there are differences, that would be it.
Robert Greifeld: Well, there weren't pricing adjustments. What I would say this, for sure, our capture rate in April has improved as compared to the first quarter, and that's been as a result of the different mix of business, the improved mix of business. So we look at April from the options we see, overall, industry volumes are higher, our share is higher and our capture is higher. So we call that a trifecta.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one, anytime you run a clearing house, the risk manager walks their own path, and that path is independent of the particular business requirement. So we've spent a lot of time with the risk model. We feel quite strongly that it represents the best of breed for clearing houses, so we feel strong. We feel comfortable with how that is constructed. And it's important to recognize, we are taking this over-the-counter product and putting in futures wrapper on it. So we're, as a reference point the clearing house model in the future's world, not in the over-the-counter world. So we feel good about that. I'm not sure I remember the first part of your question.
Robert Greifeld: No, you don't compute on margin requirements here. We have, at this point in time, a unique product instruction. And as I said, we've taken on over-the-counter product and given the flexibility you would in the future's environment. So we clearly have a product lead with that. Our clearing house represents best of breed, so that's a plus for us. Others will be able to follow that more closely. We have spent a lot of time making sure the technology is in place to make this as seamless as it can with our customers. And as we've discussed in this call and other meetings, we've spent more time with integration efforts, so we clearly have a head start in that arena. And then you have the basic model of the clearing house. As I said, our core principle is that we want this clearing house to be, in all-to-all market, a true clearing.house. And that at this point in time is unique in the marketplace.
Robert Greifeld: I think with the beginning of time with over-the-counter derivatives coming into the cleared the environment. So I think that's the dominant decision point. Who can take these products, move it forward into a clearing house environment and process the work in a seamless way and provide not just to our clearing house but our FCMs and their customers the proper risk management tools. And that's how we'll compete and win in this space.
Robert Greifeld: I think I've said this before, I think BX will always underperform with respect to the market data formula as it exists today, so that's a constant. But we also believe that the first quarter was extreme. So there will always be some negative drag. It's not likely to be as strong as it was in the first quarter. Do you want to add anything Adena? Adena used to run market data, so I should let her answer these questions.
Robert Greifeld: I'll add a couple of things. With respect to the volume, the first quarter, we averaged about 8.6 billion shares in U.S. equities. April, we've been averaging 9.7. Yesterday, we did 10.8. So those are all positives. With respect to the revenue item that we gave you for growth, it obviously represents, which has brew different impacts and our motive is to not have the effect of the price increase be out there clear to everybody but to put it all together. But it's working very well, I would say.
Robert Greifeld: With respect to the margin, we certainly believe that our margin is the proper margin. And I know IDCG put out a paper on that last week. So we'll be happy to cover that with you off-line in more detail. With respect to our product offering and its core benefit, is one, it's here, it's real today. But as I said previously, you have to recognize that it is, in many ways, fundamentally different than the other offerings, which has some appeal or less appeal depending upon who you are in the space. But it's important to recognize that it's meant to be on all-to-all platform. It's meant for the FCM model to allow more entrants into the space. So clearly, we're looking at a space where there are five players controlling 95% of the environment. And we think in the new world, that will change, and our platform is welcoming to those new players in the world. And similar to what we saw in the U.S. equities, that doesn't mean bad things for the five players. And I think out of the five players, some of them certainly recognize that, and it's a question of moving forward. And it could be opportunities for all. I mean, this market has the ability or will, I should say, transform and not look anything like it does today several years after the regulatory change. So we're there as an all-to-all platform, the only true all-to-all platform in the space where operational, and we're ready to go.
Robert Greifeld: Not so much and that you have to look at our experience now at NASDAQ OMX. So we have acquired Nord Pool, which is basically has 100% share of power trading in the Nordics. We were invited into the U.K. based upon the trade associations wanted to bring some additional organization to the marketplace. And these individuals have spent their career, we've chartered them well over a year ago to look at the U.S. market report back and tell us where there were opportunities. So as a result of that experience and that effort over the last year that we uncovered this opportunity, and that's why we've made the move.
Robert Greifeld: I thank everybody for their time here today, we appreciate it. And we look forward to talking to you certainly in this format next quarter. And we'll be available through the next days or weeks to answer any questions you may have. So thank you.
Adena Friedman: Sure, and I think -- we actually provide a little bit of color about in the presentation by updating our new initiative slide. So what we basically have indicated for 2010 is that the cost savings associated with closing NEURO essentially are equivalent to the new expenses we have taken on with the NOCC Clearing business in the United States. So essentially what we've done is replace the capital we're sending there with capital on an initiative that we feel has a higher return opportunity for us in the U.S. with the Cleared Energy business. But it is definitely a net savings to us in terms of the revenues versus the expenses and recognize that it's going to be a happier impact this year and a full year impact next year.
Adena Friedman: And, Howard, in terms of the share buyback, we've been pretty systematic in the way that we've been buying back shares. And I think we would expect to continue to follow that discipline as we continue to have the plan in place. We have a fairly narrows and windows that we do tend to put in, what I would call, the 10b5-1 plan, which will create more of a systematic approach of the buyback and we certainly intend right now to continue to do that.
Adena Friedman: I would also say on the fees, just recognize, that's kind of a look at it in an average across kind of essentially the durations that we would anticipate coming in. So there are variable fees based on the specific contracts that have come into the clearing house. But that's kind of the average that we've been looking at across the duration.
Adena Friedman: The BX formula has been something that things can move around based on the way that you quote, the way that you trade, what stocks you trade in. So it is something where the way that the market develops, which stocks end up with more volume, which stocks -- the way that the quoting behavior changes and could change even under any sort of SEC rules that come through. I think that it is something where you'll always see some movement around. And as Bob said, I think that the first quarter was more extreme for BX. But BX being strong marketplace for the lower-priced stocks is something that will create some level of market data challenge within the formula, but it will be to a varying degree every quarter, really.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think we're not going to give any specific projections. But I would tell that, as Bob had mentioned, the volumes are up in April over the first quarter. And if we continue to see some level of recovery there along with the pricing move, we feel comfortable in saying that we should see $6 million to $8 million sequential quarter-over-quarter increase in revenues for the U.S. Cash Equities business. And I did say, assuming market share remains constant, and I think that's really mean remains relatively constant to the first quarter levels. And so far, the pricing action has been very well-received. And I would say that our market share has been relatively consistent. So we're not going to break it down completely, but that's essentially where we're coming out and looking at the second quarter and beyond.
Adena Friedman: It really was log set from slightly lower populations and what we call the level one product, Consolidated Tape product. And that product really is more indicative of overall industry populations, people, the financial industry in place. And it does tend to lag behind. So both on the way down and on the way back up, it tends to lag behind the economic downturn and recovery. Also, what we also tend to see is some level of seasonality to the retail use of market data. And that can swing things a little bit here and there. But that impact was relatively minor both the professional and non-professional decline was pretty small for level one. In the proprietary products, we've seen actually very continued strong demand and strong populations, and it definitely has not followed the same trend for as the consolidated team.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So the $34 million was specific to second quarter. And each quarter, we'll give you guidance for the next month. But one thing I did say in my comments is that in 2010, we are anticipating a relatively, I would say, less chunkiness in the quarter-over-quarter revenues as we saw in 2009, that was my comment. But we will also be providing guidance for the second quarter right now. In terms of the order value and the duration of the contracts, it does vary by customer. Most contracts are probably in the five- to seven-year time frame, but we do have some longer-term contracts, like ten-year contracts, that we are starting to see come across and was particularly with some of our long-term clients. So I think that -- I would say on average, you can look at five- to seven-year time frame for the order value. And as I said before, the orders are comprised of licensing fees, as well as maintenance and service contracts. And in some cases, facilities management, but not very often. And the way that the fees will work is that if there's an annual service and maintenance contract, that will be brought in annually, but then the license fee will be amortized over the life of the contract.
Adena Friedman: Our share count was -- well, our average for the quarter was 214.7 million shares. Our quarter end was around 213 million or a little under 213 million shares. So we can give you an exact number after the call. But I think that we did started on March 2, so that just recognized we only had one month in the first quarter to buy back shares. And that's why we also gave you the up-to-date number for essentially the end of April.
