Robert Greifeld: Well, I think it's also two things, volatility and volume. So when we look at our market share over time, we do best in a volatile, high-volume environment. So when you look at the fourth quarter, it was the exact opposite of that. So it's facing significant headwinds. So some time, those headwinds will turn in our favor, but it's obviously our job to maneuver in both good and bad times. And what I think we're proud of is certain things that we've launched in the fourth quarter. The ISP program, right now, has about 200 million shares coming into our markets center. And it's important to recognize that, that program is targeted to what I'll call good natural order flow, which then will attract other order flow into the market centers. So we expect the benefits from the ISP program to start to accrue to us in some significant way in this quarter, and we're excited about the progress there. We do expect volume volatility to come back. PSX is something that is, obviously, a new concept for the industry. We are clearly educating a number of people. We clearly are getting us up where the buy side through their sell side sponsorship can come in size. And I think every day, we make some progress with it. So we're operating I think quite successfully.
Robert Greifeld: Well, what we said before, and I'll continue to say, is acquisitions are episodic. They cannot effectively be planned. It's our job to understand the different assets across all geographies and all asset classes and have a point of view with respect to what value it would provide to us and our shareholders. And to the extent that you get the perfect alignment, then it's time to move. And we, obviously, look at a lot more things than we move upon. The order of magnitude probably increases year-to-year, in terms of what we evaluate just doing what we bid on or actually secure the deal on. So I think it's just hard to make any other blanket statement.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, let me touch back to our Analyst Day. We said we're on, basically, a multistep march to bring the Nordic cash equity business in line to what I would say is pan-European and eventually U.S. norms. And we have a lot of work to do. One is, we introduced central clearing. Two is, we upgraded the platform to the INET-based platform. And three, is we started offering colocation services and fix protocol. So that's all working. It has taken longer than we wanted. But as you can see from the numbers, it is working. So that clearly is a higher level of high-frequency trading in the Nordic environment. I would also say it's early days, and we expect the colo and the high-frequency to be a driver of our growth in 2011. So if in a nine-inning game, our Nordics market equity market is inning four or five, the derivatives market is probably in inning one or two. And that we just recently put in the Genium INET technology there, giving us the ability to track a new class of traders in the marketplace. So we expect to make progress in that in 2011.
Robert Greifeld: We kind of reset the gain there as we acquired SMARTS and, in particular, FTEN. So we clearly have expanded the suite of products we offer. So I would say we're, obviously, in the early stages. And FTEN's got wonderful products, and we're going to delever that with our distribution, our footprint and our data centers. So it's early days.
Robert Greifeld: But first, I'll say is we're glad you asked about the revenue question because Adena was being handed notes to bring it up. So you made it easy for her. Bring up the revenue, not just the expenses. On the derivatives side, let me just cover something that I mentioned in passing, and that is our commodities effort, which we completed Nord Pool ASA, and that has worked out very well for us. And then, as we said last year, we were focused on the U.K. power market. We launched the spot market last year, and we really could not launch the derivatives market until we have enough activity and confirmation of pricing in the spot market. So to the fact that us and the community said it's time to go with the derivatives markets on Monday, and we did some trade just today speaks to the progress we've made. And when we talk about our Derivatives business, we have a number of different irons in the fire and, myself at the CEO level and Adena at CFO level, certainly tend to look at these things collectively because there are many different cylinders. Right now, when you look at the N2EX opportunity, we certainly feel excited about that. We covered on a previous call, the basic growth we have and on to the listed derivatives as we bring it into what I'll call is a Eurocentric clearing model and state-of-the-art execution technology. So we're very early days with that. So we'll continue to drive our business. With respect to the PHLX, there are no plans, and I make this, hopefully, very clear to neutralize that business. It continues to do well. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, complex orders are just becoming available. That opens up, looking at Mr. Knoll, almost 10% of the market to us that we haven't been able to compete. And we launched Pixel. So that is just got a lot of steam behind it and the same with NOM as we put NOM into the same distribution network as PHLX is today. So we just, obviously, feel very good about that Derivatives business. And nobody has mentioned yet, but if you obviously look through the numbers, it's the interesting that derivatives revenue is higher than the cash equities revenue. So, clearly, we're a business that's been able to successfully diversify.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one, with pricing, it's a daily debate with respect to what the pricing should be. So I hate to draw any long-term conclusions to it. We have a commitment to be competitive in all aspects, while not blindly seeking market share just for market share's sake. We clearly do look to get the proper balance. So I would say when you look at the pricing that we have in place across our various transaction businesses in the fourth quarter they represent, I think, a reasoned approach to the markets, and we don't see any dramatic changes as we go into 2011. They're obviously taking different business, as I say, on a daily basis. But on a net corporate level, no big moves one way or the other.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we certainly think the pricing strategy in 2010 was well founded. And as I said, I think in the last quarter call, in reference today with the ISP, I think the pricing strategy has to be about how do you incent those people who give you order flow that results in follow-on or knock-on effects, and that's where the focus is. I think the overall capture rate is a solid plan right now. We just want to have more targeted pricing in the time to come.
Robert Greifeld: Boy, I don't feel that way there, Howard. But I'll take the compliment. One of the things we look at is net inflows into the marketplace, and we clearly saw a strong reversal of trend line in Europe in 2010. And in the U.S., we saw that reversal's trendline at the very end of 2010. We see it continuing. So we think that's a positive tailwind for us. So we clearly think that the volumes this year will be higher. And, again, what's important about the inflows is speaking back to the last question in a certain way, is the natural flow coming into the market generate significant subsequent flow. So that's kind of the head end. And so as we see increased activity in the head end, we know we'll rip it through the system. So that's one way that drives volume, and that's volume over a long period of time. And then it's a question of is there any short-term volatile impacts in the market? We have that for two months last year, enjoyed the benefits of the volume associated with that. So we think volatility, not so much a spike in volatility, but volatility will increase in the market during the course of the year. We're seeing some of that now, and we think the natural flow will increase. So what I will say is cautiously optimistic.
Robert Greifeld: Let me speak to the fourth quarter, where we experienced what we think is depressed volume levels, right, averaging 7.4 billion shares a day here in the states and we produced $0.55. So, hopefully, and clearly reveals the diversification of the business across asset classes and across geographies. That being said, we certainly don't believe 7.4 million is what we will experience through 2011. Our budget numbers for 2011 based, upon the experience towards the tail end of last year, obviously, have come in lower. But we certainly believe that 9 billion to 10 billion is a number that we should witness, given equity inflows and some reasonable level of volatility. We have been through a time, as I like to say, the equity asset class essentially lost zero. Investor says should I put money in equities or should I put it in a money market fund or fixed income for those paying in zero. So we have a fundamental belief that risk appetite will return. We're seeing clear signs of that and that will drive volume.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, Roger, I don't have that number today and we looked at it. But the key thing is dividend trades have been part of the PHLX business for certainly as long as I've been involved with them, and that number hasn't changed in a dramatic way. But, clearly, our baseline market share has improved quite dramatically.
Robert Greifeld: You couldn't be more right. And one of the reasons the U.S. Options Market is successful in the U.S. as compared to other countries is for the education effort that some of the founders of the industry set up years ago, and that effort is clearly reaching out to the institutional community at this point in time and in an educational way. And, as you can see by the growth in the volumes, it's working. And I think it will continue to work in the years to come.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say, Roger, the key thing to focus on is that IDCG offered, in the fourth quarter of 2010, a swap alternative for interest rate swaps, and I think that is very appealing to the large dealers.
Robert Greifeld: We certainly do. Just at a macro level, what we're doing is allowing NOM to access the broad range of customers that PHLX has. So NOM was de novo development and it attracted certain new entrants for the market place, and the number of entrants and members we have in NOM is a relatively small subset as compared to what we have in PHLX. So we want to make it seamless for all of PHLX members to now start trading at NOM, and that will happen towards the end of April.
Robert Greifeld: In the Nordic market? Well, I would say that we certainly compete with all of the MTS today, and whether there's more or less MTS, you can argue whether that's good or bad, I probably change my mind on that depending on the day. So I would say that we have to focus on what we do in the Nordics, and I think the team there, with Hans-Ole and Bjorn, have done a good job, certainly relative to our established exchange peers in coming up with pricing and services that make it attractive. And as I said previously, what's most important to me is the classical users of the MTFs are definitely eager to be part of our colocation data center strategy and become more active players on our Nordic markets. So we have to be on the offense off of products and services. Make sure we get the customers what they want, and I think we'll do well.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one is I think the pricing you see is definitely sustainable. But I wouldn't attribute it to pricing power but more of providing product and services that people recognize value for and pay us on.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one with respect U.S. Options. What I would say that Erik and Tom and their team is keep doing what you're doing. It's clearly been a remarkable success over the last 12 months or so. And it shows that if you offer the right products at the right prices, based on the right technology, you can do well. That being said, we understand the reutilization effort and what that can mean, and we certainly recognize that ownership is a liquid form of payment for order flow, in a way. And there is a time and a place for it. So we would consider things like that where we think it's appropriate. We don't see it in the U.S. Options marketplace right now.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I can certainly stay with the inning reference and Adena will not answer your question on the import on her part. Certainly, with colo in the Nordics, we're at the first inning, maybe the second, but I would probably say the first. And I'll repeat again what I said on Access Services put the acquisition of FTEN and SMARTS we've kind of reset the game, reset the clock and we obviously look forward to successfully integrating and executing upon our strategy with those acquisitions in 2011.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I'll say a couple of things. I think everybody can agree on the fact that if 99% of the market traded in the dark and that 99% of the market referred to the 1% in the lit markets for price discovery, things could be a little out of whack. Anything beyond that probably gets a little more difficult. The SEC, going back to the concept release, has teed those topics up for the industry to comment upon. It's probably impossible for me to forecast when they may or may not move on that. So I can't say too much more than that. But I will say and repeat that volume and volatility can help us, absent any regulatory change. So what we saw in the fourth quarter was historic low volumes and volatility, and internalization and dark trading will go up in that kind of environment. So we can certainly experience a kind of double plus as we get volatility and we get volume, then we'll do better.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. So with the Derivatives business in Europe, we have a number of different levers. And I think it's impossible for us to predict which one will accelerate the fastest, but each and every one of them has kind of unique growth opportunities. Listed derivatives is the last thing you mentioned, and I covered this a little bit before. We have a couple of ways to grow. One is our clearinghouse is becoming Eurocentric, and it has been Nordic-centric and it makes it easier for global players and European players to become members and to fully participate in the clearinghouse. And at the same time, we're making the trading platform the industry standard Genium INET with industry standard interfaces with world-leading performance. So that's all good stuff for the existing products we have. And with the innings metaphor, we're early days with that. So we don't have really I think we have one colo customer for our Listed Derivatives business, and that will be a different state of being to 12 months from now. In addition to that, we have this clearinghouse, we have this trading platform, and we have to have an innovative culture. So we need to put more product through that derivatives clearinghouse, and that's certainly our intention. In terms of new initiatives, you've got repo and interest rate swaps had the early most important progress in 2010. We expect the Repo business to contribute some significant revenue to us in '11. Interest rate swaps, we think will lag that by a little bit, but we did do some trades with the government debt office and some major Swedish banks, and we expect that to accelerate in the second half of the year. We move over to the power market. I covered N2EX. We're certainly excited about that. As we said previously, that market is essentially as large as our Nordic market. And we got an exciting opportunity, and it definitely was a cause for celebration to get the derivatives market launched and some trades that happened yesterday. So we're excited about that. And the core business in the Nordics for power, we think, will track in some general way GDP growth, and we're happy to see that the Nordics as compared to the U.S. and most of Europe is, obviously, in a good position, and we think that business will continue to do well.
Robert Greifeld: Well, our thought is that we will have expanding volume and expanding market share. And so basically the success we saw in 2010 should continue.
Robert Greifeld: Well, two things I'm highlighting for this call. One is the fact that NOM will be accessible to the broader world come the end of April, and there is pent-up demand for people who want to get to NOM, and we needed to make it a seamless effort for them. So we'll accomplish that at the end of April. The second is that there is a segment of the market that we have not been able to compete for. We've been lacking the functionality, and that functionality is coming online.
Robert Greifeld: But I would also say, since we haven't received any questions, while we're on Market Technology, I would highlight their outstanding fourth quarter performance. And, obviously, Genium INET is in a strong part of the product cycle, and the addition of SMARTS and FTEN gives them additional products. So they enter into 2011 with a record level backlog but also the most competitive products I think we've ever had.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say the key thing for you to focus on right now is with SMARTS and FTEN, in a certain respect, we have redefined the market. And we have been focused on exchanges as really our customer base. And now with these acquisitions, you can also state that regulators on a global basis and aspects of the broker-dealer operation are part of our defined market. So our defined market in 2010 increased dramatically.
Robert Greifeld: Well, thank you, everybody, for your time today. I'd like to just close by, in a sense, repeating what I said. This represents, I think, the fruits of a multiyear effort to diversify our business, one, from an asset class, and two, from a geography point of view. And we hit on many cylinders last quarter. The Global Index business, we do not speak to, but they also had an outstanding 2010 are positioned to grow to 2011. So we feel as we look across the different aspects of NASDAQ OMX, we enter 2011 with great confidence. We would like some tailwinds as opposed to headwinds. But we produce $0.55 per share, dealing with a lot of headwinds. So we're proud of that, and hopefully the investors recognize that the strategy is working. So thank you, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Adena Friedman: I think on CapEx, I think that we would expect CapEx to be pretty much in the range of 2010 with maybe some slight growth due to the acquisitions, in terms of some of the technology that we acquired. So I wouldn't expect a significant increase in CapEx. I think that in terms of capital returns and how we use our cash, we really did accelerate the 2011 buyback in December with the acquisition of shares from Borse Dubai. So I think this year, we're going to be focused on using our cash on investing in our new initiatives and on debt repayment. And, in general, I think that we have -- Bob and I have been looking at where we get comfortable with looking at continued returns to shareholders. And I think as our debt gets down to about a 2.5x total debt-to-EBITDA ratio, we start to say that it's time for us to really consider and contemplate additional capital returns.
Adena Friedman: Right. So I actually thought I'd do -- let me just go through our quick buildup. If we look at our 2010 full year results of $827 million of expenses and then you add the $33 million from FTEN and Zoom, then you also have to add a full year effective SMARTS and the Nord Pool ASA acquisitions, which should bring in another about $15 million of expenses. And then on top of that, we've seen a continued strengthening of the Swedish krona, in particular, against the dollar as well as other currencies. So if you do about a 5% increase in the currency rates, you could look at another $10 million to $15 million of expenses coming from the strengthening with those currencies. So you're really talking about a base of around $890 million just taking the full year effect of some of the acquisitions and FX. So I just want to make sure that we give you kind of a buildup to a baseline number. And then, of course, there's always some minor structural changes that occur year-over-year, particularly in compensation.
Adena Friedman: Yes, I think that's exactly right. So I'm glad you brought that up. There is, of course, revenue attached to all of those. And as we've said, each of the acquisitions is expected to be profitable this year. And so we're very pleased to see that we're going to be providing accretion to our shareholders as the year goes forward against those acquisitions.
Adena Friedman: Yes, I mean, I definitely think that you should look at the variability in our expense page generally by the fact that we have, as I laid out on my comments, we have a fair amount of money going into new initiatives, as well as initiatives that we launched in prior years. So we have some flexibility there, if we really find that the growth in our revenues is not being achieved as we expect. And also, I think that our general philosophy, as they always say, is all fixed cost are variable over time. So if we really find that we have some challenges, we can always look at our expense base. But we are certainly -- this expense guidance is based on a growth forecast for us and both in our new initiatives as well as in our core business.
Adena Friedman: Well, we don't give out the specific margins associated with every acquisition. I think that what we are giving out in terms of the expenses associated with acquisitions does include synergies that we can extract from the businesses but recognize that these businesses are really meant to be opportunities for us to grow and expand our business. So they are certainly revenue growth opportunity for us. We do believe that we can do more with them as part of NASDAQ OMX than they could do alone. And I think our distribution capabilities, our management, our technology expertise can really take all of those acquisitions and take them further along in their growth path. So while we do have some operating synergies associated with them, it's really -- and that is incorporated to the guidance we've given, we really see this more as a revenue play.
Adena Friedman: Yes, we really are not going to give out details on specific margins associated with each acquisition, I'm sorry.
Adena Friedman: I certainly think that we view our overall business as having scalability to it. So as we grow the businesses, we should be able to achieve the scale. I think that the new acquisitions, as well as the new initiatives, as you can tell, the new initiatives are providing us a positive return but not at the same level as our overall business. So we do see progress against those initiatives, in terms of driving margin into the business. But they will have to continue to grow and succeed to be able to achieve the same level of margin opportunity as our overall organization. I think that, certainly, when we look at the acquisitions, we look at them in the context of them ultimately driving scalable growth to our business. And we do believe we are really excited about what we can do with SMARTS and FTEN, in particular, on a global scale, both in terms of providing services to broker-dealers but also to exchanges and regulators. So I think that we have -- there's a very big market opportunity for us. They are scalable businesses, and they will be able to drive margin into the businesses overall. In terms of them getting to the -- helping us grow our 46%, I think that overall, the entire business has the opportunity to do that with the acquisitions and new initiatives helping along the way over time.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I certainly think that the derivatives revenue had a standout quarter. And if you look at the fact that every asset class in the Derivatives business, both in the U.S. and Europe, grew quarter-over-quarter. And as we projected in our Analyst Day, we kind of set ourselves a long-range targets, particularly for the European derivatives. And I think that you can see that we are making progress towards that target out into 2013. So I think derivatives certainly is showing that it's going to have the growth path that we hope it should have. I think in terms of where we are just at the beginning, we also set growth targets for the market data and the index businesses, and I would say that we really just starting down the path for those two business units and you'll see, hopefully, some acceleration of that in the quarters and in years to come.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think it's important to recognize that there is cyclicality to the Energy business. And the fourth quarter tends to be the strongest quarter for the year. The fourth and the first quarters tend to be the strongest quarters in the year, with the second and the third being a little bit less strong. So if you're looking at a quarter-over-quarter $9 million to $12 million, I think that projection is a little bit strong. Now quarter four 2009 was $10.2 million versus $12.1 million in quarter four 2010. So I think that you can see a good progress even against fourth quarter of last year. But there is a certain seasonality of the business.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think that generally, we do have a few items that we can look at in terms of technology changes that we're making during the year, and that would then accelerate some depreciation, as well as an office move that we have during the year that could have some impact on that. But I would say that there's nothing large or sizable that we can point to right now as to what would drive the non-recurring, but we do tend to have non-recurring through the year. So we have projected those through the year.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think the Swedish krona right now is at 6.50 krona to the $1. I think if you look over the last month, it was around 6.7 krona, which is very strong levels. And I think that in terms of my comments around FX, that, that's the rate that we were looking at in terms of it trending higher than 2010.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So the debt we currently have on our term loan is we have a 3.5x total debt to EBITDA ratio covenant in the loan agreement, today. And in terms of looking at buybacks and other capital return activities, we are at a 3x total debt to EBITDA, before goods into a basket. But total debt to EBITDA calculation with our term loan is slightly different than how the rating agencies tend to calculate us. So they do give us some credit for cash and our EBITDA is calculated without some of the non-cash items, such as equity comps. So it's a little bit of a different calculation than it is with the rating agencies.
Adena Friedman: I don't know what you're talking about. We do provide the technology. I think there is 12 exchanges in the Middle East. So we are very active there and very successful. And we have Kuwait being a significant client, who's going to be coming online hopefully pretty soon, and we've been working very closely with them to finalize the technology implementation for them.
Adena Friedman: No. I mean, generally speaking, as we look at the restricted cash, we do a regular calculation associated with all of the activity in the clearinghouse. But the fact that the repos are showing on a gross pages on the balance sheet does not have a material impact on our cash needs for the clearinghouse.
Jillian Miller: Just following up on one of Roger's questions I guess asked slightly different way. The net options revenue was quite a bit stronger than we modeled, and we presumed a higher dividend trading during the quarter will translate to a lower capture rate at PHLX. Just want to be sure there weren't any guess pricing changes during the period that might have helped support your average fee.
Jillian Miller: And then you guys alluded earlier to plans to roll out some enhanced functionality with NOM 2.0 in April. And I was hoping you could run through what exactly the changes are going to be, whether you expect any meaningful impact on the trading activity.
Jillian Miller: I was hoping to get your thoughts on the potential MTS consolidation in Europe and just whether lower operating costs and potentially a more concentrated liquidity you may try it some of that as a combination a more formidable competitor for OMX.
