Adena Friedman: Well, I would say very definitively we’ve had a long and productive working relationship with the SEC, and we expect to continue to. I think that since Chairman Clayton came into the role earlier this year, we feel that we have been very aligned in some key areas of concern that we’ve had around the capital markets and making sure that we have a great balance of investor protection with robust and exciting U.S. public capital markets, and we would expect that we will continue to be able to work towards those goals with the Chairman as well as with the staff, and we look forward to working with Brett in his new role in Trading and Markets. I think, in general, as we mentioned with the Treasury report as well as with the changes there, we feel that the Treasury report is pretty clear in articulating issues around market data that are still very consistent with the SEC and their guidance around the use of SIP data for best as well as the reasonable and fair standard that they applied to our Market Data filings today. So we don’t really see any change that comes from the Treasury report recommendations or from the activities that we’ll have at the SEC in that regard.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I think that we have been and will continue to be very focused on total shareholder return, and we have as our goal to deliver double-digit total shareholder return and we will continue to have that as our goal and our target. I think that as we – we are pretty early on in the strategy, but as we execute against that strategy, we will continue to evaluate and assess the growth rate, the long-term growth targets that we provide to you, and if there are opportunities to increase this, we certainly will. We also want to make sure that we provide you insight into the investments we are making, in particularly in R&D, that are focused on our strategy so that we can provide you an update and measures for you to be able to understand how we’re progressing against those investment areas. And so we will continue to provide – and probably provide little bit more disclosures in the future just around our R&D activities. But generally speaking, our goal is to make sure that we can deliver on that double-digit total shareholder return and we hope to be able to do that with increased growth over time as we execute against our strategy.
Adena Friedman: So in terms of the access fee pilot, what we’ve discussed and we’ve said in public testimony is that we are willing to work with the SEC on an access fee pilot. We tried to implement – tried to do it without the SEC involvement a couple of years ago, but the other exchanges didn’t choose to participate in that, so it’s hard to get any sort of meaningful results out of it. But I would say that we are willing to work certainly with the SEC to implement an access fee pilot. We have expressed some real concern around the access fees as these apply to smaller company stock and the need for makers to have proper incentives to post close and be involved in those stocks. So we are pretty adamant about our concern around that, and so how they construct the pilot, how long they run it, how many stocks are involved, which stocks are involved are going to be very important to working with them on that. But I do believe that there – it seems like it’s something that they are interested in trying to do and so we will work with them if that’s their decision. In terms of the impact of elimination of access fees, this has been a part of our markets. It’s part of – it’s integrated and integral to Reg NMS and so to the extent that there is a review of Reg NMS and all of the market structure components there, that, certainly looking at access fees, could be a part of that over the long run. But elimination of access fees, we don’t really try to predict the impact of that. I think that it is an integral part of our market structure today and it likely will continue to be with the pilot giving us some information as to the impact of that over time.
Adena Friedman: So overall, within our Information Services business, we have given some clarity on that in the past where we say somewhere in the range of 1 to 2 percentage points of growth can come from price increases in general. That does not pertain necessarily specifically to each speed. So we have, as you can tell, a very diversified business. We work very closely with our clients and with industry groups to understand how we’re adding value to this product, how the use of this product are changing and therefore we factor that into any pricing decisions we make. But that’s a general comment across all of Information Services and we don’t – and there are many times when we don’t make increases in any particular product. We do it based on maybe changes and enhancements, improvements we made to the products and changes in usage that would warrant a change in price and that’s generally how we run the business.
Adena Friedman: I would say – as we said before, the U.S. Treasury proposal, in our opinion, is completely consistent with current practice and it’s consistent with the current requirements that the SEC places on broker-dealers for their best execution obligations. So we continue to support a mid-single-digit growth rate for the Global Information Services business in the years to come and that includes that the complement of everything we do there and our focus areas on growth in terms of our data analytics, the growth in our index business, our focus on the buy-side and the investment community in addition to all the current products that we support that support the broker-dealer community.
Adena Friedman: So you’re asking the question across the full segment? I just want to make sure. Okay. Yes, so I think that in terms of the overall growth of Market Tech where we continue to see very strong demand is frankly in existing clients taking on more of our services and some new clients signing up to take our services, particularly in the post-trade area, in the surveillance and risk management areas as well as some new trading clients that we’ve been able to attract this year and then I would say that in our surveillance area. So the SMARTS surveillance business continues to be a high grower for us. And that – and all of those pieces are included in order intake, in the order backlog. I think that in the third quarter, it’s – you do have some vacation periods. It does slow down some of our clients from making decisions, but we have had some really good wins this quarter, most notably having a Tier 1 bank choose us to develop their foreign exchange trading system in addition to some post-trade wins with our clients. So we are continuing to see very strong demand dynamics within the business. We do believe that the order backlog does reflect the potential for us to continue to show good organic growth in that business, and we continue to have great dialogue with our clients as we roll out the Nasdaq Financial Framework and other new services that will expand what we can do for them.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, our regulatory process, particularly SEC rule-making is a robust process. It goes through an extensive comment period. It goes through a lot of debates and discussions. And so I can’t predict how long that type of process could take, but in prior experiences, it’s been a multi-year experience to try to look at significant changes in market structure at the SEC. And I – what I’m pleased about is that it does go through a robust process. They have to go through an economic review. They have to seek comments from the industry. They allow this – the industry to have a deep dialogue with the staff and with the commission. And they do this in a way that’s very overt and open to public comment as well, so that everyone kind of understands the process as it unfolds. But it is a long process and for good reason. These are important decisions to make. They are important to our U.S. capital markets and to the way that the system works. They are integrated and integral, so they – it’s hard to take one part of a system and change it without having consequences to other parts of the system. So it is really important for them to be very careful in considering them. And I think they are. So my experience has been, over many years of working with the SEC, is then they do take these things very seriously and they go through a very robust process. So I can’t predict specific times, but it generally is a multi-year process.
Adena Friedman: So the PR and the Digital Media businesses have been slow to no growers essentially. They’re not growth areas for us. I think that part of that is because we focus very much on the IR component of those businesses because, of course, that’s our inclination, using those services to interact with the capital markets and manage the public company components of working in the capital markets. I mean, I think that we are finding that we have a better opportunity to use our skills, our expertise and our strategic relationships with our clients to really – more on the intelligence side, the IR Insight, the advisory business, the board and leadership businesses. So – and those are higher-growth businesses as a general matter than the PR and Digital Media businesses. In terms of the pivot, I mean, the goal of our strategic review is to find ways to elevate our growths rate to push ourselves towards the higher-growth businesses. And as we execute against that strategy, as I said earlier, we really do – we will be looking to assess our growth rates and provide you updated guidance or at least our long-term, medium-term outlook, I think that’s what we call it, in terms of our revenue growth rates as we execute against that strategy. And to the extent that we have completed the strategic review there and we’ve got eVestment inside our organization, those will be the types of things that will drive us to reassess our growth rates.
Adena Friedman: So the answer is no, we have not seen any impact on the demand for our proprietary data in relation to the improvements we’ve made in the SIP and the latency there. I think that people see them as serving two different needs. So the SIP obviously as a basis for best execution. It’s the foundation for interacting with the capital markets. The Depth fees allow for companies to have a lot of different strategies that they undertake to interact with those capital markets or to give clients just a bit a bigger and bigger picture of the market. We generate revenues, as you can see, in our Depth fees across a whole range of clients, so you’ve got nonprofessional users that get a chance to see Depth through their online brokers, you’ve got professional institutional users that are using it to really get a sense of where the market is and where it’s going. And then you also have the professional traders who are using it to actually interact and execute strategies in the market. So we have not seen any sort of shift in the demand characteristics as a result of improving the SIP latency.
Adena Friedman: Well, I would say that eVestment today has a very strong competitive position. Bjorn Sibbern has been – who leads our Information Services business has been working very closely on the integration planning with the eVestment team. And we continue to be just incredibly impressed with the business, with the client, the interactions they have with their clients, with the level of distribution and penetration they have in the industry and kind of the unique nature of how they bring the information together and the analytics they can revise to every aspect of the investment management community. So they have a very strong competitive position. I would say that they are relatively unique in how the data that they’ve been collecting, the penetration in the market and the analytics that they generate and we would expect that our synergies with them are that we can probably bring even more advanced analytics to the data that they have. We have our Mutual Fund Quotation Service and we would expect to integrate that and potentially get more penetration of that service to their clients. We have the potential to create new indices and other data products that are more generally available based on the public data that they collect. And so we just see great opportunity and synergy between the businesses to increase distribution, but also to deepen our relationships with the investment management community.
Adena Friedman: I would say – what we’ve been saying is that the revenue – Sybenetix is a small company today. It definitely will include the backlog from Sybenetix going forward, but it doesn’t suddenly create a significant change in backlog upon the closure of the deal.
Adena Friedman: Well, we are – I mean, generally speaking, the client base in our TMS business has increased over time. We continue to see new participants actually coming in and asking for connectivity in addition to obviously the acquisitions create kind of a countertrend of that in some regards, but frankly we continue to have active sign-up and new clients coming in to support the TMS business. And it’s basically in terms of also the growth that we’ve gotten from Chi-X and the ISE integrations also have contributed to growth in that business as well.
Adena Friedman: So first of all, the multiple consolidator concept is not a new concept at all. It’s been a concept that the industry has been discussing for a while. The UTP committee has had that as an open-agenda item for a while. So it’s not a new concept. I think that it – as I said before, we have not objected to the concept of a multiple consolidator model so long as it does not place undue burden on the broker-dealer community or the exchanges to create it. I think that it is – just so everyone understands, the SIP itself is its own technology contract. We – the MAR Market Technology business has a contract with the UTP committee to provide the SIP technology. In terms of having potentially a competing SIP, that’s fine. I mean, that – the question is who else is going to pay for that? But that is not related to the Market Data revenue itself. The Market Data revenue itself and the pricing of that is done by the UTP committee and that would continue to be the case even if there are multiple SIPs distributing that data. So I don’t believe that would have an impact on the revenue, it would just create an alternative to the SIP. And I think that there have been discussions on multiple consolidators or just a distributed SIP model and we’ve had, I think, productive dialogue on both of those ideas over time.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I mean, our overall TMS business includes a lot of – also is a very diversified business and it supports a lot of different asset classes. It also supports our Trader Reporting clearly and other things, so it is a diversified revenue stream itself. We do not separately disclose the components of that revenue stream. I think that generally speaking, the demand for overall just cabinet support, colo, things like that have been steady over time for the U.S. equities markets. We’ve had growth in that business coming from some of the acquisitions, as I mentioned, with Chi-X and ISE and earlier with eSpeed. So I think that we’re growing by having more things – more exchanges, more asset classes traded through our data center in addition to having connectivity for equities and I would say a variety of different connectivity choices that we offer to all of our clients across asset classes. So we – we’re not getting – I would say this, Alex, it’s a very steady business. We work very productively with our clients. We continue to have actually new customers signing up for certain services in connectivity into equities in addition to other asset classes and it’s a been a nice, strong part of our business.
Adena Friedman: Well, first of all, we are really pleased with how the Listings have developed as we’ve gone through the year. As we mentioned, in the third quarter, we had a 77% win rate. We’ve had some great companies come and access the public markets over the quarter. And we continue to see a really nice strong pipeline of listings as we go through the rest of the year. So it does feel like the overall environment is picking up and we’re – I think we’re doing well competitively in winning IPOs and having some great companies choose to have Nasdaq as their home. And so we’re pretty pleased with how the dynamics are developing there. In terms of just overall competition, we compete vigorously for every IPO. We compete vigorously on getting companies to switch from our competitors to Nasdaq and we continue to find success in that area as well. And we respect all competitors and new entrants. We want to make sure that our clients are existing clients and any new clients fully understand the breadth and depth of Nasdaq as a listing exchange partner and the value proposition we offer, and I think we do believe that we have the best value proposition out there. So we’re – we feel very good about how things are developing right now.
Adena Friedman: Well, the – I would say the core of their business today are asset – active asset managers in addition to alternatives and over time, some – more focus on the passive investors as well. But we do want to make sure that we look at how we can leverage the relationships they have there, the platform, the delivery mechanism to bring them more analytics that would help them manage their investment strategies in addition to be – making them competitive with each other. So I think that we are just at the beginning of our planning stages around that, but that certainly is part of the strategy.
Adena Friedman: Great. Well, thank you very much. I think that as we look at all of the advancements in the third – the strong third quarter results, we feel that they have been achieved by advancing our core franchises’ competitive position, coupled with driving growth in our technology, information and analytics businesses. The strategy that we articulated today will continue to gain momentum as we integrate the acquisitions, invest in our future and conclude our strategic reviews. And our refined capital allocation and continued focus on double-digit shareholder return will help ensure that our team and our shareholders remain aligned in the quarters and years ahead. So with that, thank you very much and I look forward to speaking with you all soon.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes. So first of all, with the 3% relative to the 1%, 3% represents the historical growth rate we’ve typically seen for synergies. And so this year, the 1% on a year-to-date basis really does take into account the synergies we have for the four acquisitions and the flow-through of that into this year. So 3% would be a normal organic growth rate over the last few years before the synergies. With respect to the 6%, that 6% does reflect the combination of the Sybenetix and eVestment, the year-over-year approximate increase due to those acquisitions and what that impact would be. It includes the run rate, the growth that we expect behind those businesses as we said we believe that eVestment will continue to attract growth as well as Sybenetix obviously. And then additional, as we disclosed here, there are some upfront integration costs from incentive, retention compensation and some other things that we’re going to be spending. When we did the call – when we announced the eVestment deal, we did talk about how there will be some synergies in the business that will be offset by some additional expenses that we’ll be spending. And so some of that is with respect to the timing. Some of the upfront costs obviously have to occur now and then the synergies will come in a future period.
Michael Ptasznik: And as we mentioned on another call is as more of business continues to convert towards more of a SaaS recurring business, the order backlog number is maybe not as representative as it has been in the past. So we will be revisiting those measures in the future as we try provide you with some additional color or some alternative measures to help see how the growth of the businesses is coming along.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, I would say with respect to the – with respect to whether we’re going to have margin expansion or not, obviously that is the goal over the medium to long-term of the organization, to continue to, as Adena said, drive to double-digit TSR, continue to grow the business, grow the top line at a faster rate than the expenses, which should drive that margin expansion. So on a year-over-year basis, we don’t give margin goals on a year-over-year basis, but that is the goal that we would have as an organization over the medium-term. There’s a number of things coming into next year like the eVestment, we talked about the impact of eVestment or the revenue impact of the acquisition there, what ends up having strategic review. So there’s a lot of moving pieces with respect to next year and we don’t provide that short-term guidance. But really, the focus is driving TSR and margin expansion over the medium to long-term.
