Robert Greifeld: The first I have to say, Howard, is I thought you'd ask about the quarter, right? It's $0.61 record quarter.
Robert Greifeld: All right, good. I'm hoping to get a couple of questions on the quarter. It was a lot of hard work. It's not exactly great times out there, so $0.61 in that context we're proud of. But in terms of what I said in my call, obviously, we first pay attention to what our shareholders are saying and it's easy at 25% because they're on the board. But it's been really incredible the amount of support we're getting from our shareholders. I think through the process we've picked up a couple new, traditional long-only shareholders. So it's been a good experience for us and we're definitely getting the ra ra to go forward. With respect to talking to the NYSE or Deutsche Boerse shareholders, clearly, the NYSE shareholders love the optionality, love the fact that our bid is 20% higher and are also quite encouraging for us to pursue the bid. And I have to say that with respect to what we put forward yesterday, that is probably a direct result of conversations with NYSE shareholders.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we obviously have dealt with the regulators all across Europe and here in the U.S. The discussions are definitely pursuing. We're definitely pursuing them. I would say with respect to the antitrust aspect of the regulation here in the States, it's definitely one where they're taking input. We're providing with them reams of data. We've had a number of face-to-face meetings where we're explaining exactly how our business operates. They are reaching out to customers in all segments of our business. And I think what we're most pleased about is the level of engagement, involvement in the sheer number of people from the DOJ who have been working with us.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think the complex order type has a ways to run, but it's certainly been helpful, but it's also other actions that the management team has taken that has improved our capture.
Robert Greifeld: All right, but let me get back to my point. So the much-maligned Cash Equity business now over a long period of time is outperforming some of the wanted [ph] Derivatives franchise. So we definitely stand by our comment that you can do quite well. And it's also interesting to note that in the Cash Equity business, over the last four years, has gone through what I call abnormal competition as it was released from monopoly-type strictures into an open world. We've been in what I'll call more normal competition for the last number of quarters. So we feel good about what can transpire as we have some basic pickup in economic activity. In terms of the Equity business in the U.S., just one point I'll make is that PSX, we had that at a inverted capture and we changed that to a positive capture so that had obviously some positive impact in our business. And in terms of the Nordic, I think it was just a normal to-ing and fro-ing of the markets. No structural change.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, that was certainly -- I want to make clear that, that was not to be netted out of our original bid of $42.50, so it was inclusive of that. So $42.50 would be the value that we deliver to the NYSE shareholders, and that was in our funding consideration.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, it was a great quarter, Patrick, wasn't it? I'm going to be very predictable today. I would say that to clarify some of the press supports that came out on Friday, we met with the Department of Justice last week. We met with them physically again this week for a very long meeting. And I would, in my words, would say that they are in input mode, right. And we are giving them a tremendous amount of data, tremendous amount of information, and we're certainly impressed with their prior knowledge of the space and they're obviously spending time coming up to the latest state of play. And they're asking us a lot of different insightful questions, which we're scurrying around answering back and the outreach to the customers is proceeding apace. So they control the timing. It's completely in terms of their process. We are just obviously encouraged that this amount of time and effort put into it. Our experts who work with the agencies on a regular basis as their career certainly see the input mode at this pace will slow down or slacken 6 weeks from now, would be their guess. Again this is not a DOJ comment. It's their guess. And at that point then, you can start having more of a 2-way dialogue.
Robert Greifeld: That was good. When you're getting interrupted by your General Counsel on an earnings call, you get concerned. Glad he clarified. Yes, so the DOJ has been working with us prior to the Hart-Scott. We're grateful for that. And as I said, it's been an intensive dialogue and now we'll have a formal filing. And that formal filing will also be in various jurisdictions in Europe.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, definitely. I didn't highlight from a numerical point of view and maybe I should have. On a revenue growth percentage basis, it's impressive. The Repo business had a very strong quarter. Our interest rate swap effort in the Nordic gains, what I'll say, traction within that community. We've done a number of test rates and we expect -- we have great opportunity to bring that to a production status in the second half of the year. Our efforts with IDCG made tremendous progress in the quarter in terms of our engagement with the dealers community. Also we had some great success in NOCC where the number of clearing members has increased dramatically and somewhat counterintuitively. With all the discussion about margin and margin efficiency, we have a tremendous amount of margin in the NOCC clearinghouse where the margin's greater than the transactional activities. So we think that bodes obviously good things for us because the firms are not putting the margin on deposits just because they want to. So it was just a very strong quarter in the new initiative front also. Not material to the earnings as of yet, but still we look for effectiveness, and we were achieving that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, let me say this. I think first and foremost, we give a lot of credit to the NYX board. We obviously know some of those folks and you read the bios, they are people of I think great stature in their communities. And it's also in a unique position to be on the board of a company that develops and promulgates listing rules. You have a special responsibility to your shareholders. So we certainly remain optimistic that the NYSE board will essentially do the right thing, evaluate our proposal, and we are involved with what I'll call friendly discussions with them. And certainly from our point of view as we look at the proposal that we put forward yesterday and you look at each of the important metrics that you'd use to come up with your decision, we think we're clearly superior in each and every way. And certainly, when we have a reverse breakup fee and the other fellow does not, that speaks volumes there. So that's our plan. As I said in my comments, we are pursuing a friendly approach and our expectation that, that will be, at some point in time, properly received.
Robert Greifeld: We don't think in those terms. We obviously have reached out and spoken to, I think a wide variety of shareholders in NYX, and we will continue to do that in the days and weeks to come. And I think the NYX shareholders want to know, are we in this for the end game? And that cuts across all manner of shareholder. And I think that was a driving factor in what we put forward yesterday. And I think it conclusively says, okay, ICE and NASDAQ together are serious. We're in this for the duration. And again I want to highlight that this is not personal. This is our job as care agents for our shareholders to do. We have tremendous respect for what the board with Duncan and the management team have done there. It's just our role here is to pursue this and we'll pursue this to the end game.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. Certainly in our planning -- and I won't go to more detail on this, we have a scenario that takes us out into April 2012. And we are prepared to pursue a plan that would take us to April 2012. But I would say that we see that as a low probability. And again I hearken back to my comments is this NYSE organization is certainly keenly aware of shareholder rights. We, as listing organization, deal with these issues on a regular basis. And we certainly took it upon ourselves, based upon their rejections, to say, okay, what are their points that are valid? We obviously disagreed with the conclusion, but what are their points that are valid and how can we respond to their points in a productive way? And again this is in the context you're trying to make this into a friendly transaction. We are keenly aware that we're uninvited, but that has the ability to change as we put things on the table that obviously are attractive to shareholders. They also will be attractive to the NYSE board. And we certainly are interested to sit down and talk to them. We certainly believe this transaction will create the undisputed cash equity-leading franchise on a global basis. It'll be attractive to people from all corners of the planet. And when you look at what Jeff has done with the derivatives franchise, life coming together with Jeff's remarkable innovation and entrepreneurship is a powerful thing for shareholders. And it's important to recognize our bid is cash and stock. So the stock component is real. People have to believe in what this will mean over the fullness of time. Now you obviously have a philosophical difference with respect to a exchange supermarket versus focus exchanges. It's our point of view that investors like pure plays. They can make their own allocation decisions. And we certainly believe that the Liffe franchise is under the NYSE Euronext name, really in name only. It's running on a different technology system. It has different segment reporting. And as Jeff and I spoke about this, we realized how it was fundamentally separate from NYSE Euronext. And when we look at the world, we certainly see that equities and equity options are 1 logical business grouping, but fixed income derivatives and equities really don't intertwine very much at all. I mean, it's fine enough to have it under 1 roof. But there's no synergistic strategic value to do that, and we certainly think Jeff, together with Liffe, will represent greater synergies and greater opportunities to develop more customers and more products for customers.
Robert Greifeld: Well, in terms of the concern, Daniel, it's clearly 1 thing and 1 thing only, and that is the antitrust concern. And if we had the ability to deliver greater clarity or certainty to them on the antitrust issue, then this would be a very straightforward transaction for us to complete. I think the investors clearly understand the industrial logic even with the NYSE-Deutsche Boerse space -- transaction, I mean, it's not like cash equities is going away. In a real sense, it's a question of do you create a more powerful franchise by putting NYSE and NASDAQ together? Or do you make it more powerful by putting Frankfurt and NYSE together. And I think the answer there is quite straightforward. And the investors know ICE and Jeff's track record and certainly see that under his stewardship, the Liffe asset could have a quite exciting future. So it's just entirely positive. It's a question of the antitrust issue. And they are excited by the fact that now we'll be filing the HSR, that we have intensive meetings with them. We're obviously not sugarcoating the issue and we are presenting our arguments of why we think this thing will be able to get approved by the DOJ, and time will tell.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I would say is we need to increase the non-transaction revenue in that business. So if you look at what we've accomplished in the U.S. with Access Services, we have to replicate that in some close fashion in the Nordics. And that's where part of our fundamental difference of approach comes to bear where we have strengthened the data center in Stockholm. We have been about building the Nordic as a separate destination within the pan-European firmament, and that clearly, should have benefits to us on the Access Services side. So we are in a position to really have that work for us, but we clearly have to deliver on that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we certainly believe that what we accomplished in the first quarter is sustainable. And again the pricing decisions in the options world are quite arcane, sometimes counterintuitive, but surprisingly effective in terms of how we approach it. So really pricing, in the options even more so from the equities, springs from a fundamental understanding of what the customers are trying to accomplish and what particular segment of the customers you're addressing. So it's quite detailed, quite nuanced, and I think we're quite good at it.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I say is that we have a lot of things on our to-do list these days. And when your bid is 20% higher than the competing bid, you actually don't spend lot of time thinking about how you can raise it that much more. I would make the general statement that clearly diligence is an opportunity for NYSE shareholders to allow us to put on the table a offer that's fully reflective of the knowledge available to us. We did our best job knowing the businesses over the last number of years. But still there's a fundamental difference between having diligence and not.
Robert Greifeld: I would say this. With every synergy number we have put forward in every deal, we have under promised and over delivered. And this number fits within that context. So I think our record speaks for itself.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the first thing I would say is the offer that we have on the table has been carefully calibrated to ensure that we do maintain investment-grade rating, and we would be at a leverage ratio below 3 after 12 months. So it's clearly an investment-grade company. The second factor is our Nordic clearinghouses ring fence and it has an A rating. And we obviously have that completely isolated ring fenced and nothing to do with the parent.
Robert Greifeld: So I think you probably have to do some previous comment that the co-location business in the Nordic was not a roaring success for us in the first quarter. The demand appears to be very strong, but we haven't turned it into revenue to the extent that we want to. So it represents opportunity for us. We're focused on it. And as I said, that's fundamental to our plans going forward.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one, the regulator comment is different than investors in the beginning. At the end, they come together. So we are having very detailed discussions with the regulators. Certainly, our view of the listing franchises and our argument is set around kind of 4 pillars. And I won't go into detail now, but just very quickly when you look at the marketplace raising money, there's a very large market outside of the public market. And once you get to the public market, then there are a multitude of global choices. One of the days we were down at the DOJ, the Glencore announcement was public, so that's helpful. We have a Swiss company listing in Hong Kong and London.  The second -- and probably at the end of the day the most important piece, is the profound regulation that we have from the SEC. So when you think about remedies that the DOJ might ask for, we live in that remedy world today with respect to the fact that we can't change a price. And a lot of the times, price changes have to go through public comment and review. So traditional remedies we agree to limit the price change -- well, right now I don't even have that power to change the pricing. So the DOJ has to understand the fact that okay, we say we're a regulator but what does that really mean? It's really akin to a regulatory environment of the utility.  A third is, in our business, again under SEC dictate, is there are essentially no barriers to entry. Once you have an exchange license, our listing rules in the post-Sarbanes-Oxley era are remarkably similar to NYSE's listing rules and as that comes live with their product bills, just copy ours. And what's remarkable is that we've been endeavoring to get a quasi-venture market approved under BX and it's been a 2-year effort and hopefully soon we'll get that approval. But once we have it, then that's in direct danger and NYSE can file a B3A and make it immediately effective. So in terms of normal competitive dynamics, it's kind of upside down. You get a penalty for innovating, a financial penalty and you gain no time advantage. And then in the construct of having these products we so defined, what will end up happening is you have a situation of what the economist will call nonessential competition. It's competition, but it's not competition that DOJ economists worry about in how to protect and inform customers about. So we certainly think that our opening bell ceremony is superior to theirs. We have a lot of loud music going as we open our bell, and we have confetti and theirs, they're on a balcony over a trading floor. We host our investor events and we kind of have a cool conference room and they have a conference room with a lot of wood and a vase, if I recollect from Czar Nicholas. And we compete room-to-room and bell-to-bell and it is competition, but it's not essential. So that's a broad outline of some of the things we're talking to the DOJ about. So we pursue the arguments, and right now we're encouraged.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one is we put the $90 million number out there for credibility, but to the extent that happens and there's been some failure of the management team's plans that we put in place. Now we have obviously learned from our past experiences. And when you look at what we did with INET Group and SuperMontage, we took the 3 matching engines and in the space of the year, we consolidated it down to 1. It was Pearl Harbor data, Pearl Harbor day -- if you folks are following us over the time, remember. So it was a wonderful technical success and we kept it as 1 venue in the construct of the maxim that liquidity attracts liquidity. And we found out soon enough that in a Reg NMS world, a protective quote was the dominant way the market would operate. As we went forward in time, we acquired PHLX and we had launched NOM before that. And we said okay, let's not make the same mistake again, and we came out with 2 separate venues. And for those who follow us again, if you remember the big concern with PHLX was the dealers were selling it to us and were they going to be committed to retain the order flow. And that was a legitimate concern and obviously -- we fast forward here, it's worked out remarkably well where our market share went from, call it, 13% to 23%, and NOM went from 0.1% or 0.2% to 5%. So we executed the separate venues strategy quite successfully. Now in this transaction, we would do obviously the same separate venue strategy. We would consolidate down to 1 platform, and the different venues would really be different instances in the same data center, really in the same rack, but allow the customers to trade in the same fashion that they do now. So with INET Group and Montage, we forced the customers into a change, which we learned from PHLX. And the very strong positive comments we were getting from customers is when you look at the impact of Reg NMS and competition, the explicit transaction rate has declined quite dramatically. But the infrastructure cost of hooking to the various venues under the Reg NMS has also exploded so the net savings is not nearly as high as you think. So in this transaction, our customers will be able to reduce their infrastructure costs quite dramatically. And that would apply both on the data and the transaction side. So there's certainly positive about that. So we reduced their costs and then what we have here is a tiered pricing plan, and we would continue and probably accelerate the tiering where a higher-end customers, higher-volume customers, would trade essentially for free and to the extent they do that, then we won't be spending the $90 million. But it's also important to recognize with our tiered pricing -- and this is an important concept, the incremental market share is more about pride and bragging rights than about economics. We certainly want the incremental volume. It's important to us. And we do have pride in our market-share numbers and they're paying us something for it. But if you look at what Eric and the team have done over the last number of years, is we have carefully calibrated our pricing to make sure we maximize our capture and didn't have to chase after the last point of market share. So I'm saying 1 is we will chase after it. We'll tier the pricing, so that from our point of view, it'll be more about ego than other things. To the extent we lose some of the market share, we won't be happy. It won't affect the economics that strongly. But it's also important to note that if we lose the market share, they would be going to a venue that would be certainly more expensive because our top tier would be certainly lower than anything they can get from another venue. So that's the outlines of the plan that we have.
Robert Greifeld: It's all going to be based upon what current market conditions are when we actually close the deal, but some indication of prices that we have right now is between LIBOR plus 200 to 225.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think it's got a separate dimension to it, and what is the read on the Deutsche Boerse-Liffe standing with the competition committee. So I think it's somewhat not fair to ask shareholders on either deal to vote without the clear visibility on either issue is what I would say. And certainly, if I was a shareholder I would feel that way. So I would think the timing of the votes at the end of the day have to be timed to where there's some degree of certainty for the shareholders. It's not fair to ask the shareholders to vote on something not knowing if the deal can get approved or if the remedies are fundamental to the business model.
Robert Greifeld: Eric is here and I'll let him answer, but I will just start by saying for us to predict when and how the SEC will act is a difficult science.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. Well, the first thing we'd say and we're not naive, but we are optimistic that the board will see, in their fiduciary duty to shareholders, reasons to engage us in conversation. As we said, we just put something on the table yesterday that -- we listened hard to what they were saying. We responded to it, and we think that should be effective. Going beyond that, I'm making the general statement that we're here to the end of the process. We spoke to next April, and I think implicit in those comments, there are some actions that would involve us directly engaging with shareholders. It is not the outcome that we want. It is not the outcome that we expect. As I said, we have great respect for their board. We want to listen to what they have to say to the extent they have more legitimate instructions, then we will listen to that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, certainly if we get DOJ approval first, then we have not yet been engaged by the board, we think that would be the ultimate trigger for the board to reach out to us. We are -- from our point of view, I'm not speaking to the DOJ, confident in terms of the process we have to go through and the way I would characterize it is we have to explain to the DOJ market share. And in Europe, they have both a market share and a market structure question. And in certain ways, the market structure question is more problematic than the market share. So with us having 1 issue and them having 2, we certainly think that we have the clearer path and a more certain path to get approval. And I also think as we get into a remedy discussion -- if we get to a remedy discussion, what exists for us today with the SEC oversight would be classical antitrust-type remedy solutions. So we're already living in that regime.
Robert Greifeld: Well, you get to do exciting things once you get to 1 technology platform and Eric and team have a number of different creative thoughts. But clearly, you want to provide some cross-venue capability. And Reg NMS "stop the top of the book" protection. One of the things you could think about is full-book protection across your venues. So you have to make it feel to issuers and to the global marketplace like it's 1 integrated controlled market. One of the complaints here for issuers today or if you go overseas why people want to shy away from the market is they believe it has excessive fragmentation and has a certain fragile nature to it. And so you've got to take steps to address those real and legitimate concerns.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely. And even to the extent you're running multiple venues what I'm saying, Brian, is you can put in structures that to the issuers and to the outside world it will look, feel and be under command and control as if it was 1 central book.
Robert Greifeld: Well, since Eric is from Susquehanna, I'll let him answer this kind of question. You probably know each other.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I'll let Ed -- and I say I have not heard that before, Rob. I had not talked to anybody so you have different sources than I do, and they're not emanating from the NASDAQ OMX.
Robert Greifeld: All right. Thank you, and I thank everybody for their time today. I appreciate the questions. And strong quarter in difficult economic times. And we obviously look forward to better economic times and outstanding quarters. So thank you.
Ronald Hassen: Yes, and also the breakup fee is part of our commitment with the banks. And so they're well aware of that as part of our commitment.
Ronald Hassen: All right. So let me start with a broad response to your question. When we look at the cash equity business, we have to make sure that we don't define it just as the match because when you look at the cash equity business, there have been strong pockets of growth outside of the match. And we had certainly made the strategic decision to ensure that we are positioned in those different pockets of growth within cash equities. So probably 3 years ago we were walking around saying match, match and match market share, but there's a lot of other things going on. So most notably, have you seen our success with Access Services, then in our moves in 2010 with both FTEN and SMARTS, that was clearly a continuation of that strategy. And when you look at the aftermath of May 6, the conclusion was these electronic matching engines that have the ability to turn into a Frankenstein will not go away. So we have to ensure that we have the controls on the front end where the low-latency products such as FTEN and then we have the surveillance capability on the back end with the products such as SMARTS. And the regulatory environment is clearly getting to the point where that's not even optional, but you need it just as a cost of being in business. And the regulatory regime in cash equities is quite strong, and we have to make sure that we participate in that. So we certainly see those businesses having a higher growth rate as Access Services had in the years to come. With respect to the Transaction business in the first quarter, it was quite anemic. And we are especially proud of the $0.61 because it was quite anemic. I think we had essentially 1 good week out of the 12 or the 13. So we had 11 quite mediocre weeks. The second quarter is really not much better. We see low volume, low volatility. So we are managing through what I'll say is a difficult time and we're proud of how we're doing it. And as I said in my opening comments, the beauty of our business model is any incremental activity will flow right to the bottom line. And in our business, incremental activity can come very quickly and obviously disappear quickly. With respect to the Nordic business, I'm not sure I have the detailed answers here, but down 17% on the capture side. I think we'll have to run that down and get back to you, right.
Ronald Hassen: Yes, that $25 million increase for, I guess, to use the term nonrecurring here, is, really relates to our bid with NYSE. We're looking at M&A fees, commitment fees, legal fees, all associated with our bid. It's strictly that $25 million. That's what it represents.
Ronald Hassen: Yes, there's not exhaustion here. I mean, a lot of deals actually slipped into the second quarter. Our pipeline is very, very strong, and I think you'll see a big rebound in the second quarter.
Edward Knight: Hold on 1 second. This is Ed Knight. On the Hart-Scott and on the antitrust issue, one, the Justice department began a formal investigation on this around the time of our announcement. We are now, though, going to be filing under Hart-Scott, which will give us more certainty around timing in terms of the waiting periods and the deadlines that exist under the Hart-Scott statute, so we'll have the benefit of that.
Edward Knight: Just to be clear, we believe this transaction not only does not present antitrust problems. We believe it is very pro-competitive, and we are engaged in the process of giving the Justice Department the facts they need to reach that same conclusion. But the combination of global competition, competition from other segments of the industry, the narrowness of the real competition that exists and the SEC regulation that exists all lead us to believe that when we complete this transaction, not only will there not be antitrust problems but that we will be positioned to compete more effectively globally and deliver more value and innovation to our customers. But we're in the midst of making those arguments and the key is to deliver the facts that support that. We're not anywhere near the discussion of remedies.
Edward Knight: The nature of the regulation is that any policy or practice involved in the listing of securities must be submitted to the SEC for their review, publication and approval. That includes all pricing activity in that business. And so there is already a very deep pricing regulation in place that allows the public and customers to fully voice any concerns around market power.
