Adena Friedman: Thanks, Owen. Sure. So we actually described the current cross-sell campaigns at Investor Day a few weeks ago, and it really covers across the fin tech division. So one of the cross-sell campaigns is really focusing on bringing more of the Calypso risk management, collateral management capabilities into our market operator clients.  Another one actually is working with the Calypso clients to bring more AxiomSL capabilities, so bringing AxiomSL into some of the capital markets firms where they have new regulatory obligations that they're facing.  And then the third is introducing some of the Verafin clients to the AxiomSL team as well and the Calypso team, particularly actually on the treasury management capabilities within Calypso, that we think are relevant to the Tier 3 banks that we -- that are really a big part of the Verafin client base.  So those are the 3 main campaigns we have, but I would tell you it is actually really interesting as we talk to our bank clients, our broker-dealer clients, our exchange clients. When we have conversations today, it generally will start with one product and then move to a second. I was actually talking to one client just the other day, where they're an AxiomSL client and they're really interested in anti-fin crime. So we can kind of look holistically at the strategic relationship in ways that we haven't been able to do in the past. So it's been a great start, and we hope to be able to show some tangible progress. It will take time for these opportunities to turn into contracts. As you know, it takes time to contract with banks, but we are very encouraged by the early conversations we're having. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, sure. So you're right. We didn't sign any new clients, but we are working really well and implementing the clients we signed last year. And that's going quite well. And we have a lot -- a very, very good pipeline of companies either that we're in the middle of doing proofs of concepts for or we're in the middle of contracting. And so we do feel very good about our ability to continue to sign those clients as we proceed through the year. And it's interesting.  So the challenges that we're really focused on that we bring to the clients -- usually the first way to get in the door at least is through the fraud detection and investigative capabilities because it's just such an easy and clear return on invested -- investment that we can show them in terms of reducing false positives and increasing fraud found.  Another area of focus right now for a lot of the bigger banks is check fraud, and we have a new check fraud capability that we're rolling out that we think is really best in class. And we're really excited on our engagement there. And then with our new -- our entity research and copilot tool, that really supports our anti-money laundering capabilities. And with a 90% reduction in investigative time, we actually think that could be a really great way for us to engage with larger banks, in addition, of course, to our entire clientele.  In terms of the international expansion, we're focused, I think we've mentioned at Investor Day, primarily on Canada and the U.K. And some of those are progressing quite along, and some of them are still very early conversations. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. Thanks, Alex. Actually I'll go -- I'll cover Calypso and AxiomSL together, so -- I mean each of them. But I think Sarah did a really nice job of laying out the growth for each of the products as well as combined. And what you're seeing is some of it is timing of renewals. So we did have a really good renewal quarter for Calypso and AxiomSL but particularly at Calypso with more of the on-prem deliveries, so our on-prem renewals, which you know is a good revenue driver for us in terms of how we recognize the license fees.  But if you look at just ARR growth, which is really kind of takes out some of that onetime benefit and just looks overall at the strength of the platform, they're both growing in the mid-teens ARR growth. And I think that that's just showing strong demand across the clientele for Calypso. It's risk management, treasury risk management, capital risk management. And I think that they're -- that's a big, big focus of banks. And we still are in that sweet spot of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 banks that we can sign across the world.  I think with AxiomSL, it's all about new regulation, and so we have the ESG modules that we sold into the G-SIBs, so it's really interesting. We're definitely making progress on signing around the Basel requirements and other new regulations that are coming. And so I would have to say it's a pretty consistent demand cycle for both products, and we -- and we're -- it's been great. I mean the clients are really excited to work with us.  As well as also talking about like that one connector, that one client that did connector between Calypso and AxiomSL, what that means is they're already a Calypso client. They know they have new regulation. Instead of having to like create a whole new data integration for AxiomSL, we're able to take the data from the Calypso and automatically imported into AxiomSL, and that lowers the time to market for us to implement the Axiom products and obviously makes the Axiom product more appealing. So pretty excited about what we're doing across both products this year. 
Adena Friedman: Yes, sure, yes. So I think, when we sign new clients to the next-gen system, whether it's trading or clearing, we do have implementation revenue, and now we're calling that professional services revenue that comes in as we work through the implementation. We'd start to receive the license revenue upon delivery, so that's a little bit of a difference between Calypso, Axiom versus market tech.  But what we're finding is, when we work with them on the next-gen systems, first of all, it allows them to have flexibility to consider cloud for the first time, right? So markets both on trading and on clearing settlement, it allows them to start to understand that they can deliver these and start to operate in cloud, which would increase our share of wallet if that's the way they choose to go, but even without that, we do have some opportunity to upsell them on the renewal because it's really world-class technology and also provide them additional services.  So for an example, with one client that we're working with, they also are taking risk management capabilities, which is cloud delivered, as well as market operations capabilities, which are cloud delivered, so we have an ability to actually continue to upsell them on other components of what it means to run a market. And those are all cloud delivered, so they're much easier for us to implement for them. And that's the way that we're working with these -- our market tech clients to continue to get a bigger share of their spend while also giving them more value and modernizing their business. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. I'm going to hand the first part of the question over to Sarah. And I'll talk about Corporate Solutions. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. So that -- I think we started to talk about that towards the end of last year, but I think it's important to recognize, as Sarah said, it's a slow-moving train in terms of both the impact of the delisting environment but then also the impact of an improving IPO environment.  Now how that parlays into corporate services, one of the things that we've talked about over the last several years -- and it's kind of the flywheel effect of having -- when we have an active IPO environment, we get more companies to come into the market. They start to understand the needs for their investor relations capabilities. They want to modernize their governance and ESG reporting for their clients. And they start to look not only at the IPO package we give them but other upsells and capabilities we can offer them. And that's a positive flywheel. Now in a tougher environment where we have companies delisted but also fewer new customers to sell to, that's also having kind of the flip effect on market -- or on the Corporate Solutions business, so we want to make sure you're -- you guys understand those dynamics.  When we think about Corporate Solutions overall, and we've had this business for a long time, we've kind of described it as kind of a business that has, I would say, kind of low to mid-single-digit type of growth environment, as a general matter, when markets are normalized. And this isn't necessarily a totally normalized environment.  So we're wanting to give you those -- that context, so you think about that -- what that means for the overall Workflow and Insights business. And that's why Sarah shared with you kind of our full year view of that business, as compared to outlook, versus the Index business, of course, where we're having a very strong start to the year. And we anticipate that, that would be -- that would come in above our outlook for the year. 
Adena Friedman: I mean that generally occurs in the second quarter. I don't think that we have a precise answer to that, but it generally occurs in the second quarter. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. So I think that I would say, first of all, as we said before, we have about -- half the revenue increases tend to come from upsells. And half come from pricing changes and new sells -- sales. We don't try to break that out further than that. And I think that's generally the case. I don't know if it's precisely the case for this quarter, but that's the general way that we consider the revenue growth.  In terms of how that might change over time, I think that really has more to do with as we continue to roll out the cloud capabilities for our clients because that gives us a chance to do more for the client and, therefore, get a higher value for our solutions. And so that creates a pricing lever for us, but that's because we're providing more value. So as we continue to progress with the cloud and new bookings in cloud -- as you saw with Axiom, we had 50% of new bookings in cloud. We were a little slower this quarter on Calypso, but that's kind of more of a timing thing.  I think that we believe that, that will continue to progress our ability to have that as a pricing lever but also make it so that the revenue is more stable over time. You have more predictable revenue streams in the years ahead, but we are in that transition period, so that transition period creates the ability for -- and we want to make sure we're giving you color on this on-prem versus cloud so that you can kind of work with us through that transition period to those benefits from cloud over time. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. I just want to say we have some deliveries that we're delivering kind of partway through the year. That, obviously, has been turned on the license revenues, and so that can help. And then we feel that we have a good pipeline of growth and new clients so that we'll be able to deliver growth as we go through the year, but we feel very good about -- as you said, it's within the range, and I think you said strong within the range. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. Thanks, Craig. Yes, you're right. So we have a great opportunity there, and we've been putting a lot of focus on that. It's been a good collaboration between our index team and the options team, so we -- what's nice is we have all of that within Nasdaq. So together, they're working on building a really good, robust trading ecosystem for the NDX options platform, as well as building on an institutional demand for our index products, which then drives interest in hedging and other things that would then drive interest in the index options.  So it's definitely kind of taking hold. I think we had a really strong uptick in volumes in the index options year-over-year. It was like 80% increase and then a, like, 15% quarter-over-quarter increase in the volumes in the index options. So it's -- that's definitely been a really great bright spot. And we agree. We're just at the beginning of what we can achieve there. 
Adena Friedman: I would actually say that, as we move more towards cloud, there should be less of a delta, but that's a long transition. I think we have to recognize that, for the AxiomSL, Calypso and market tech businesses, those are still primarily an on-prem delivered solution with transitions to cloud, whereas for the financial crime management business it's entirely cloud, as well as NTS now. That's a SaaS business. So the majority of those revenues, you'll see more of a -- the ARR looking closer to total revenue.  So that delta, I would say, will persist for a while, but we're trying to give you enough transparency so that you can understand the difference and you understand the trends that are driving the differences. But when we look at our business, we say, what's the underlying health of our business, we are focusing on ARR. And that, to us, is a better reflection of the overall client demand, as opposed to like individual deliveries and professional services. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. So almost half of the new bookings were cloud last year. I think that, as we were starting this year, we saw 50% of the new bookings for AxiomSL were cloud this year and with Calypso being lower around 18%, but as we said before, it's more of a timing issue. So we would hope that we would get around the same level over the course of the year, but we're not able to provide you kind of quarter by quarter. I think we just are giving you a little bit more overall color for the quarter in AxiomSL and Calypso just to help you model but not to that level of precision. 
Adena Friedman: Yes, sure, yes. So I think every quarter is a little bit of a different story and based on the nature of the companies that are going public, but our overall view is that we have a great, strong pipeline. We have a great platform. We're very confident in our ability to keep our win rate high. And we're really excited about the companies that are looking to go public in the next -- hopefully, in the next quarters. And also -- I would also mention that, over the last year, our win rate was 80%. So we have to look at it a little bit over a longer period of time, but we have 80 companies in the pipeline to go public on Nasdaq. And we're really hopeful that they feel good about being able to tap the markets in the coming quarters. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. Actually we had -- just had a meeting about it across the management committee last week, where we talked about how we're going to approach enterprise sales and making sure that we have -- across Nasdaq, we have a good connective tissue to make sure that we can deliver for the enterprises. And we're doing a lot in blocking and tackling.  So first is making sure we have kind of an enterprise sales organization. The second thing is we're doing a lot in the data management of our client data to make sure we can look at our client data across the franchise and be able to have line of sight across the franchise so that we can actually talk to the clients on an enterprise basis. And then in terms of the sales commissions to the way that our price sales team works with the product sales teams, we've designed a commission plan around that, that I think really helps drive behaviors and alignment.  So that's -- all of that is actually -- just so you know that enterprise sales team is being built within fin tech, but the collaboration across the fin tech division and the cap division and Market Services is really, really strong. And we hope to be able to demonstrate really good strength there and -- going forward. That's a big part of our ability to achieve the cross-sell target, but we definitely have made a lot of progress already. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. So you're right. So we've given a stat at Investor Day that I think is worth mentioning. So about 70% of our revenue comes from the Nasdaq-100 franchise, but another 30% comes from other indices that we have in terms of innovative indexes around AI, cloud and cyber as well as momentum and other factor indices that we have around the world. So it actually is a pretty diversified platform.  And in terms of the inflows, it's pretty mixed, meaning that it's coming from all of our Index products, with probably strength coming in on some of the innovation indexes, the Nasdaq-100 as well and on global distribution. So we've definitely been really focused on globalizing the distribution of our products and bringing in investment and inflows across the world. So those are probably the ones that are getting the most inflows, but it isn't just the Nasdaq-100.  And what's really interesting is it's been very consistent. Whether or not the markets are up or down, we're seeing inflows. And so I think that that's also showing that investors are kind of seeing through a quarter and reflecting on the future of the economy, and they want to be a part of that. So that's what we're seeing in terms of inflows. 
Adena Friedman: I think that the reason why we wanted to give you that level of disclosure this quarter is just to help you understand kind of how we see the year. I think that as -- if the IPO environment ramps up, and that's -- it's an if, we've -- and obviously it's a when at some point, but in terms of looking at it within the year, if we see improvement there, we tend to have, I would say, probably on average kind of a 6-month sales cycle would probably be a good average, around maybe 4 to 6 months in terms of an average on sales cycle for clients.  But I -- so -- but then, of course, they also have to understand what -- that they need the product. So if they go public, they start to recognize that they really want more intelligence about their investors. They really want to make sure they have the right ESG reporting. And they start to work with us more holistically kind of as they season. And then there, I would say maybe like sometimes it can be a very quick sales cycle, but we'll say like 4 to 6 months is a general view, so you're talking about more going into 2025 to start to see momentum if we have a recovery in the IPO environment. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, we're not going to provide you specific kind of views of the revenue growth other than we say that it's mid-20s. And we feel good about the overall outlook there. I think that as -- with the copilot capability, the way that we're rolling out copilot would be the same that we're rolling out any new module that we provide to our small to medium bank clients. So when a small and medium bank client signs up for Verafin, they sign up for the platform. And we then introduce new modules into that platform -- or new capabilities into that platform through their contract period. And then at the end of the contract period, we walk through with them what's the return that we've offered them through that period and, therefore, what would be the price increase that we think is appropriate for the value that we're providing to them.  So as we roll out the copilot capabilities and we get usage across the platform, across the banks, it will help us show a really strong ROI for them so that in our renewal talks, it becomes a part of that conversation. But it's not a module that we're selling discretely to them. We want them to use it. We want them to integrate it into workflows. And we want them -- we want this product to be as sticky as possible and as valuable as possible, so -- for the renewal conversations.  As we look upmarket into the Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks, where it's all new sales and where we're selling modules, so as we go in and talk to them, are -- the modules that are the most straightforward to sell across our platform are the fraud modules because it's a very clear calculus of return to them. But as you talk about AML, it's a much more complicated problem. And now we have this new tool that we can offer through our AML solution that shows a clear return. So in addition to doing a great job of rooting out criminal behaviors and money laundering, we also can show them we're going to save them a ton of time and resources on the investigative side of it. And so we do think it will help us with sales. It will help us show value to the platform. And we can look at that as part of the pricing that we discussed with them when we signed them. So that's basically how we're using this tool to kind of drive sales retention and upsells. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. I'd say, first of all, one of the really big -- let's start with AxiomSL. One of their strongest elements is that they're completely global. They connect into over 100 regulators and across more than 50 countries. And so when they're talking to a bank that has any business in any country, they can say, "Look, not only can we solve the problems within country, but we can help you with your entire global business and all the regulatory reporting needs."  It also -- it's a machine. Like it's an amazing team of people. They have the regulatory expertise. And so when -- as soon as a new rule is even introduced or contemplated, they're already writing the requirements to bring that into the tool, so we're ahead of the rules every time a new rule comes out with a new module. And I -- it's interesting also. There's obviously a lot of new regulation coming, but we just, I think, do a great job of providing a very elegant way to ingest their data, deliver solutions, make it really efficient and on a global basis.  Now when it comes to Calypso, I think that, what we're finding -- there are 2 elements at Calypso that are just like world class, best in class. One of them is our collateral management capability. It's just excellent. And so we can walk in and show that we can really make them much more efficient managing their collateral, which then gives them better ability to drive liquidity across their franchise. It frees up capital.  The second thing is kind of clearing risk management, trading risk management so that, again, they can unlock liquidity and unlock capital for the use in the markets.  And then the third is on the treasury side. That's been a fast grower both on the brokerage businesses but also buy side. So any active trading buy-side client, the treasury tool has been a really good growth area for us.  So I think those are the areas where we just feel like we're kind of -- we're best in class. And that drives a lot of great conversations with the clients. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. So well, first of all, we are in a kind of what I would call an upgrade cycle for Calypso. So we have a new version that we're rolling out. And we're working to make sure we get all of our clients onto that version this year. So that's driving renewal activity.  I think that -- but more generally, we have also -- the Basel III and Basel IV end game is a driver of revenue growth and demand. And clients are really talking about it more as a when and how big, as opposed to if. And so I think that customers who are forward leaning are already signing with us to make sure that they're entirely ready. And with this Calypso-Axiom data transfer capability, we're also working with some of our Axiom clients on some Calypso capabilities that help them manage their capital more efficiently while they're managing their regulatory needs because that's going to be a big element of focus for the regulators.  So I have to say I do feel like those are the areas where we're seeing a product road map in year. Multiyear product road map is about making sure we continue to modernize the cloud-delivered solutions, make sure that we can do that super efficiently for them. We have more data -- modern data management capabilities that allow us to unlock more functionality within the platforms and make the products even more valuable to them. 
Adena Friedman: Great. Well, thank you very much.  So as you heard throughout the meeting, Nasdaq continues to make progress on our 3 key priorities: Integrate, Innovate, and Accelerate, which will underpin our leadership and momentum as we move through the year. United behind these strategic priorities and powered by our market-leading platforms, we're firmly positioned to unlock our next phase of resilient and scalable growth. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress throughout the year.  Thank you all very much, and have a great day. 
Sarah Youngwood: Yes. So what you're looking at in Data and Listings and listings, in particular, is that we are coming into the year, and that's what we've discussed for a while at this point, with some headwinds. And in particular, I gave you the $10 million for the delistings of last year and the downgrades. And so that's the impact for 1 quarter.  And so you have that as well as I also mentioned that, as you go into the year, we're going to start seeing the effect of the costs of 2021 not being as well replaced by the following [ classes ]. So the amortization of the initial listing fees is also a headwind, not so much for this quarter but for the rest of the year. So you start with that. And of course, you have -- offsetting that is some benefits of [ right ] pricing as well as the new IPOs, but this is a lot of headwinds to offset.  So this is the context there. So the IPO environment would certainly help if it came in the second half, but it's a slow-moving machine where you will have that amortized. And therefore, it's hard to offset those delisting fees, which are the full impact. 
Sarah Youngwood: Yes. So you heard me well that we would be well positioned within the 3% to 5% range there. And I did say a muted second quarter and the fourth being back ended.  And I think Adena wanted to comment on that. 
Sarah Youngwood: Yes. And I would just add also that the project delivery, which was a tough comp, it was really a tough comp in the first quarter but also a bit in the second quarter. 
Sarah Youngwood: Thanks, Kyle. So in terms of the capital prioritization, we're super consistent with what we said at the Investor Day. We were really glad to be able to pay down the term loan this quarter and to end the quarter at 4.1. We are totally committed to all of the time lines that we have given at Investor Day. So the 9 to 12 months ahead, you can consider that to be something that we will deliver.  And within that, we're keeping some flexibility to consider share repurchases if it makes sense. And that would be, in particular, related to the employee issuance. So offsetting the issuance, we think, is important, but when we look at it comprehensively, we are very, very focused on the deleveraging, in particular, because when you look at the EPS acquisition dilution, given some of the higher debt costs that we can repay even at our current stock price, it's still a really attractive proposition to do that. And of course, the cash flow accretion is something that we are focused on, too. 
