Robert Greifeld: Sure. One is, I'll just start with what we see as a positive. I said it during the prepared part of the call. I mean, really, it was remarkable; one, the number of customers that went live with new software this quarter and did so quite successfully; and two, is the extension we have from some of our main customers over a 5-year period of time, which is also wonderful. The order performance in the first half of the year has been truly outstanding. That being said, we are feeling the currency impact but we also are feeling some impact from some slowdowns, some of the implementations from our customers. That was why we gave a relatively cautious outlook going forward.
Robert Greifeld: The first thing I would say is we expected to show up in the Federal Registry within the week and that will commence a 21-day period for comments.
Robert Greifeld: We expect a 21-day period for comments. So you're looking -- that's kind of the start of the process. And obviously, the commission will go through their machinations. With respect to the plan, as I've said in my prepared comments, it's a long explanation that we've given and we definitely direct you to that. That's our definitive word on the topic, and we've spent a long period of time in consideration of it. So I would have to say that the plan you see is the plan that we're submitted and, yes, we're comfortable with that. I'd also highlight the fact that, in the Facebook situation, it's not pleasant really for anybody involved with it. But when you see this accommodation plan that's been filed, I will definitely highlight the absence of negative comments with respect to the plan from the members who are directly impacted by it. And we don't have an expectation we're going to get a lot of positive comments on it. But the absence of negative comments, I think, is seen as a relative positive and I think us in the industry are getting ready to go forward from this issue.
Robert Greifeld: Well, the answer remains no. So we're not putting apart -- aside any reserves and our capital return plan will continue unaffected by what happened on May 18.
Robert Greifeld: Right, that's a great question. Yes, so we certainly look at it as a three-legged stool in terms of our approach. One, you start with our technology, we'll bring a different level of technology sophistication to that marketplace. Two is, we are certainly partnering with a large number of the players in that marketplace who are clamoring for some sort of alternative to the monopoly power structure that exists in the world today. And probably the third and most importantly and it ties back to the other 2, is that we are strong advocates in the NLX's effort for horizontal clearing. We're partnering with LCH. I think that has broad support from the community and will allow these members to continue with the relationships they have with LCH today and then obviously lever that through our superior technology. So I would say the reception from the community is stronger than we could have expected. And we're working hard.
Robert Greifeld: Well, certainly, a highlight was that our U.S. Options business, I think, one, chose their customers carefully and chose their pricing plan carefully and it shows. So we're happy about that. We're seeing relative weakness in Europe, and we don't have any optimistic forecast for the third and fourth quarter that will change in some fundamental way. So it's definitely, Rich, as you know, we're just living through these times. We're obviously proud of the diversification we put into the business and the fact that we're firing on all the cylinders and we certainly think the Nordics are a relative strength in Europe at this point in time but not immune to the greater global forces in Europe and the rest of the world.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say is, I direct you to 2 things. One is we expect our Corporate Solutions business and our Market Tech business independent of revenue achievement in the second half of the year to have expanding margins. So that will help. I think the margins you see in Access Services will hold relatively constant. And the margin in Data will also be relatively constant. So we have 2 parts of our business: you'd see expanding margins in the second half of the year, and the others should keep its -- keep their high margins but not necessarily expand them.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I believe -- I'll let Lee take the first part of the question. But I believe the timing will be that IDCG will happen before the SEC makes final judgment on the accommodation policy. So soon after the Olympics but certainly not before, I believe there's a LCH board meeting where it's our expectation that it will come to a finality with IDCG. So some time in around mid-August. And with respect to the SEC and the accommodation policy, I would think it's a long shot for the third quarter. Possible, but a long shot but more likely a fourth quarter.
Robert Greifeld: I'd also highlight, as you probably know, Rich, we do have the $10 million from the error account. So the net number is not $62 million.
Robert Greifeld: No. To us, there's 2 separate topics here. Neither one of them will have any real impact on our operation. With respect to the consolidated audit trail, which is now not going to be real-time, we'll be working with that and that will, I think, in its end, will look something like a shared data plan which is on a cost-plus type basis across recovery. So we'll give you more details but it's not going to be in any way shape or form material. Otherwise, immaterial is very overstating it. It's something that just really should be a pass-through for us.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Well, Nimha, I would certainly direct you to think about it in the context over a long period of time, all right? So, yes, we've been in the technology business now for, I guess, 40 years. And in the 40 years, NASDAQ has probably had 2 to 3 issues that have arisen, kind of, in a Facebook-type scenario. So we need to get better so that it happens only once in 30 years as opposed to 2 to 3 times. And that's what we're working on. We're getting the results of the IBM study next week. And we've obviously done our own set of soul searching, and we'll change and improve certain things here as a result of what's transpired. So one, this will not happen on a regular basis and we certainly will work hard to make sure it's 20 or 30 years now before it happens again. But I definitely will direct you to the fact that this is entirely voluntary on our part. As I've said in my comments, we have our legal protections. We are on a voluntary basis. We're choosing to do this, and we don't expect and -- nor do the rating agency expect this to be part of our core business. It has not been, it will not be going forward. And, Lee, do you...
Robert Greifeld: And then I want to make one clarification on NOS. NOS is obviously Nordic derivatives, focusing on freight and also seafood, and they're being integrated into our Nordic operations. So them as a standalone operation, which is not how they operated from day 1 based upon the acquisition, was not profitable but it will be basically immediately accretive to our shareholders based upon the synergies.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Great, I'd love to. So just let me just go back to Market Technology for a second. Clearly, we're doing well in our core business but I do also want to highlight that with SMARTS, we went into the broker side of the equation and that's worked out very well for us. So when you look at the growth in the SMARTS business, it's been selling to broker-dealers and we expect that to continue. The index business, we have not spent that much time on it in these type of calls. They've been just a steady good performer for us at a very high margin. Going back about 18 months ago, we ramped up the investment in that business. We have seen some first early signs of the progress from those investments, and we've started to migrate to our new technology platform. That deployment will be done in and around the end of the year and that will put us in a position to be a broad-based competitor in the index world. And when you look at our history here, we really have been leveraging NASDAQ OMX to what NASDAQ OMX is to get into the index business. So this is a way for us to approach it very generically and holistically. And we're obviously very excited to have the technology platforms available. And we have a couple of different paths that will proceed once the technology is there. And what's interesting is we're bringing a higher level of performance to the world -- indexing world that's previously been available. So a couple of different ways we can go with it. You can see that we can lever that technology, get into a tick-by-tick world and introduce products associated with that. We also will have the ability to really unleash the IP capability within this organization as we come out with new products and you see some examples of that just in this quarter with the commodity index. So, yes, we're excited about that. This team has a lot of capability. We're ready to launch onto that. On the data side, you've seen us make a minor acquisition earlier this year that's getting integrated in with the machine-readable data. You've seen us make a number of different product line extensions. And this is like the index business, a very strong business, very high margin live drops to the bottom line and we're definitely hyper-focused on it. NASDAQ Basic is a wonderful success story, and the good news is we're just beginning. We expect that terminal count to increase quite dramatically. So when you look at the data business, a lot of future in front of it, and we've changed our mindset to get away from thinking about data that comes out of our licensed entities, the exchanges we own and operate and think about data on a holistic fashion and you'll see us make a number of moves in that area. So certainly, technology data and indexing will be major sources of our growth in the time to come.
Robert Greifeld: No, Access Services really -- the only slightly negative comment I'll make is that, obviously, with reduced volumes, our team has to get that much more creative, and the creativity has to be about, "How can I help reduce my customers' overall cost." So it has a little different feel than resell -- selling cabinets because they wanted to handle increased volume. So the team has done, I think, a phenomenal job addressing customer needs in this low-volume environment. So we've been able to tack against the tide quite successfully.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I would say, one, is on a positive note, and this is kind of unusual for me to be saying this, but now NYPC's [ph] the approval of the retail liquidity program we saw as positive. We have had, in draft, a -- what we see something as a superior offering in front of the commission. We're working with them quite intensely and I think it's a clearer path for us to get that approved now, and our technology people have been hard at work and we're planning to launch that soon after we get SEC approval. So to the extent that the commission evidences some flexibility in terms of how they approach the market, it then is up to us to figure out how to take advantage of that. So we do hope for the back half of the year to have that. The other thing that's quite innovative that we've done is the algos. I think we've talked about that before. We've filed that where we now can, again, under the general theme, that we want to do for our customers those things that do not provide for them differentiated advantage, where we can do that on a more cost-effective basis. So clearly, algos 10 years ago were quite innovative but now they're a number that are quite routine. So we filed to be able to do some of these routine algos to take the cost structure away from our customers, clearly which customers getting a relative advantage over having a VWAP engine. So in the light of the commission in approving ROPs, if they're going to approve our retail option program and our algo system, I think we'll do quite well.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I'll say two things. One, on new listings, as I've said, since the market unfroze, I think it was June 27 was the date, we've won 8 of 11. So would we have won 9 or 10 out of 11? I don't know. It's hard to prove that, but we're certainly not dissatisfied with 8 out of 11 and as I've said, we've got a number applying this week. I think it's 8 and we're going to win 5 or 6 of them. So far so good, but it's obviously our job to be hypervigilant in the intensive conversation with our customers, so steady as she goes. On the switch side, it's been a record year so far and we're obviously in dialogue with a number of different companies about their opportunity to enjoy the benefits of listing on NASDAQ and I would say the same thing. We have seen no visible impact from May 18 on these discussions.
Robert Greifeld: I don't want to go that far, but I would say that we certainly have been in discussion with our customers. Whoever wanted to talk to us, we're available to them, 7/24 and the accommodation plan certainly, hopefully, reflects some of those conversations.
Robert Greifeld: No, no. I'm just talking about it. We filed it and it has not yet been approved. It's been published for comment. I think they extended the comment period -- Eric is here. Until August...
Robert Greifeld: Mid-August and so we're cautiously optimistic that coming out of the summer, we'll be able to launch that program.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, one is -- one of the plans we implemented was with PSX, which we believe is the right plan. It has cost us temporarily some market shares. Look at the July numbers, Brian. I think that's probably what you're seeing. So this was expected and we obviously have a different structure in place. So that has a different set of benefits too, sometimes a different set of customers. So we're working with them. So it's kind of a relaunch in a way and so, yes, we're excited about it and we're working on with it. And as we've talked in the last 2 calls, we have a, I think, quite innovative approach to retail auctions. We do want to see that approved by the commission. We're cautiously optimistic we can work through the process. So if we come out of this summer with our retail auctions approved and our algos approved and continued the hard work on PSX -- the relaunch of PSX, yes, we'll be in a very good shape.
Robert Greifeld: And, Brian, just a follow-up, we have too much to-ing and fro-ing here and you can't see it, thank God. We stand by the $3 million number on the audit.
Robert Greifeld: Well, what we're hearing is a lot of confusion. So I was asking simple questions, "Well, what is it? How much is it?" And I'm not getting the most definitive answers yet. So the devils in the details there could be de minimis where it doesn't matter so much and we have obviously a stamp-through in the U.K. and the markets to function. There could be punitive and definitely detrimental, so I don't really know. We're paying attention to it. And obviously, we have in the Nordics an experience with financial transaction tax back in the '80s and that was -- did not work so they have long memories there. So I'm not so much worried about the Nordics but we still do pay attention to it.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, one is I would say the U.K. is our start-up initiative, which is doing incredibly well, but it is not driving the numbers at this point in time. With respect to the Nordic power and clearing, we do have a monopoly position there. We certainly believe in the underlying drivers of that economic growth. And we have to deal with the right mix between the financial players and the natural players in the marketplace. And I would say that as we've looked at the second quarter and really for the last year or so, there has been somewhat of an upheaval there in terms of how that dynamic works. We expect that will sort itself out and it will get to a more normal growth pattern.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I would just say that when you look at the actions of the commission right now, you'd probably say that there's more flexibility with respect to moving away from price time and put more wrinkles into the market structure. Whether we think that's a proper philosophical approach of underpinning it to the markets, at the end of the day, it don't matter and to the extent that this is where the commission wants the rule filling to go then that's where we'll go. And when you look at the different actions, we'll take [indiscernible] as a result of that, you'll see that happen. Could you have speculated in time that will be seen as a bad thing? You want to go more to a flat market structure. I wouldn't be surprised if that happens. But today, we see differentiated market structures becoming more commonplace and we will participate in that.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I would say that -- we certainly have thoughts and plans there but I think the key building blocks, I talked to you about the pillars, is we need to get into the marketplace with better technology, better engagement with our customers and then also represent a true horizontal option where they can lever their relationships with LCH. So we do those things well. There's going to be -- there will be plenty of opportunity for both proprietary and, as you call it, look-alike products. And so we're building that, we're launching first quarter, it's certainly exciting. And it represents a massive opportunity for us.
Robert Greifeld: Great. Well, I thank you for your time today. And I certainly appreciate your questions and staying here. Obviously, the second quarter of 2010 (sic) [ 2012 ] has the highs and lows, and we do want to leave the conversation with the highs. $0.64 in a difficult trading environment is something that we see as a strong performance, as we've said earlier, on a constant-currency basis that was equivalent to $0.67, which would equal our record for earnings. So given the times, we take that our franchises remain strong. I highlight again the switches and our IPO win rate. We're coming out of May 18, I think, as well as we could. I think we're in a position to move forward with our customers in the industry. I think this second accommodation policy would put forward. It will be the one that will allow us to move forward. So we're looking to a very strong third and fourth quarter in light of the times that we have. And we appreciate your support and look forward to dealing with you and talking to you as the quarter unfolds. So thank you for your time today.
Lee Shavel: And, Matt, just to address your other question, the currency impacted the year-over-year comparison by $5 million as Bob mentioned in his remarks. So that gives you some sense as to how much of that is FX. And obviously, that's for the remainder of the year unless the interest rates change. That's expected to continue to be an influence.
Lee Shavel: Sure. I think that it's -- clearly, the reduction is a combination both of -- is a foreign exchange benefit that we've realized but I think we're very pleased with the level of cost reductions that we've seen across both headcount and technology and facility opportunities that we're pursuing.
Lee Shavel: And, Rich, just to give you some color on the revenue per contracts from a European context, in Nordic equities, our revenue capture was pretty much stable but actually improved. It was $0.11 per million traded versus $0.10 in the prior-year quarter. Now, on the commodity side, obviously, it's a mix of both equity options, energy options and fixed income. And there are elements of seasonality, particularly in the power business, that caused that to bounce around. But I would say equity options -- it was essentially flat to slightly down. A little bit of seasonal deterioration on the power side. And on the fixed-income side, the revenue per capture was down year-over-year but actually strengthened from the first quarter here. So it's a blend of a couple but I would describe the revenue capture certainly on the equities as stable and on the derivative side as stable to slightly down.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And, Rich, I'd say 2 things. One, when we look at our cash flow per capital deployment, we start fundamentally with what are we generating on an operating basis each quarter and that's what we utilize to support sort of the $50 million to $75 million that we anticipate utilizing for share repurchases. The -- under the accommodation plan, if that's paid out in cash, there are, I think, a number of additional cash flow drivers that have produced cash. One being potentially IDCG. But also, as we've mentioned, the release of capital through the implementation of our Nordic clearinghouse has generated some additional cash to our existing balances. So the bottom line is that the ultimate payout on the accommodation policy is not going to influence our capital return plans along the lines of what we've described to folks for expectations here.
Lee Shavel: Yes, and we have had conversations with the rating agencies, really briefing them on the situation. I would say the rating agencies, I think, fundamentally focus on the stability of our business and the strength of our cash flows as the basis for their ratings. And they understand the nature of the accommodation payment and I can't speak for them, but we've certainly are of the view that it's not a material financial impact to our business.
Lee Shavel: Well, the -- just to be clear, the BWise acquisition is not included in the new initiative spending that we present in our presentation, Niamh. That's separate. So we're -- we expect that transaction, as all of our acquisitions, to be accretive in the first 12 months. From a revenue standpoint, we've -- or we don't disclose that individually for the acquisitions.
Lee Shavel: That's right. Right, because we want everyone to focus on the management of our core expenses separate from our new initiative spending and from the acquisitions. So the $25 million reflects what we expect our 2012 expenses will be related to the BWise and the NOS acquisition.
Lee Shavel: On the buyback program, based upon what we see in terms of free cash flow generation and as I've described before, we look at what opportunities we have internally to invest that capital or through acquisitions. And if we believe we can generate higher returns from those activities, then we're going to allocate capital on that direction. At this point, I would just reaffirm that we expect, on a quarterly basis, to utilize approximately $50 million to $75 million from -- on our buybacks. That will vary based upon where we see opportunities to buy back the stock. And also, in terms of cash flow that is freed up in other parts of the business. But I would, from an expectation standpoint, continue to utilize that $50 million to $75 million basis.
Lee Shavel: Okay. What I would say, Michael, is that on the new initiatives, what we focus on from -- in that $40 million to $50 million are initiatives that really are in development, and they're identified in that revenue expense line item on the page that we provide. And so there really aren't substantial revenues at this stage for those initiatives on an in-development basis as opposed to a developed and launch basis. So I wouldn't extrapolate from the expense guidance any substantial revenues at this point for the remainder of the year. Now, each of those initiatives is either originating or moving towards originating revenues, but that's typically not going to be expected until usually 12 to 18 months over the course of the development of those projects. Hopefully that addresses your question.
Lee Shavel: Yes, it's actually in the -- on the page that's in the investor presentation, Brian. It's on Page 22. We have all of the revenue detailed by quarter for each of the European derivatives components.
Lee Shavel: Yes, Howard, we are -- we have an upcoming board meeting in which that the reauthorization will be evaluated. It's obviously at the board's discretion, but I can't tell you we see anything that will impair at this point our expectation to continue to buy back stock as part of our capital return plan.
Lee Shavel: Yes, and I would also just add, Patrick, there -- you do have a seasonal effect where obviously your trading tends to be higher in the colder months, which influences, I think, the year-over-year -- or the results quarter to quarter based upon that.
Eric W. Noll: Yes, port demand was very high in order for people to get bandwidth. We have seen no diminution in cabinets sales, but what we have seen is a big pickup on the peripherals around cabinets. So lower latency connectivity, more ports, more power, cross connects to other market places and it's pretty broadly spread across all of those different kinds of initiatives.
Eric W. Noll: We launched 2 MSCI indices this year that -- and we've -- which have been successful launches and then are -- we've seen our percentage of Russell related products grow as well. So we're...
Eric W. Noll: Well, unrelated to the PHLX options business but on our NFX Options platform, we've had a successful launch of what we call our rolling Spot Gold contract, which replicates for investors the ability to hold 10 troy ounces of gold and it gives you the same financial impact. That has had an average daily volume on NFX, now approaching 2,000 contracts a day from a launch earlier this year. It's not -- certainly not accretive yet, it's certainly not financially material to the organization yet. But it does show what we see are positive signs of some innovation in the future space for us. And we expect that effort to grow as we go forward.
