Michael Ptasznik: Yes, so the 70% -- it represents about 78% of the Market Technology revenues in the second quarter. The differences will be things like change requests and implementation or delivery of new build-outs. So really what this is it becomes the service revenue, the maintenance fees, and also the SaaS revenue that received from the smart business is another example.
Michael Ptasznik: So I think the number is going to fluctuate and it's going to depend on the types of installations that we have in any specific quarter, the change requests et cetera. So there you will see fluctuations. Over longer period of time as we continue to build that more of a SaaS platform and a platform as a service with NFF, the intention of the idea would be that more of the business would continue to become part of the annualized recurring revenue base. So over a longer period, you will see that, you won't necessarily see that next quarter or the quarter thereafter, it depends on the specific fluctuations of those individual quarters. With respect to the organic growth rate, we're not going to break out the organic growth rate. The focus of this measure really is to try and provide some information that we've been -- that people have asked us with respect to what is that recurring revenue base of the business going forward and to say and what percentage of the business is reflective of recurring revenue as opposed to these more one-offs or change request type revenue. So I think this is the new measure for us that we've been, we just launched today, we'll continue to take a look at it. We think it sends some good positive information because it does talk about the fact that the recurring revenue in the business does continue to grow and as our model continues to change more towards a platform as a service or a SaaS type model. And the fact that it doesn't represent as we've mentioned earlier 78% or 80% of the revenue is, I think the key metrics that we want to focus on for now.
Michael Ptasznik: And let's remember the part of this is the change from what we used to have which was that backlog which at one point of time when the business is all about the market infrastructure operators and building out that client base which was these large contracts as we moved the business that backlog was less of a relevant factor and we felt that this is more reflective of the type and nature of the business going forward.
Michael Ptasznik: So on the first question, the first part of the question I'd say approximately $3 million or so in for Q3 would have been the impact.
Michael Ptasznik: So we're pleased that we've hit our target that we had set a while ago. And it does show the cash flow that this business can generate and we can leverage up for deals and then within a fairly short period of time, we are able to pay down that leverage. And so our intention is to maintain our investment grade status and continue with the other elements of our capital plan including increasing the dividend as earnings grow over time and using our buybacks primarily to offset in dilution that we have from any of our equity programs. So that's the way we plan on the debt. And the debt will fluctuate depending on the situations that we're looking at with respect to investment opportunities et cetera. But the investment grade status will be sort of the guiding factor that that sets that. With respect to other opportunities, so we are pleased that we are able to take advantage of the lower interest rates. We also have our -- have our commercial paper program which has provided us with some benefits as well. And we'll continue to take a look at our debt going forward. We have -- we feel pretty good about the maturity curve that we have right now in front of us as we get -- as we start to think about our 2021 and the other opportunities we'll assess those in future periods but there's no immediate plans I can talk of or mention right now.
Adena Friedman: So in a build period, Rich, we have certain delivery fees that we charge but that also of course have cost associated with it. So those fees are not -- those fees are not included. And then the change request fees which are kind of shorter-term changes that we make to the software to support our clients. Those are not -- those are not included but 78% of -- as you said --
Adena Friedman: Sure. I think overall, I think it is important to recognize that I think we've said this before that we have a very good and comprehensive relationship with the SEC. We submit 100s of rule filings every year to them and they approve 100s of rule filings every year. And we work with almost every division within the SEC on a regular basis. I think that we do however as we all know have certain areas of debate with the SEC around market structure. And I would say, Rich, that there has been a lot of dialogue with the SEC both at the commissioner level and at the staff level and we have been expressing our views and also making sure that they have data to support our views. They have been asking a lot of really good questions. I think that the total market roadmap or blueprint does help frame out some of the larger market structure issues that we are hopeful that the SEC will start to tackle. And it also I think put some of the initiatives that they've been seeking to do into a broader context. And then we've also been engaging very extensively with our customers and with the industry in general to understand their point of view around some of the key elements of market structure that we outlined in total market. So the dialogue has definitely picked up. I think that there has been much more of a back and forth in terms of really trying to understand each other. But at the same time, we will continue to manage these debates as we see fit in terms of making sure that the markets are as accessible and successful as possible for investors and that's our number one goal.
Adena Friedman: Sure, yes. So it is a combination of things and I kind of rattled them off quickly in my script. So you've got the investment we're making in the Nasdaq financial framework included in there that's both -- that's at least the amounts as expense. And then the other that you have in there is Nasdaq private market, as we mentioned we're continuing to see a pickup in activity there and we have new initiatives to go into the private equity space, private equity funds. And so we continue to see very, very big opportunity in the Nasdaq private markets and good growth in that business. But that does continue to be an investment area for us. And then additionally the banks and brokers strategy that we have with applying some of our market technology beyond surveillance but applying trading technology, post rate technology into the banks and brokers, we now just signed our fourth client to provide them a host of trading solutions, so that's picking up steam but that area of investment is also in there. The fourth sorry the fourth area is in the buy-side surveillance. So that one is in very early days. We did do a very small acquisition to supplement that and that also was included in the ongoing costs now in that area and we definitely see very good momentum but it is a very small -- kind of a small and upstart type of model of upstarting with essentially four clients and moving into a much bigger space and we have good sales in that area to continue to develop. And then another area is Quandl and the whole analytics hub integration, the alternative data space that is also early days as we have said that in terms of really frankly understanding the overall demand for alternative data, continuing to find new supply and then finding demand for that data across the industry. The Yahoo Finance implementation of some of the supply chain data does come out of Quandl and we have continued growth in some of the other data streams that they've created. So we feel good about the growth but in all of those areas remain investment areas as they graduate, they graduate out of that program once they become kind of self-sufficient at least break-even to profitable endeavors. And so that's why we will always give you that R&D number, so that you kind of know which areas are our major areas of investment for us.
Adena Friedman: Sure, no problem. So we actually have -- we have been a leader from the very beginning as these new what I would call actively managed ETFs are being formed. We partnered with a firm several years ago to develop a program to support these non-transparent ETFs. And so we do understand them well, we understand that they do require some specific market maker support and we do believe our market is well-positioned to lift those types of ETF. We continue to have very good growth overall in our ETF listings and we're very proud of the fact that we have well over 300 ETFs, I think it's at least probably in the high 300s listed on Nasdaq today. And so we do feel Ken that we're really well-positioned competitively to be able to bring those types of ETFs to Nasdaq.
Adena Friedman: As I mentioned several years ago, we actually worked with a firm that was developing a new construct for non-transparent ETFs and we did work with them specifically to build-out a market maker sponsorship program to support them, so yes.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So well the first thing to mention is that in our surveillance business that's -- we've done I think a great job of working with broker/dealers to expand that product to be able to support all asset classes as well as both exchanges OCX and OTC, and so that's been a great area of expansion for us as we've gone from firm to firm to take them from maybe -- maybe they only use that for equities and then they move to fixed income and then they move to commodities et cetera. We also have global penetration in that -- in that business and we have a global sales force that supports it. So we continue to see very strong demand characteristics. But we have over 150 clients who use that service today. In terms of the matching technology, post stream technology that we're at the very beginning of that strategy and that's why that that effort fits within our R&D initiatives because we've built out sales organization and we've continued to adapt our technology as well as kind of doing it on a hosted basis. So we -- in some instances, we also bring in market surveillance expertise to support them. And so we continue to make sure that we have a good pipeline of opportunity there. As I've mentioned on the last call, it does take time to get some of these contracts signed. The banks definitely go through very thorough contracting process as you probably know but we are very, very excited about the level of opportunity and demand that we see. It's just a matter of making sure we systematically get our clients from interest to signing a contract. And as I mentioned we do have a fourth client that just signed up.
Adena Friedman: Sure. I think that we know that year-over-year, it was at a growth rate of year-over-year, second quarter our growth rate of 16%. But we're happy to make sure we provide you more information on the growth rate.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well I do think that the first thing I would say is it's pretty early days in understanding the impact that the changes in Deutsche Bank is going to have in general within the U.S. In terms of the way that they trade, they tend to trade on behalf of customers, so that trading will either be transferred to another firm, if there is ultimately an acquisition of the business from Deutsche Bank or probably move over to other clients, I mean other service providers. I think in terms of some of the recurring revenues or kind of the other parts of our business, we're still working actually pretty closely with Deutsche Bank to understand, how they're going to continue to take certain services, how they might transition their services to other service providers. And so it's very early days for us but we are working very closely with them to understand the overall impact. I also would say we have as you know hundreds of clients that we serve with our trading, thousands of clients we serve with our data and connectivity services. So we don't feel this is going to have an outsized impact. It's just something that we're managing through.
Adena Friedman: Well I think that we are trying to give you some view into our overall long-term view of the business. And I think we also are trying to give you a little bit more transparency into some of the drivers of our business but they are I also as Michael has been saying, we have a period of investment, we want to make sure we're investing in our future. It's not just the investment in the Nasdaq financial framework itself but it's also investing in some new verticals like the new markets like I mentioned with getting into new, new industries with our technology as well as into the broker/dealers as well as into the buy-side for surveillance. So there are investment areas that are ongoing. I also believe that we see very good demand characteristics across the business and we do see scalability in what we're creating. And so over time those things should generate the benefits for shareholders as we've been mentioning. But it is an evolution and it's not something that is going to be a step function from one quarter to the next, it's going to be over time.
Adena Friedman: So we are not giving that level of granularity to that figure. I think that we're looking at how we can grow across all of our clients. And so we do see this as kind of a broader metric to help you just understand overall how we are bringing the business forward. But we're not -- we don't provide that level of disclosure.
Adena Friedman: And then on the second question, Chris, I say we've been operating under a relatively steady, steady level of investment and we try to make sure we review those investments every six months in a very deep dive and we continue to look at how we're going to essentially ramp up certain areas or moderate certain areas to try to make sure that we stay relatively consistent but we do want to give ourselves the flexibility, if we see a great opportunity to continue to invest and grow certain investments if we need to.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well I think that we are extremely pleased that about 97% of all new healthcare companies do list on Nasdaq and that continued, if you look at the first half of the year that number is consistent. I think that as a result we're always, we are very competitive and we are always looking for ways that we can compete better and listings that are maybe traditionally going to the other guys and they are obviously always looking at ways they can compete as well. We do feel like we provide a pretty unique value proposition for healthcare companies in particular because of the Nasdaq biotech index in addition to some very deep, IR intelligence capabilities we have to support that segment. And those types of things in addition to the great marketing and the great market itself are the reasons why we think that we will continue to be the home to the vast, vast majority of healthcare companies. In general the listing environment continues to be very robust as we look at the pipeline of companies that have filed S-1s as well as our success in attracting those pipeline of companies to Nasdaq. And we definitely see a pretty I mean at least it's always subject to market conditions things could change. But at least as of right now, I would say we see a very robust calendar going through the fall.
Adena Friedman: Great, thank you. So with private market, it has been I would say an evolution not a revolution. And so, it is several years in and we are continuing to see a real evolution of how companies are managing their liquidity in the private markets. So when we first launched, we only today -- we only cover company-sponsored tenders. So the job of NPM is to make sure we partner with the company to understand how they want to manage their liquidity. There is liquidity that occurs outside the confines of a company-sponsored tender and that's not the area that we've historically played in. So when we look at company-sponsored tenders historically they also really, they usually set the price found the investors and then just asked us essentially to facilitate that transfer of ownership and electronic mechanism as opposed to spending a lot of dollars on lawyers and a lot more time trying to get paperwork to be signed and pushed across. So we have electronified that that transfer process. We've electronified the data room, made more information available et cetera. However what we're seeing today is some continued evolution. Number one, we've been launching some auction price discovery events and processes with some of our clients today. So they actually are using the platform to find the right price for that private -- that private company transaction. And that's a new, new phenomenon that we're starting to see pickup in the market. The second is they're starting to use us to help them find investors. And that's also a new phenomenon. And then the third is to understand that companies over time maybe want to have a more, I would say a high integrity way to allow their investors to transact with each other. And that's another opportunity that we're considering. So there are ways that we can evolve that. I think the other area that's also been kind of a long investment and it will have a long tail to it though is the development of liquidity in private equity funds. And we announced our partnership with iCapital a few months ago to allow for broker/dealer distributors of private equity funds to use our platform to facilitate secondary transactions there. And we have also been working with GPs to start to think about using our platform for GP sponsored secondaries as well. So there are some really interesting developments there. But it's long-term play which is why it is in our R&D bucket.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, so I think we were disappointed that we didn't win the Oslo deal to be honest I think that it was a very logical expansion of our Nordic business. And I think we would have been able to provide enormous amount of benefit to our clients in the Nordics. So for that reason we were disappointed. I think that however it does. There are always opportunities out there. We are very focused on organic growth as a primary driver of growth in our business. And I think you can hear that in all of the conversations we're having. But we do look at ways that we can either catalyze growth in those businesses like a Cinnober deal or expand our capabilities in certain areas where we have strategic focus and that would be something like Quandl or eVestment. And so we will continue to evaluate those types of opportunities. In terms of you said scale opportunities, I think that we just like with Oslo there are always going to be things like that where there might be an opportunity for us to drive scale through a big synergy type deal. But we again are really not -- we're not hunting for those, we're finding those occasionally as we manage through an organic strategy.
Adena Friedman: So we are looking at that very closely, Patrick. And I think that there are a couple things. We are sitting in a business in the U.S. Treasuries at least that has been subject to a lot of competition over many years. Whereas if you look at some of the other asset classes in fixed income, they're hitting -- they're facing the idea of electronification for the first time or they're starting to see an evolution into electronic, more electronic trading. And there are fewer platforms out there that really serve that function. In the U.S. Treasuries business, it's been a highly competitive highly electronic trading environment for a long time. And so I think that it's really for us it's a matter of how do we make sure that we are evolving our platform to meet the evolving needs of the broker/dealer community because right now we sit as a broker/dealer, dealer-to-dealer platform. And what we're seeing is more the broker/dealers wanting to have more control over how orders get routed or where they get routed as opposed to an anonymous central them in order book. And so we are looking at how we continue to partner with them to find ways to leverage our platform for more. I would say targeted liquidity.  And I think that's something that we have to understand what are all the moving pieces around that because there are certain clients who really like to use the Cloud and they want to maintain an egalitarian type of model and there are others that want to have more control over routing. So that's an area that we're really focused on. And I do think that with our new technology platform, we have a lot more flexibility to be able to understand how to meet their evolving needs. I think in the commodities business in the Nordics, we actually capture from a competitive perspective, we capture the business in the Nordics. I think that it has much more to do with the overall macro trends in trading commodity -- in trading Nordic Power frankly weather trends can impact a quarter like they did this quarter. I think there is a predominant thought on this quarter is just that it was a very low volatility quarter because the weather was cool and wet and doesn't carry a lot of fluctuation in the need for power. But I also think that in general, we obviously are working through the aftermath of the clearing issue we had last year and we're working very, very closely with all of our clients to understand how they want to leverage the Nordics commodities business going forward for both trading and clearing needs and how we might be able to branch out into more parts of Europe with our power, our power business going forward. So it is definitely an area of real focus for us, Patrick, but we don't have short-term -- we don't have immediate things that we think will suddenly turn things around. It's a longer term partnership with our clients.
Adena Friedman: Great, thank you. In closing, we are very encouraged by our solid second quarter and how it serves to reinforce that both the logic underlying our strategic pivot and our ability to execute on our new direction are becoming more and more clear. And we do also remain very focused on delivering against our priorities and in particular helping our clients reimagine markets to realize the potential of tomorrow. So thank you very much for your time today and we look forward to continuing the conversation in the coming months. Thank you.
