Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I would agree that retail participation in the markets, but the equities markets and the equity options markets has been -- certainly has been elevated this year. And you are right, that it is resulting in more off-exchange volume occurring. I think that what we've been really focused on is, for the volume that does, that come to the exchanges, what can we do to maximize our position? And so we've been working really hard right on a few fronts. One is, certainly just overall customer service and availability. Second is, just the scalability of our business and ability to handle these really large volume days, particularly like the Russell and the S&P 500 rebalance days. Third is that we continue to improve the performance of our systems with tech improvements and things that we're doing to make sure that we optimize the performance of our markets. And then the last thing is making sure that we really educate our customers on how to use all the elements of our markets, like our M-ELO orders and other things like that to capture as much volume as we can, but the retail volume generally gets internalized. And then of course turns into secondary volume that comes to the exchanges. So we do benefit from the overall elevated environment, but we do find that the level of internalization is something that we watch pretty carefully. Because you don't want there to be a diminishment of the price discovery that's occurring in the market by having too much of the volume go [off-exchange]. So it's something that we certainly are focused on. I think the one thing that we are focused on, Rich, is just making sure retail investors are educated as they're coming into the markets. The online retail brokers do a really good job of that. FINRA does a really good job of that. So we're just partnering with them to make sure that we're helping them with their educational efforts with the retail investors. 
Adena Friedman: So the revenue capture, it's really a function of a lot of things. So one is just which markets are they leveraging to come into the market and therefore what's our capture rate. I think we also are -- we're very careful in looking at how much volume is coming into the auctions. We did have two very large auctions in the quarter -- at the end of the quarter with the S&P500. I think that was 1.2 billion shares. And the Russell rebalance was 1.5 billion shares. And there's obviously Craigslist as well in terms of the options versus the intraday trading.
Adena Friedman: No, actually, I think a couple of areas, Alex, I think it is actually relevant. So the first is how the demand for more of our SaaS-based technology is actually elevated during this period, because I think more and more the clients are realizing that to have the scalability and the flexibility they want to be able to have what I would take has to be on demand, to be able to manage their infrastructure remotely. All of those things really benefit from a SaaS market structure, SaaS market technology. And certainly as they've moved a lot of their compliance and surveillance teams remotely, there's even more demand for our surveillance solutions, because they want to make sure that they're able to propagate this across the firm. So I think those things actually have benefited from the need for people to be more flexible about where people work and having less reliance on their kind of homegrown infrastructure. And so all five of the new clients in the market operators that we signed in the quarter of were SaaS based solution to their all our next generation solutions, both in surveillance and market -- and upgrading. And I think that, in general, our overall demand for those types of services has gone up.  I think the second thing is on the index side. We are continuing to have a lot of great dialogue with our index partners about new products that we can bring to market that do play into the long-term changes in the economy, and making sure that we deliver indexes that investors feel like they can invest in over the coming decades, that will have a positive trend around them. So I think that's another area that we're really focused on Alex that's more COVID related. And then I guess the last thing is on our data analytics platform of Quandl. We are seeing more demand for certain elements of alternative data, because they're trying to get ahead of government data, for instance. So there's really trying to get much better insights into demand and how it's changing and shifting in the world. And I do think that a lot of our Quandl products are relevant there. So those are the things that we're seeing Alex.
Adena Friedman: Yes, no problem. So I think it was funny, we always joke with our marketing department on the buzzwords. So -- but I think that -- let me just kind of break it down. As we think about what we've been investing in over the last several years in market tech, the first thing is, is what we call Nasdaq financial framework, which is really the platform, the core platform that allows for micro service architecture. And what that means is you have this like common data layer, common data management capability, common security layer, a common code based across everything you're building. And that's kind of the core platform regardless of what functionality you put on top of it, and what capabilities you build, it's the common platform that all of our market tech solutions now are built on top of. And then on top of that, you then build capabilities like functionality, trading, prepaid risk management, post trade, processing, settlement, surveillance, things like that. What we've done with the Marketplace Services Platform is essentially completed the trade life cycle in a micro service architecture, so that you can basically deploy a market much faster in the cloud. So everything is fully cloud-native. And you can go and it's a much more kind of a turnkey solution for new markets. So the primary clients for the marketplace services platform are new markets. They could be existing clients that want to launch new markets, they want to launch a resource market or they want to launch something that's in the financial instruments themselves, crypto markets and things like that as well, or it can also be used for these -- kinds of new market concepts that we've been talking about in terms of outside the traditional capital markets. LEX Markets is a real estate securities platform, it’s a really a new construct. And we think that their marketplace services platform is kind of a perfect use case for that. And so it's just really creating a full trade life cycle. Our first iteration of it was the matching engine itself. And now we have a full trade life cycle in that micro service architecture. So, hopefully that helps kind of break down a bit.
Adena Friedman: Yes, and then on the order intake question from market tech, I think the question is, are we dependent on the same kinds of order intake for us to thrive our year -- our current year results. And I would say Brian that we certainly continue to see a good pipeline of opportunity with order intake. As I said before, I think that we are seeing a little bit more moderated order intake this year because of the fact that bigger technology decisions are taking longer. So, that kind of chunky big order intakes that we tend to get from our larger clients are taking longer as they're managing through their own situation before making significant changes to their system or launching new things within their markets. But I would say that we do continue to see a healthy pipeline. And as we said before, we do see some risk to our ability to reach the lower end of the growth target for our market tech business this year, just because of some of the challenges in terms of time to sales and the way that we're implementing in a remote environment. But overall, the overall health of that business continues to be really strong and demand for our services continue to be really strong. So, I don't have a specific answer to your question about order intake relative to revenue. I'm hoping that we've given you guys enough understanding of the dynamics we're seeing, for you to look at, to get at the right conclusion there.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So I do think that clients are adapting. It's kind of they first had to get through really a surge in volume and a complete change in their operating model. And so they obviously put certain decisions on hold. And then you have the second thing, which is, okay, now we've got to deal with this new normal. And what does it mean for our business? And so how much -- how far are we going to lean in on new enhancements or new products, new markets? I think though, however, there was just an enormous amount of kind of momentum and demand coming into the year for new markets to launch, for people to try, to put more instruments on their platforms and for them to really thrive for frankly a more flexible infrastructure. And so I don't think there's decisions that are really put on hold forever. Mike I think that a lot of them are just taking a little bit longer, so they know exactly how they're going to make that capital allocation decisions while they manage through a longer term environment. The other thing I would say is obviously the exchange world in general has done -- has performed well. And the -- obviously the markets have performed well. I think that the volume activity is not just here in the United States, but it's in other countries as well. And so the overall resilience of the business models of our customers make it so that those types of decisions might take a little longer but obviously be made because they definitely see the benefit of modernizing their infrastructure. On the broker dealer side, I think that a lot of -- some of the sales have been more on those immediate needs, and that's why our surveillance sales have been really strong. But over time, broker dealers also want to optimize their infrastructure. They're going to prioritize things that where they're making money, and they are making money in trading. So we do think that those are opportunities also in the long-term to revert back to where we were seeing demand before. And then I'll turn it over to Michael on the question on expenses. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. So the U.S. options capture is really a function of the level of retail that's come into the options markets, because they -- those types of orders tend to gravitate towards the price time market as opposed to the floor-based markets or the complex markets like we have in ISE. So that -- and as you know the price time markets tend to have a lower capture. So I do think it's much more of a trend of retail. Now whether or not that trend will continue over the long-term is something that we all we'd like to see in general, because while the capture is lower, the volumes are up, right? So you have to kind of look at it, it's a balance there. And so, in general, we feel that having more participation in the market, more varied participation in the markets and more democratization of the market, these are all good things for the capital markets in general. And so I would say we just firstly just have to -- we'll have to see how much, how resilient the retail is. But I would say that you should look at it more as a function of that as opposed to concrete or discrete decisions that we've made. It's more just where the volume is going. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. Sure. So on the prop products, our proprietary products, we are continuing to find demand for our products particularly as frankly the retail investing dynamic continues to increase. I think that more and more of the retail brokerage firms and those firms that are really geared towards retail investors want to have access to real-time information and we offered in a really flexible way. And so and we worked very hard to be highly competitive with our peers, in terms of offering us superior products at a great price. So that has been an area of growth for us as we've continued to expand the usage of our data across the broader capital markets ecosystem. I think that in terms of the data and analytics business, it's been driven by couple of things. First, we still continue to have good growth in eVestment, although, it's somewhat moderated from last year, because we've been really working very hard to really solidify the core value proposition that we have for clients. We changed our pricing model last year and it's actually really benefiting the resiliency of that business this year, the usage of our data and analytics this year on eVestment. And it's kind of setting us up to really continue to drive new -- growth for new product delivery. So we've had actually a 39% increase in the usage of eVestment this year over last year and that's really because more and more of the C-Suite of the asset managers are really picking up and leveraging the eVestment data to make more strategic decisions around how they want to launch products or allocate their assets to different investment strategies. And I think that will give us a really good position to grow and expand the product base there. We also have the benefit of Solovis coming in and also driving growth. They've had, they have strong demand for their services. And we signed our first kind of Solovis client on the back of being an eVestment client. So we are opening doors through our eVestment relationships for the Solovis product. So I think all of those things are the reasons why we're seeing healthy growth in that business, but we're also shoring up the resiliency of the business with the change in the pricing. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. So I think that first thing, I would say is, the NASDAQ-100 and the Nasdaq Biotech Indexes are just great foundational franchises for us. And then we have a very, I think, actually a great cadre of smart beta indices that also have done quite well in terms of just leaning into overall thematic trends. So I just think that we've been pretty good at selecting the types of themes that we want to launch in our index business. We're little bit more, I would say, of a niche type of player. We don't do every index that you can possibly imagine. We really do, work very closely with our partners to launch products that we think will have really strong investor demand, but also playing to trend. So the trends that we've seen has been highly successful are trends around technology, cloud indices, IT security indices, biotech indices and obviously the flagship NASDAQ-100, which is a -- which has a lot of waiting towards the technology sector in general, but it is actually a broad-based index that has a lot of sectors in there, but technology is obviously the most prevalent. So I think it's just that, our market as well as the indices that we build around our market trends are I think just playing into the next generation of our economy. And I think as a result of that we've had -- this resilience. And even you know in other down periods like in 2018 in the fourth quarter, we did not have as much reduction AUM, because even if the market performance was down for the quarter, we saw a lot of inflows coming in which offsets, obviously drops the market performance. In this particular case that's why we noted in my remarks that over 60% of the increase in AUM was actually from inflows not just market performance, because it does tell you that we're leaning into a lot of long-term trends with our indexes. So hopefully that answers your question, Ari, on that. 
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. And that actually goes to Ari's second question which I didn't answer, which is, where do we see the bigger trends going forward in the index business. And ESG is certainly one of the big macro trends, and it is an area that we want to make sure that we again, in a very specific way that we are also playing into the ESG trend. We're trying to make sure that we do, for instance ESG versions of the OMXS30. We have other ESG thematic indexes that we're launching with our partners. So that's one area of ESG that we're definitely focused on, but it's still very small for us, Alex. I think that -- the other is actually in our corporate services business, where we did make a very small acquisition in a company called OneReport, but that is really catalyzed demand from our corporate clients. So I think our largest near-term opportunity, but still coming off of, we just launched the ESG advisory service like 18 months ago. So this is still pretty new. It's really helping our customers navigate a very complex environment around ESG reporting, making it easier for them to report their information by putting it into one place and having one repository that we then translate and map out to all the metrics providers.  Ultimately, we're going to want to expand that. So we can actually map that directly into institutional investors’ databases. And then additionally making sure that we capture this -- that information and make it so we can provide our corporate clients with more reports on their own trending, how they're trending against peers things like that. So that they can get more intelligence from all of the work they're doing around ESG. And I think that, so we see that as kind of a short-term in terms of really building up our consulting capabilities as well as our technology service to make it easier for them to review the reporting and then long term as we really create even more intelligence for our corporate clients and for institutional investors on overall trends in that. And then the last area of ESG that we're focused on, but again it's still very small from a revenue perspective, but we definitely see a lot of growing demand for it, is in the Nasdaq sustainability bond index, I'm sorry Nasdaq sustainable bond index -- network, which is really kind of -- in Europe it's a sustainable bond market where they list their bonds and make them available to investors in Europe. In the U.S., it's not yet a market, but it's essentially a listing venue for people to come in and we do a lot of work to make sure we invest in the bonds and other financing instruments around sustainability and confirm that they are, in fact, meeting sustainability needs and giving those companies access to the markets through those sustainability bond network, sorry, but that's still again small. So if I were to rank, order them in terms of near-term opportunity I would say that corporate products that we're launching are definitely the highest near-term opportunities, but all three of them have good long-term opportunities for growth for us, Alex. 
Adena Friedman: Yes. No, I would say it's too early for us. And they are kind of embedded in different segments. So it's not something we pull together as one number. 
Adena Friedman: Okay, great. Well thank you all very much for your time today. We are very pleased to see that our businesses are delivering strong organic revenue growth in the quarter. Guided by our strategic direction, we have a clear focus to finish 2020 strong as we re-imagine markets to realize the potential of tomorrow, and we are committing to executing our plans diligently while keeping our employees safe and set up for success while in the remote environment. So, but thank you very much and have a great day. 
