Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Sure. Well, if we look at organic growth, organic growth for our Information Services business in the quarter was 14%, which is very strong. And if we break it down between our index business and our data revenues business, the index business was up 37%, which really reflected higher assets in our licensed ETPs, but also reflected higher volume based on the licensing fees on the Nasdaq 100 Future. So, we had both high volumes in the Nasdaq 100 Future and really strong inflows into our ETPs. And if you also had recognized that this is compared to the first quarter of last year, so you also have the market performance over the last year reflected in the AUM as well. And then if you turn over to the data products revenues, it's a 7% organic increase and that really is kind of growth across both our tape and our proprietary data and about 2% of that was due to higher recognition of like unreported usage from prior periods. So, basically we've got some of that catch up from prior periods and then on the rest of that is just strong demand for our data products and continued growth there. So, if I look at it on average, we've given out our medium term outlook of 5% to 8% growth in our Information Services business on an organic basis and I think that we continue to ascribe to that over a longer period of time. But there will be periods – shorter periods where we might be above or below that and obviously this quarter we're above that.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. So just as a reminder, BWise will come out starting in the second quarter. So the first quarter results do include the BWise revenues and the margin there. But I would say that the margin in Market Tech for the first quarter really if we look at kind of the increased costs year-over-year, on an FX neutral basis it was about $11 million and it's really kind of split three ways. One is just from this elevated development and delivery activities from recently signed contracts. And that is a difference because the revenue recognition rules have changed now. And whereas before we wouldn't recognize any revenues or expenses associated with delivery projects until they were delivered, now we start to recognize and as we deliver. But the delivery profitability, the profitability on delivery is much lower than the ongoing maintenance and support revenues once the client is fully delivered. And we have a lot of deliveries underway right now. So, we are in a period of higher deliveries as we come into 2018 and that will continue through, I would say, most of 2018, just in terms of the delivery projects we have underway. The second thing is from the R&D initiative and that's most notably, so they've got higher expenses there, higher expenses from R&D. And that's most notably the Nasdaq Financial Framework as well as the continued growth in our SMARTS buy-side initiative that we have, where we continue to kind of grow out that business. And that's a big R&D initiative for us in addition to the Nasdaq Financial Framework. And then the last thing is really higher comp, but that's related to kind of the overall company. So, as we have a particularly strong quarter or strong performance at the top line, as you know, we do have variable compensation and what we do as we start to accrue for, higher expected variable comp associated with really strong performance and that has across all of our employees, but obviously the Market Tech business is impacted by that as is everywhere else. So, those are the three reasons why the expenses are up a little bit more than you've seen in prior periods. And I would say also as we said, we do believe that the Market Tech revenue will continue to progress as we go through the year and we will. And so therefore, we should have stronger margins developing as we go through the year.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So, in terms of the Corporate Services business overall, there is nothing unusual in the quarter. So, it is good, strong, organic growth. And I think that the one thing that there is a little bit of help from FX, but nothing significant there; but generally speaking, it is just strong organic growth, in terms of the impact of the pricing changes that we've been introducing over the last three years is kind of fully formed at this point. Then on top of that, we have had strong IPO environment as we've launched into the year and a decent one last year as well. And then the Nordic market, as we calculate listing fees on the Nordic market, it's calculated on the market cap. So, the strong performance of the markets last year then deliver the ability for us to have a look at more revenue as we come into this year on the Nordic listings. And then I think that on Corporate Services, we have been executing well in the businesses that we're in. And so, I think that we are starting to show some real momentum in the IR intelligence suite. We went through a year of transition in terms of transitioning to the new platform. And then we kind of had a year of burn-in on that new platform. And now we're getting to the point where we really feel that we have truly excellent value proposition for our clients that we're able to sell on that. And then on top of that, the board and leadership tools continue to grow nicely. So, it really is good strong performance across the segments. In terms of Corporate Solutions, in terms of the drop in revenue, I'm going to turn it to Michael.
Adena T. Friedman: That is correct. So, you'll see that we expect cost to come out this year, but the full run rate really won't go into effect until a year after the close. We have some stranded costs that the organization is working to eliminate as we go through the next year. And we also have a CSA agreement, things like that, that just have to work their way through over the next year with West Corp.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure, we actually, we do basically offer, Alex, what I'll call an à la carte menu. And then we allow for clients to take multiple components in an enterprise way and we kind of discount off of the rack rate on each of the components to get to an enterprise. But a lot of times that means they might take more of the services than they otherwise were taking on an à la carte basis. But it gives them a more stable cost base for them to be able to manage in terms of all the services they're getting from eVestment and it allows us to kind of what I call kind of relend and then we expand into more, more services over time with the clients. And that then culminates in that enterprise type of approach to pricing. So that has been a strategy that the company was on before we bought them and they're just continuing down that roadmap, but it is definitely helping with the revenue growth as more of our clients are realizing that there's just a lot of value in everything we have to offer. And as they're facing more competition in their own industry, the data and analytics, particularly, analytics we have that help them understand how they compete, how strong is their fund versus another? How many inflows are they getting versus their competitors? What are the comparative factors? How many times are people looking at or kind of clearing on their funds versus clearing on others? Those things all together really create a really strong value proposition for the clients. And so that, that once they realize that they do tend to take more of the enterprise license.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. And I would say as we said before, we don't anticipate that this to be kind of an indicative margin for the business. But we have said at Investor Day that we do anticipate to have lower margins in the Market Tech business as we are driving investment into that business, particularly driven by the Nasdaq's Financial Framework investment and the build-out of both our banks and brokers offering on market infrastructure as well as the buy-side surveillance offering. So, we have been I think pretty disclosive about the fact that we do have a couple of investment years this year and next that we're really focused on to make sure that we get away from that moving from a deployed solution provider, a deployed software provider to more of a managed solution provider with more of a platform orientation to it. And we do think on the back of that we should be able to deliver higher margins over time. But this particular quarter is low not just on that basis but on the fact that we have an elevated delivery activity. So when I mentioned that we have kind of an FX neutral basis about $11 million of incremental costs year-over-year quarter, it's really split almost evenly across those three areas. So, it's higher delivery costs, more R&D costs and then the variable comp costs for the quarter.
Adena T. Friedman: Right. So, we're not giving out specific margin outlook within each of the segments, because I think that it's more important for us to kind of give you, in general, where we're investing our dollars, we're going to have certain quarters where, for instance, this quarter, where we had really strong revenues in our Information Services and our Market Services businesses that can drive to really strong margin expansion. And then, but, recognize that we're a big company and we're trying to make sure that we're managing our investment dollars into those things that can grow the fastest over time. And obviously, Market Tech is one of those areas where we are driving our investment dollars into that segment. And as we mentioned before, it will have a shorter term impact on the margins. So, we don't like to give out very specific outlook by segment, because we do kind of operate across the entire organization. In terms of looking at the margin kind of like how do we look at margin progressing in the Market Tech business, as I mentioned to you, I think that we would expect to have kind of a lower margin expectation for the business this year and next. And as we get into 2020, we should be able to start to show the benefits of the growth and the benefits on the investments we're making in terms of the growth of the business, but also the ability to scale the business back up on the back of the investments we're making. But we're not going to be able to give you kind of very specific answers to that right now. On the stranded costs, we would expect that I mean really the stranded costs should take through really April of next year and that's what we've kind of given ourselves to do. But we should be able to get the majority of them done by the end of this year and that will then reflect in the expense guidance we give you for next year.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. I mean we're still definitely in investment mode in NFX and I think that investment is about the same as it has been. I mean in terms of the cryptocurrency work that we're doing we continue to evaluate is there a cryptocurrency future that we think will be distinguishable and distinctive from the others that are already out in the marketplace. And we have been working very extensively with some clients to really evaluate that, and with the cryptocurrency exchanges to evaluate that. So, we are not in a position to be able to talk about what our plans are at this point, but it's not something that – I mean it's something that we're still working on and making a determination as to whether or not we can come up with something that really is, that the clients want, that they see as both an investable asset and a tradable asset. And that we feel where the underlying pricing has really good quality to be able to base the future on. So, we're still working through that, but it would ultimately be traded on NFX if we do decide to launch something.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. So, I think you'll see the margin dynamics improve as we go through the year as they have less and less deferred revenue adjustments we're happy to make.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, we are working together I would say that the organizations are working really well together and Bjørn Sibbern who runs our Information Services business has been getting other parts of our organization involved in making sure that we're optimizing the sales opportunities for instance our surveillance solutions into the buy-side for our board and leadership solutions into the buy-side, in addition to coming up with new index products and other things specifically related to the eVestment data. So we don't have any specifics. We're not going to give out very specific metrics this year, because we're really developing this plans and just starting the execution of them, but we continue to be very optimistic that, that we can provide for cross-selling benefits with the strength of the relationships that the eVestment team have developed in the buy-side.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. I don't have a specific number on the order backlog as it relates to the Nasdaq Financial Framework. But I can tell you that the – well, what happens is definitely when we have a situation with our already an upgraded cycle, so they are looking at a new contract. So, for instance, the Singapore Exchange was kind of in a new cycle for their trading engine and rather than continuing down the road off the trading engine that we've been working with them on for a while, they chose to upgrade to the Nasdaq Financial Framework on that contract renewal and that, that will be the more typical way that our clients work with us, our existing clients work with us on systems for which we already provided service. But we also are finding that when we have, let's say, a trading client and they decide that they need a new clearing system, what's happening then is that they – we get the opportunity to go in the door with them in clearing on the Nasdaq Financial Framework, so that then when they're ready to renew their trading license, they then move that also into the Framework and we start to have a more complete installation with them on the Framework. So, I would say those are the two most common ways that we're finding that the Nasdaq Financial Framework is becoming embedded in our existing clients and we started that really in 2000 – really in the beginning of 2017, we started to move clients onto the core platform and now as we're bringing up the application library later this year we'll be able to offer even more services onto the Nasdaq Financial Framework for our clients.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. I mean I think that it's actually a combination of things, so included in the Trade Management Services is the connectivity and co-lo, but also the Trade Reporting Facility and that has a volume component to it. So, there is some volume related revenue growth, but I would also say that we have found that there are more clients wanting to add ports or add connectivity capabilities because of the volumes as well. And so, it's really kind of a combination of the volumes driving some of the revenue directly, but also having it come from just more demand for our connectivity services on the back of volume.
Adena T. Friedman: I mean generally speaking we're seeing that clients tend to connect in and they want to be ready for the volumes that are coming. So, I would say that once they kind of are in the door with colocation and with connectivity, they tend to keep it there until they have, kind of unless they see a sustained trend of not needing it. But generally speaking, they do it in anticipation of having spikes in volume or ways for them to make sure that they're managing to a generally higher volume environment. And I would say that any sort of the revenue that specific to the Trade Reporting Facility that will come and go with the volumes, but the majority of it is connectivity related to people getting their systems up to the level that they want to have them to manage spikes in volume.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, I think that we have had an ongoing discussion and dialog with the SEC and with our clients on this topic for many years, and so we certainly welcome a roundtable of discussion of it, I think that we're very pleased with the fact that the SEC, in general, is using this kind of structure of roundtable where they invite relevant parties to have specific conversations around topics that are important to them. They did one earlier this week on small stock market structure and we're really pleased to have an opportunity to participate on that. So we like that structure, we like the fact that they're bringing in and having active debates on key topics. We obviously continue to feel very strongly about our position that proprietary products are subject to competitive forces. We have a strong body of evidence that we've been providing to them for years on that topic. So, we'll continue to be able to convey our messages and convey the value that we create with our market data, and those roundtables to be a new form for us to do that.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, we certainly see it as an interesting opportunity because anytime you have a change in ownership of a business, it creates some level of, I don't want to call it disruption, but obviously change in an evaluation that the clients have around the business and their activities there as well as just that integration and all of the internal activity that comes from integration. The fact is that the U.S. Treasury's business is highly competitive. We are in the process of upgrading our technology materially to the Nasdaq Financial Framework to support our Treasury's business and we're very, very excited about that, because we do think that that will deliver much stronger performance throughput, lower latency et cetera and it gets us into a more competitive position in that market. So the fact we're doing that right as they are going to be trying to integrate the broker tech business, I do believe that could be an opportunity for us. But it is highly competitive and I think that's going to be the biggest shift for CME, they don't tend to operate in a highly competitive basis, so that will be a transition for them to be managing into businesses that are in a more competitive fields and we'll see how that grows for us, but we certainly are having very productive conversations with clients as they're thinking through the impact of that combination.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Okay. So on cash equities, yeah, we are really pleased with the fact that we are hearing that 19% market share and I think that it's really on the back of several things, I think the performance of our systems is excellent and we definitely were able to prove that out in the high volume days that we experienced in the first quarter. I think that the second thing is that we have been continue to enhance our offering with the midpoint on extended life orders that we implemented in February. And so, we've definitely seen some really nice growth in volume coming into that and we're really, really pleased with the progress there. And then I think on top of that, we really do work hard to listen to the clients, understand how they want to interact with our market, make sure that both the pricing and the functionality kind of match their needs and we do believe that that's accruing to our benefit right now, in terms of being as client-oriented exchange provider. In terms of the options market, the market share, we're not at all concerned about kind of where we're landing right now in market share, because we really do look at the optimization between share and capture and then in the high volume environment. So, when you have really, really high volumes, you tend to want to just get as much done as you possibly can and that does accrue to the benefit tend to accrue more to the price time market. And then in addition to like what you know well, what you know how to do really well? So, we are seeing some shift towards, some of the price time market. PHLX market also, there's certain kind of order types and order in action that we have seen moved to other markets, but we tend to – we're not at all worried about it, because of the, I would say the capture dynamics of that flow. And so, if you kind of look at the total picture, we're very, very comfortable and confident in the share that we're experiencing against the high volume environment and the capture that we're able to maintain during that period.
Adena T. Friedman: Okay. Great. Well, thank you very much for your time. Well, obviously, we're very pleased with the results of the quarter. We definitely see some really good momentum across our businesses this year and we're excited to continue to drive the business forward. So, thanks very much, and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, it was about $50 million in the quarter. So, it's a bit higher than the run rate of the 195 that we've disclosed and we mentioned that we were selling the business, we're putting the business up for sale. And so, it's a little bit higher run rate in Q1 than had been in the prior-year.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, as we stated when we closed the transaction that we would begin the purchase program, so that will begin once our trading window opens. So, we will start to repurchase those shares that will be around $290 million to $300 million will be the range of the share buybacks that we would be looking at. And that will start at the end of this week. And we'll take a period of time in order to execute that. With respect to the debt, as we stated before we will continue to target that mid-2s by mid-2019. And we are looking at the different options with respect to when to pay down the debt and different types that we have. We don't have a specific schedule to lay out to you, but we do feel confident that we'll be able to achieve the ratios that we're looking towards by mid-2019, and it's really a combination of both debt and EBITDA growth. And so, we're going to look at that in order to achieve that ratio. So, we'll take a look at the options over time.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. It has been restated. And again, the backlog is something that as we move more of the business towards the SaaS model, yeah, that has an impact on the backlog as well. And so we're still considering the different measures that we can use them as we – because we've now moved into this new accounting, we want to make sure that we test the measures on the new accounting revenue recognitions to make sure that they are helpful and useful. So, we're going to spend a little more time analyzing that before we come out with something different, but the backlog does reflect the new accounting.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So I think the key driver in the quarter was the higher growth and a portion of that was due to the variable compensation, so that was one of the key drivers. And then going forward for the remainder of the year, because of the guidance that we've reflected, it does include those stranded costs related to the divestiture. And so that's what's going to have an impact overall on the costs for the year above the 3% targeted rate. But as we did say on Investor Day, in periods where we are growing at rates higher than the numbers that we put towards our outlook there may be additional expenses that are required behind that and so this is a bit of a reflection of that.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. So, we provided the deferred revenue breakdown and I believe that we said that it was going to be $25 million, I think, originally now, I think it's $23 million because $2 million shifted into last year. And so, you'll see most of that come through in the next two quarters, Q2 and Q3, there's a little bit, I think maybe $1 million in Q4, but otherwise most of that should come through in Q2 and Q3.
Michael Ptasznik - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, we're typically just spending around $130 million to $140 million mark in CapEx and that's been the range that we've been at. So I would assume that that's – until you hear from us say something differently, then I would say that will be the number that I would continue to use, as being so that the general number that we would think on an annual basis.
