Adena Friedman: Sure. So with regard to the way that we're going to manage disclosures, Rich, we recognize the fact that we provided investors with a lot of visibility into the market infrastructure technology business for quite some time. And we intend to continue to provide periodic updates to investors to make sure they can continue to track our progress. Both in terms of revenue progress and overall progress against some of the goals and targets that we set at the 2020 Investor Day, and we'll discuss that at the Investor Day on November 8. So, we do recognize the need for us to continue to provide us disclosures as we're managing that business. I do want to say I think that with the market platforms construct with the divisional structure, it actually just increases the opportunities for us to find new ways to serve our market tech clients. And by thinking about us providing kind of an ecosystem orientation to delivering solutions to market tech clients, we hope that they see us as kind of a deeper partner in helping them navigate the kind of the modernization of markets, the way that you bring liquidity into markets, how you set up your infrastructure, et cetera. So, we're quite excited about how this can actually be an amplifier for the business. In terms of the conflict, we do very periodically have to manage through situations where we are providing market technology to a client in the same market in which we're competing. It's very rare, but it does happen. And we have a process and a governance structure internally, leveraging our risk management team, our legal team. And so those conflicts, we manage very actively. I think we've done a very good job of managing these conflicts very well over the years. And so that really doesn't change. It just -- it kind of moves under Tal's responsibility to think through those issues, continue to consult with John Zecca, our General Counsel and Chief Risk Officer, obviously consult with me. So I just don't see any change in kind of how we're going to govern that going forward.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. I think that it's interesting because on the one hand, we are building a new custody solution from line one of code, but we are actually leveraging the -- what we're calling the marketplace services platform to support the liquidity capabilities that we're delivering on top of that custody solution. And so, we have an amazing technology organization. I mean, it really is incredible. And so what we're able to do is think about all the work we've done to establish Nasdaq's financial framework, establish the platform that's serving as our next-gen exchange platform and leverage that, but then adding this custody solution that's very specific to digital assets. And I think that, that allows us to understand -- we brought in some talent that's what I would call digital native talent to really support building the custody solution and yet they're working with our existing Market Tech team and to make sure that we're leveraging all of the capabilities we've been building over the last five years to support the liquidity that we're putting on top of the custody solution. And then I think in terms of also connectivity that we want to have with other exchanges, we provide the technology that powers nine crypto markets today. And so as we work with them and as we expand that client base, we hope that they see us as a good place for them to be able to custody their coin. And so, we obviously will have connectivity points to exchanges as well. And then I guess the last part is anti-fin crime. On Verafin and our trade surveillance business, we've developed out a crypto component, essentially modules that support all the anti-financial crime capabilities that you need in the crypto market. And so whether a digital wallet or your government wallet within a bank, we can support the bank and making sure that they're managing their credential crime risk. And then with regard to markets and trading firms that trade crypto, we have modules that are custom built specifically to manage the crypto surveillance. So all of those things together really put together kind of the complete suite of what we're offering the industry in crypto.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thank you. Yes. And we will cover that, I think, in more depth on Investor Day. So, we're excited to go through that and to make sure that you hear from Nelson and Tal and Jamie and the broader executive team as they're thinking through how we're going to manage the divisions going forward. But the whole purpose of the divisional structure is actually to unlock more opportunity to serve our customers. And we really thought long and hard as to how best to combine our organization so that we are looking at our customers outside in. And we're saying, okay, if you're a market participant, you're trading across Nasdaq's markets, and you're trading in all the markets in which we provide technology. When we think about the future infrastructure to support our markets, we're especially as we're moving into more of an edge cloud environment, and we're looking at developing our own data center into a local private zone and expanding what we can do to serve our ecosystem. We want to make sure we think about that both as a market operator and as a provider of technology and so that we can be more holistic in serving market participants and their needs. And then also making it so that we can really amplify the modernization markets with other exchanges, we have one technology stack now that didn't used to be the case. So, we now have one leading edge, we think, technology that really -- that underscores our exchanges and will underscore the exchanges that we provide technology to. And so, it allows us to think differently about how to serve those clients more holistically. So that's a market platforms. I think -- and therefore, that's a revenue opportunity to put it that way. And the way that those teams are going to work together is -- they're basically the leaders of the North American markets, European markets and Market Tech. They will serve as the key executive supporting Tal. And then we've actually moved the product engineering team under Brenda Hoffman into the division so that the technology organization will be able to work even more closely with the business, and we're moving product marketing into the division as well. So you've got kind of a more holistic way to run the business in an agile format. The same goes for capital access platforms, bringing investors and corporates closer together, thinking about the services that we offer to corporate to communicate to investors, well, what data could we offer investors to help them understand corporates better. How do we leverage our investment in Solovis technology platforms to make it to that asset owners and asset managers have better line of sight into trends such as ESG trends and other things where we're gathering a lot of data, and we're serving corporates well. So -- and then, of course, index products continue to be an area of just great imagination. We can do -- we've always done thematic indexes that underscore our role in the markets, and we'll continue to be able to do that. So I feel like there's, again, more that we can think about in terms of providing more services to investors treating investors also as corporates in terms of governance and IRs that they have in addition to finding new ways to serve our companies. So again, it's a revenue opportunity. And the businesses, Oliver and Jeff Thomas, who run those respective businesses, will report into Nelson and they will help him navigate that. And then lastly, again, the product engineering and marketing teams will be rolling into the division to create a more agile way to -- and more nimble way to move the business forward. So it is -- I just want to say the purpose of it is revenue opportunity. But the purpose of it also is to kind of make sure we're running these divisions as efficiently as possible, and that will be an evolution over time. And we're excited to be able to go through that with you in more detail at Investor Day.
Adena Friedman: I can just say generally, Craig, we manage that business very actively. We think about what the strategies are that our clients are trying to execute on. We think about it both in terms of functionality and in terms of pricing. And as we've been really working to increase the utility of the BX Options market, I think that we've had a really good market share growth in general across that business. And I think that some of all the work that we've been doing foundationally to bring more participants in really came to fruition in the quarter. And so, you're seeing a nice uptick in market share there. But again, it's a very dynamic -- as you know, it's a very dynamic environment, and we are constantly vigilant in making sure that we're pricing our markets the right way to serve clients, and we're offering functionality that really meets their needs. And across the six divisions, we basically can serve the needs of any options market maker or market participants.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. So one thing that we did at the end of last year within the anti-fin crimes business is we segmented the Verafin business into the small to medium banks and then what's the midsize to large banks. And we have two leaders that have really taken on responsibility for looking at each of those groups and those segments of clients. And I think that we did that work at the end of last year, and then we kind of put very specific programs in place to help amplify the growth characteristics in the small to medium bank space and then in the midsized to large bank space because the sales cycles are different. The approach to the product is different. And certainly, as we're moving up to the top tier banks, it's just -- it's a different process and a different orientation, and we wanted to make sure that we kept that machine going within the SMB banks while we also continue to evolve the organization to serve the bigger ones. And I think a lot of the things that we put in place at the beginning of the year for small to medium banks really have come to fruition. There's always a ton of focus on pipeline management, a ton of focus on client service, et cetera. And the sales cycles are relatively quick and the on-boarding is relatively quick. So I think you're just seeing the machine working really well. But I would also say you asked about the current environment, and this is how I look at software sales in an uncertain economic environment. I think, first of all, there is this driving trend across all industries and all segments towards automation and finding ways to do more with fewer people. And the employment environment is very tight. So if anything, banks are struggling to find personnel to be able to manage their financial crime risk so they want to bring in more technology. And technology generally and more automation will make them more efficient over time. So even in uncertain economic environment, you're still seeing generally strong demand for B2B software that that drives automation and allows for more efficiency. But even more powerful is when that software solution is easy to implement. It's a light lift. It's not costly to bring the solution in-house and it's not a big strain on your infrastructure. So cloud-based solutions, SaaS-based solutions are much in higher demand than heavy implementation on-prem solutions. And Verafin, therefore, kind of ticks every box, right? It takes every box for the small banks. It's an all-in-one platform solution that allows them to have much better crime management with fewer people. And then when you look at the largest banks, they're struggling with just an increasingly complex environment, and they need modules that can really help them be more efficient and more effective in finding criminals. And I think that Verafin can -- as it's scaling up to the top tiers, is looking at it more as a modular. They can come in and focus on wire fraud, ACH fraud, business e-mail compromise or they can do one of those things, they can do all of those things. But as banks are looking at their most acute problems, we're coming in with a solution that where we can show material improvement and their ability to manage it. And I think that, again, it's a SaaS-based cloud-based solution. So it's a light lift, light implementation against a really, really great result. So, the return on investment is high. And I think that's why we will be -- continue to be successful in managing through different economic environments. And we're very excited about how we're working with the large banks. That is a different sale. And our trade surveillance business has a lot of experience managing those complex sales, but those take a while. And we've known that from the very beginning. I think when we announced Verafin, we said that we have kind of a three-year view as to how we want to manage to start to penetrate the Tier 1s, and we think we're making great progress. But it takes time to sign those clients after showing that our product is offering them a really good return..
Adena Friedman: Yes. It's a good question. I think that if you -- we don't give very specific stats as to what the very specific conversion rate is. But I would say that, if you think about all of the IPOs and you kind of look at the ones that are -- probably had larger raises, they have a more established IR group and IR needs, I think that the conversion rate is very high because we do work very hard to prove our value during the three years that they are provided these services free of charge. And so, I think if you kind of take the number of companies went public and then you look at the companies that had larger capital raises, I think that you should assume that there's a really good conversion rate. I think as you look at the smaller, smaller listings that had lower capital raises, they're going to be a little bit more discerning as to which of the services they continue to take but all of them are an up-sell opportunity. And I think that our team does a really good job of really managing the clients well so that they really get great value. So it's a natural thing for them to say, you know what, we're going to continue to receive this value and we're willing to pay for it. But we don't provide specific stats. I just think you're going to have to kind of just look at the roll-off periods, look at the number of IPOs and then probably make some assumptions on conversion.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, actually, it's regulated. So the suite of services is publicly available. It's some and it's basically you get to choose surveillance or targeting or perception you get, I think, a set number of seats. It's anywhere from, I think, one to three seats -- two seats or two seats for IR. And then the ESG reporting is really you're getting access to -- you can choose one report of Metrio in terms of providing data aggregation and reporting solutions. And so, that's actually out there in the public domain, you can kind of see what we're offering, and therefore, that would be what they would convert. Now during the three years, we worked really hard to show them that they might want to take the overall surveillance service, which is just giving them insights into who's buying and selling their stock, but they might want to take targeting or they might want to do a perception study. So, we do work with them to show them that there's incremental value they can receive even during the period.
Adena Friedman: Thanks, Alex. I think that when we -- first of all, we really spend the majority of our time really focused on organic growth. But as we look at opportunities for acquisitions and obviously, we'll be very discerning during this period of time to make sure that we're driving to a financial return and a strategic value, I think that we focus -- we're focusing our acquisition reviews in three key areas. It's really the modernization of markets and the idea of technology is serving the financial community. The second is in ESG and how we can continue to provide better capabilities for companies and investors to connect together to manage the complexity there. And then the third is on anti-financial crime. So I think that you will see that we're focused in making sure that we make smart and value-additive decisions if we're going to grow inorganically. I have to say, in anti-financial crime, as you said, there's a really great growth runway with the business as it is, and it's a very good and complete solution. But there may be ways to amplify that strategy or to go into more adjacencies in anti-fin crime over time, and we'll evaluate that. But it's something that we look at. We're looking at across all three themes as we're thinking about acquisitions going forward.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, just to answer the last question first. Our primary goal is to build our solutions to serve the industry because we're trying to bring more modern infrastructure into the digital asset space. So, our -- we want to make sure that what we deliver is hyper resilient, is industrialized like we do with our own markets and our market tech for other exchanges. And so, we are -- we see ourselves as a builder in the space, and we do think we can differentiate ourselves in that way. I think, Owen, how this came about? I think we started reviewing the digital asset space obviously years ago. But we really started to doing a deep dive as to how we could play a role in digital assets over the last 18 months. And I think that our view is that there are some very specific and acute pain points that keep institutions from engaging in digital assets. And yet we're really good at providing industrialized solutions and capabilities that drive institutional engagement in market. So, we decided to focus in on how can we provide infrastructure that helps drive adoption into the institutional community and how can we do it in a way that where we're not -- we're going to be conservative, but we're also going to be really, really thoughtful in making sure that we add value -- and we're not -- we did not want to go into the space and say, we're just going to be crypto exchange, 438 or whatever the number is, right? We wanted to make sure that we came in with something that's differentiated that institutions feel like they can use and they can rely on that's accessible, available, resilient, et cetera, and scalable. And so, we decided to start with custody because it's foundational to anything in digital assets. Safekeeping of the coin, in our opinion, is a foundational layer. And whether that's cryptocurrencies or NFTs or other digital assets, it's just something that we felt we needed to get good at and we needed to be able to deliver. As we think about solutions that we're going to add on top of that, the first one is this kind of institutional liquidity solution that -- it's not a continuous market. It's not driven -- it's not retail driven at all. It's really meant for institutions to be able to convert coins to be able to transfer coin from one exchange to another across the custody solution, et cetera, and it's a good entry point for us. What we're going to do going forward, though, Owen is going to depend on how successful we are with step one. So want to get launched. We want to make sure that we have the licenses that we need to operate successfully. And then, we will see gain some experience and then decide what's next for us. But we're excited to get into the space, but we're also doing it with our eyes wide open.
Adena Friedman: I think that with regard to -- I would just say that the complex order functionality is relatively stable. I don't think we're seeing significant changes in demand for complex order functionality. It's become increasingly competitive over the years. It's hard to build, and it's hard to support. So we are -- honestly, we feel great about being in that space because we do it really well. And I think we have a truly differentiated exchange offering around complex sort of functionality. But it's not an area that kind of goes and swings very broadly from one quarter or one year to the next, and it's institutionally driven. But also remember that we also have our floor brokers in PHLX and our auction capabilities and kind of the ability to handle block trade as well. And that's a different exchange with different capabilities. And that market does ebb and flow a bit with institutional demand. And so -- and that also commands a different fee structure than the retail platforms. So, I think that you're probably seeing a combination of both, Andrew, in terms of helping -- in terms of both pricing and our market share. Nasdaq has -- I think one of the things we do differentiate ourselves on is the fact that we have retail-driven platforms, and we have institutionally driven platforms with a lot of different functionalities. So we can be a complete service provider -- so in any environment where the trends are different or retail engagement ebbs and flows, we still have the ability to manage flow from everyone. And I think right now, you're just seeing us operating in all cylinders across the options franchise.
Adena Friedman: Well, thank you very much for your time today. But before I conclude today's call, I would like to make sure you're aware of a change in our Investor Relations team. Specifically, Ed Ditmire has chosen to take on a new challenge as the Head of Investor Relations in a different sector, and this will be his last earnings call with us here at Nasdaq. Ed joined us in 2013, and he has been truly instrumental in shaping and improving our relationships with our investors throughout his tenure here. In nearly a 10-year time frame in which our stock delivered a 440% return, which is just an awesome track record for Ed. Along the way, Ed has become an integral part of the senior team at Nasdaq and has brought our investors into the room figuratively at least, as we've made important and impactful strategic decisions. We are launching a search for a new Head of Investor Relations, and we will provide an update once our new head of IR is selected. During the interim period, Neil Stratton will report directly to Ann Dennison, and he will be the primary contact for analysts and investors. I now want to turn the call now to you, Ed, for a few comments.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And Ed will be with us at Investor Day where we'll have a chance to provide him a proper sendoff. But it is with sadness that we have to -- I don't make this announcement, but we're very excited for Ed. So, congratulations, Ed, on your new chapter, and your new adventure that you're going to be starting later in November. Well, in closing, Nasdaq's third quarter results demonstrate our strong execution thus far in 2022, and we look forward to speaking with you more about our future plans at our Investor Day. Thank you and have a great day.
