Bob Greifeld: So first is as I said in my prepared remarks, we definitely figured out better ways to lever our existing infrastructure within Europe and other parts of the company, so we're able to do that quite efficiently without any really lessening of customer service. With respect to the market share, we've taken a different philosophy with incentives. I think it's a better long term philosophy, short term hit but this is about really growing the core interest and what we'll call the naturals in the marketplace. So we're actually satisfied with the progress we're making under the new way we're looking at the endeavor. That being said I think the eventual long term success of NLX requires a new set of committed partners. Again as I said in my prepared remarks, we're excited about the progress we're making with those discussions but they are at the end of the day fundamental I think to the long term success of NLX.
Bob Greifeld: Yes, so I think when you look at each of the segments of the business, let's go kind of just through the four individually. So in listing services, clearly the strength of the new issue market which we're seeing we continue to see a strong pipeline as well as we talked about we have some pricing increases that we're implementing, I think we feel very comfortable with the organic growth drivers within that segment as we see the business right now and over the intermediate term. And when you look then secondly at the Information Services business, there again you see both product strength in terms of NASDAQ BASIC which is a primary contributor of our organic growth as well as selected pricing improvements that we've been able to make across the business and I would say generally further innovations in finding new products and development and in particular that's where we're very excited about the fresh look that Salil will bring to the business in helping us expand that business. The index business is fundamentally driven organically by the ongoing shift from active to passive management and the growth in our assets under management drives that. So all of those under pin our organic growth confidence in Information Services. In Technology Solutions with market technology as you can see we had particular strength in order intake in that business. I think that's indicative of continued appetite among both large players like the Japan exchange as well as Singapore to upgrade their technology which is an opportunity for us. We continue to be the leading dominant player in that space so as that trend continues, we expect that will drive our growth plus growth in BWise which had record order intake as well as in our SMARTS business is evidence of us finding effective niches of products that are demonstrating good growth in that business. And then in Corporate Solutions, while currently we continue to face both the FX headwinds and some of the challenges as we integrate and transition that business, we still have a fundamental optimism and confidence in the quality of the product platform that we're developing for those clients over the intermediate term and that will, that appetite not only product differentiation but I think a fundamental increase in the utilization of technology to meet the needs for corporate customers on the IR side, on the governance front, on multimedia and communication tools will continue to expand and create an opportunity for us. So those are all of the non-transactional businesses and the underpinning organic growth and then within the market services business, we of course believe that maintaining our competitiveness in that sector, our ability to grow our market share across all of our trading businesses but particularly with regard to the opportunity that we see at eSpeed in expanding beyond the on the run treasury sector into the off the run space is an opportunity for us to grow that business as well as the initiatives including NLX and others which we will continue to work towards delivering organic growth beyond an overall expectation of market growth as volumes respond to higher volatility. So sorry, it's a long answer but I wanted touch on what we think are the underlying drivers of our organic growth.
Bob Greifeld: Well I would start by saying that we certainly support an active discussion of the underpinnings of the market under Reg NMS and we recognize there needs to be an improvement there. I think I said on some prior releases, we're also now focused on the art of the possible in terms of what's achievable so while we support ICE's efforts and other comments and trying to change the structure, we do understand how the wheels of the machinery down at the commission run. So I think most interesting is what we're trying to do proactively and you see it's basically next week Tom, right, we start the pilot where we put in a fee cap which has been strongly supported by the by side and with most members of the sell-side. So that's something we could do of our own power under our own control with strong support from the customers. We're doing it as a pilot. We'll study the data to the extent that it makes sense and improves market quality then we'll move along with that. The only other thing I'll add as I've said previously, we think the concept to make or take is not by itself bad. The concept of rewarding somebody to provide information to the rest of the marketplace by showing their cards first is fine. We think it's not fine when that reward is the reason for the activity in and of itself so certainly, our concept of make being a valid approach is there in our pilot but you would also see then a reduction in the maker fee to give somebody the essence of the reward for initiating liquidity into the marketplace.
Bob Greifeld: Let me start with the first. So in consultation with our customers, they definitely educated us in saying that while the market share success of NLX in the beginning days was interesting and certainly served as an advertising mechanism to draw their interest and to draw them into further conversations with us, at the end of the day the question was what kind of natural flow are you bringing into the marketplace and how are you growing open interest over time? So that's been our focus and kind of a pivot point come December. The benefit there it allows us to basically reduce our burn rate in addition to other things we did to lever our infrastructure. So that's been positively received by the customers and I would say the key point is that NLX has established credibility with the potential partners in that we're obviously up or operational. We're live. We have a broad distribution in the marketplace between all the different ISVs and number of direct connections into the marketplace. We have a demonstrated ability when necessary to attract market share to the platform and very importantly also we're clearing through LCH and we're supporting the horizontal clearing model and as I said previously, we don't have yet to find a single customer who wants to be in a vertical monopoly. So we're addressing that need for them. So we're basically very pleased with the reduction in the burn rate. We're pleased I think with the new strategy and we're also pleased with the discussions that are ongoing. And I'll also say with NLX, it's important to recognize based on the new approach we do have in addition to partner discussions a number of new FCMs who are in various stages of connecting to us so far so good there. With respect to a product which we have not announced, there is a newspaper report on it but we haven't fully announced anything on it. As I’ve said in my prepared remarks when customers come to us we do listen and we do understand as I said before the customers like to see some way out of a monopoly type situation. We understand that here in the U.S. as we build our futures franchise and our integration into the clearing infrastructure most notably OCC that we have abilities to do things at a relatively low cost and I would also say that anything we might contemplate with the other asset classes will definitely be well informed by our experiences with NLX and I think we would have a very focused effort if we decide to go in that direction.
Bob Greifeld: Well the first thing I would say is the eSpeed acquisition and Thomson Reuters acquisition, well with any acquisition you always - it doesn't go exactly the way you want, we feel very good about the fact that we're in a better competitive position today than we were a year ago and I think you could argue that we're in a significantly better competitive position in both of those businesses than we were one year ago. So that always forebodes well for financial performance in the future so we're happy about that and clearly we're seeing some uptick in eSpeed and also in Corporate Solutions so trend lines are in fact positive. Responding to your question directly, we have to look at each situation individually and make our assessments. I think your direct question would be if you look at an acquisition and you're assuming large revenue growth we clearly recognize that that increases the risk profile and it's a dramatic risk profile increase to assuming expense synergies so we do use that to guide some of our thinking. It's very hard for us to consider any acquisition where we have a hockey stick revenue growth and in the last year we have not been successful in a number of different bidding situations because of our discipline with respect to one, the return we need but two, in terms of just our clinical view of what the revenue growth opportunities are.
Bob Greifeld: I wouldn't want to say anything definitive. I would say we look at each situation and each particular point in time as unique opportunity.
Bob Greifeld: Let me start with the first part of your question, Lee can address the second. So when you look at our customer mix, we recognize that we're more indexed to volatility. So as volatility comes into the marketplace the predominance of our customers enjoy that and trade more actively so in periods of low volatility our markets share will skew lower than I think its baseline rate and during heightened volatility I think you'll see the opposite. So the important point is we're in good situations with all our customer which is we could not say a year ago and certainly we see increased volatility in the fourth quarter going into the first quarter which is serving us well, so we're pleased with the positioning and as we've said before, we're somewhat uniquely able to extend the product set in that we don't have a voice brokerage component that would argue against that and we have the soft role of short shorts this week and we're looking forward to making that in full production the next couple of weeks so we're excited.
Bob Greifeld: Well our guidance is that it's longer term guidance and so it's first of all, that's organic growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. So when we provide those organic numbers in the chart on page 4 of the presentation those are at constant currency, Niamh, so that's the changes or fluctuations in foreign exchange rate won't influence the numbers that we're reporting there nor the overall guidance that we've provided.
Bob Greifeld: Yes, I would say it think our expectation in looking at where the analyst consensus expenses are is that they have probably have not updated for current foreign exchange rates. That's why it may look flat to lower than where we're and so when we set the 2015 guidance what we're looking at is average foreign exchange rates in January to determine that number, so I think that adjustment needs to be made and then we've also given you guidance in terms of the additional expenses from the Dorsey, Wright acquisition which would be approximately $10 million on an annual basis.
Bob Greifeld: I think it's a win-win and it's obviously a net benefit to us but our customers also like it because they have a better ability to budget for the year, they did not like getting middle of the year listing of additional shares fees. So this is a way for them to avoid that, so it's been very, very well received. The uptake was we give them the option, the uptake was higher than we anticipated so we're happy.
Bob Greifeld: Yes, right now our market share lead over our nearest competitor is higher than it ever has been historically. So I think we're six points higher than number two when you put our different assets together but so between Philex and BX, were at an all-time high, so we have certainly seen market share gains from us versus some other competitors, I don't need to go into names but we're very pleased with our market share positioning.
Bob Greifeld: Great. Well as I said in my prepared remarks, it was truly an outstanding quarter and outstanding year. We're happy to be delivering to our investor's record results. Our businesses are better positioned than they were before. Our management team is in place and positioned to grow this institution over time and I think we're striking the right balance between focus on core operational efficiency, investment in R&D and strategic acquisitions. So we like to stay at the - of the franchise at this point in time. We appreciate your support and look forward to getting back to you again in the next quarters to come. So thank you everybody.
