Adena Friedman: Well, thank you. Well, I would say that we are -- we only changed our outlook for our growth rates or what I would say medium to long-term revenue growth rates about two quarters ago. So I'd say that, Rich, we're still -- we still believe that those are the appropriate way, the appropriate growth rates, at least based on a kind of a three to five year time horizon. But having said that, I do agree with you that we are performing well ahead of our outlook and we're obviously extremely pleased with that performance. I think that as we continue to gain more traction across our platforms, and particularly in the Solutions segment, we certainly can look to make those adjustments, but we're sticking with the outlook at this point.
Adena Friedman: And we'll make some adjustments to that. And when we announced the Verafin acquisition, so we did make those adjustments as part of that announcement.
Adena Friedman: Thanks, Alex. Well, I think that really when you look at the revenue performance in the Listings business; it is on the back of three very strong years of new listings, which of course gets us to a new annualized recurring rate of Listing revenue. We had over I guess in 2019, we had a 189 IPOs. In 2020, we had over I think 314 IPOs. And then this year, already, we've had 275 IPOs. You are right though, with the SPAC Listings, it's a little different. They, first of all, they tend to come in at the capital market, because they want to pay the lowest possible fees. So contributions from SPAC if we look at an overall SPAC annual listing revenue is only about 5% of our total listing revenues. So it is a -- it's not a huge contributor. And of course, when they do combine with companies, then we have the opportunity to bring that company to Nasdaq as an operating company. And that tends to accrue to a higher fee rate. So there's a lot of opportunity from the SPACs as they make this combination to increase our revenue contribution. But it also is pretty limited risk in terms of if this SPACs are not able to find operating companies they want to combine with. But generally speaking, Alex, it's just I think it's kind of a compounding effect of multiple years where we've been -- we've been winning the majority of IPOs and frankly, the vast majority of operating company IPOs. And it's just been a favorable environment for us to be able to bring a lot of new companies to market. So I think it's a combination of all those things. And I should mention also, we had 32 new listings in the Nordics in the first quarter as well. And so that -- that -- that's really bucking the trend in Europe and we continue to see a lot of strength in our Nordics business as well.
Adena Friedman: Great. Sure. Yes, on the Anti Financial Crimes side, it is largely a SaaS oriented business. There are -- so we think about what we put into Anti Financial Crime Sub Segment are the surveillance solutions to market. Some of those are still on-prem, but they're long-term licensed or licensed revenues, not a lot of project-related costs, because that's a pretty a more standardized service. Then you have the SaaS business related to the surveillance for our trading firms and it's all SaaS. And then you have the risk management solutions to both markets and broker dealers, and there that has both the combination of on-prem and SaaS solutions. And then lastly, you have Verafin which is entirely a SaaS business with very low professional fees. So generally speaking it's -- what you're seeing in the quarters is a relatively recurring element of kind of what the potential of the business is. As I mentioned before, we did have 10% growth in our Anti Financial Crime business, absent Verafin. So we continue to see really strong demand for all of those solutions. I think that in terms of the overall growth rate for Market Tech absent Verafin, as we mentioned, the Market Infrastructure Technologies part of the business has been more materially impacted by the pandemic, and we're still in a pandemic. So, we're still not able to go visit clients. These are generally in oftentimes particularly for new clients, these are large scale decisions that they're making, to have us partner with them to build and support them, and their core business technologies. So they tend to be sales cycles that resulting from relationships and it's harder to establish and manage those relationships if we can't visit our clients. So that is still the case, because of the pandemic. However, having said that our existing clients, they really spent last year focusing on managing the very high volume environment in a pretty dynamic capital markets environment as well. As they come into 2021, we are having more constructive conversations with them around thinking longer-term again, thinking about how they want to continue to advance their technology. So we're certainly seeing encouraging signs of working with our clients. But as I said in my comments, we would expect that the short-term growth rates on that part of the business would be -- will be moderated. And but over time, we're not changing our medium to long-term outlook on the overall business because we have confidence that will recover.
Adena Friedman: Yes, sure. Thanks Mike. So I think that the there are two areas we've been highlighting that I think you're starting to see more of a recovery already in eVestment, but eVestment certainly in 2020 had more of an impact. And I would say eVestment and Solovis, I should say together. The Investment Management community and the asset owners were also dealing with a lot of change, a very dynamic environment; they weren't sure whether this is going to be a sustainable market trend. And so they were, they really pulled back on buying decisions around any sort of analytical tools. So, but what we are seeing, as we've mentioned in the first quarter is that we maintain these conversations and relationships, we definitely, I think through our all-in pricing model that we've shifted to in 2019, really, it helped us actually retain a lot of clients in 2020. And therefore, now going into 2021, we're seeing that investment managers and asset owners are back in the market to really find ways to frankly manage these very dynamic portfolios. So and we've also done more to create a more all-in solution, particularly for asset owners across Solovis and eVestment. So we're seeing a lot of nice upswing now coming into 2021 off the back of a pretty impacted 2020. I think Market Tech, as we've mentioned, particularly the market infrastructure technology is the other area that's been impacted. And then across the rest of it, I would say that it's and actually I would say somewhat in the governance area, on the governance platform solutions. We -- it's harder; we do a lot of work there. But again, I think a lot of corporates we're dealing with downturns; we're dealing with a lot of challenges. And so it was a harder sales environment for that team as well, last year and we're starting to see some recovery there as well, but that would be another area where we hope that we would have more pickup in 2021 and beyond.
Adena Friedman: I can say that we ended 2020 on very much on plan and started 2021 very much on plan. So we're very pleased that I mean the business it's a great business, but it's also just a great team. And they're extremely focused. And I think that they're focused on the right path forward. So they're very much on plan with what we talked about when we announced the acquisition.
Adena Friedman: Okay. With regard to the longer-term, I have to say that we've already gotten off to a really, really great start in working with them and collaborating with them on client introductions and understanding where they want to focus on their sales activities. But they also are really, really focused on continuing to invest in R&D, invest in the business so that we can really become the preeminent Anti Financial Crime Technology provider to banks of all sizes, right, so the largest banks and the smallest banks. As we mentioned, when we announced the deal, and at closing, we do -- we will be working with them on to support their investments and certain things that certain technology capabilities that we have that we think that can be additive to their capabilities that can really make it to that as we go into the Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks we have just a -- Tier 2 banks -- we have just a fantastic solution for them. But that is, as you mentioned multiyear strategy. And so we've gotten a lot of inbound demand from our Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks to understand what the solution is and how it works. We're actually able to go in with some point solution sales into particularly Tier 2 banks that we think that are going to be relevant and allow us to lend and expand. And then we had or I should say Verafin had their first client sign up for to help them with some Fraud detection in a European Bank. So we're pretty excited about the fact that even just right on the heels of the acquisition, we're already seeing opportunities there. So we see a lot of good opportunities for us to collaborate with them that will support their growth rate over the longer term.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I think that they certainly have seen really nice demand pickup in the what I would say $50 billion plus in assets, kind of banks that they continue to penetrate that that sector quite successfully. And they have an all-in full solution that really supports kind of a full platform for those banks. As they've been going in and starting to engage with $100 billion and plus type of banks, and really the large, the very large banks, they are finding opportunities to come in with a specific solution like a part of their offering. And that that they do have part of their offerings are quite relevant to the needs of those banks in terms of what I would call more of a like point solutions approach. So what we want to be able to do is become that all-in platform partner to those banks over time. So there may be some shorter term opportunities like we have at the European company to have a nice specific sale of a specific capability now that we're very, very good at. But then overtime I think that the real revenue opportunity will come if we can really build that out to become more of a holistic platform partner. So I just wanted to know, it's obviously very early days, there's a lot of enthusiasm, a great sense of partnership. And the ability for us to open doors but it will be it'll take time for us to get the solution and investment that we want to make in the business so that we can get that solution to become the preeminent platform across the entire industry.
Adena Friedman: It's a combination of things. It is quite, it is actually quite a fragmented market. It's also a huge market opportunity, right. So you're talking about $12 billion of potential TAM, I think that we're positioned to be able to serve at least $6 billion to $8 billion of that TAM. So it's a huge market opportunity. It's a huge and growing problem. So I kind of equated in some respects, well, first of all, I think that there will be certain platforms that kind of emerge as the ones that the banks rely upon for all of their core work. And then there'll be point solutions and other innovations that come in on top of that, that we should be in a position either to acquire or integrate or partner with to make it so that we can continue to manage the dynamic needs of our clients. So I think that is the case. But there are some incumbents and I would say many are on-prem solutions that are not nearly as nimble or flexible, which is what I think Verafin has been very successful displacing in recent years, as well as a lot of internal build, particularly for the larger banks, the internal builds. And then at the very smallest end, there are a lot of small point solutions, providers that Verafin also competes very successfully against. And they've done a nice job of working with a lot of the more core banking platform providers to integrate Verafin into this platform, so that as our client is taking one of these core platforms, the banking platforms, they know that they have the benefit of Verafin as part of that.
Adena Friedman: Great. We're excited to have Gary Gensler coming to the role of Chairman, I think that it's great to have a leader within the SEC that really understands markets and market structure. So he is certainly a market structure expert. In terms of the priorities, I think on the back of some of the retail trading trends and hearings that happened in Washington, I do believe this will be a focus area for the SEC, and they're already working on a kind of a white paper, a thought piece around it, to go out and get comments and input from the industry. When it comes to part of that is, is a discussion of the dark trading, because when you look at the composition of the markets in the U.S., almost it's like 40% to 50% it's like I would say 45% or so of the trading today is done in the dark, and the vast majority of that is retail. So that means that the retail orders are not getting exposed to the lid exchanges, and they're not therefore contributing to price discovery. And therefore, then you have to sit there and say well, do we have the best reflection of price discovery if only half the market is being exposed and displayed? So I think, Ken, it is an area of focus for us. It's one of several things that we -- I think that the SEC and us and others will be focused on, as we look at how to continue to make market structure improvements. It's -- one of the great things about this business. Honestly, Ken, as you know, it's like an eternal learning curve. It's one of the things that keeps me so interested. And it's just fascinating to see how the markets evolve. But as we continue to evolve those markets, I think that some focused areas that we think will be important are to look at settlement cycles to see if we can go from two-plus-two to two-plus-one as well as to look at the margin calculation process and giving people a little bit more clarity as to the margin obligations. The second is on short sale disclosure. We do believe that that long positions are disclosed or positions are not and it just seems like an unfortunate asymmetry. And then the third is on market structure and trying to level the playing field between exchanges and off exchange players, but not in a way that's unnatural, but in a way that just allows us all to compete successfully. And, one of those examples would be tick size -- minimum tick sizes and minimum trade sizes and things like that. But that's one of several things that we would want to have the SEC consider.
Adena Friedman: Great, hey, Owen. So NPM did have an outstanding quarter. And frankly, we had a really, really strong year in NPM last year, too. It really picked up in the second half, like the first half, particularly as we got into the pandemic became really slow. And then suddenly in the second half, we had a whole range of programs coming out, and it really -- activity picked up and gave us a great fourth quarter and now a great first quarter. I think that we should recognize that more and more companies are seeing -- more and more private companies are seeing NPM as a good way for them to manage long-term liquidity needs of their employees and investors without having to bring themselves to the public markets, or ahead of bringing themselves to the public markets where as you mentioned, with Coinbase having some of that liquidity done in the private markets ahead of time, kind of position them really well for their direct listing and gave them an investor base that they could walk into their listing with, in a way that was very sustainable and strong. And so I think that would be a good example of how companies I think increasingly are using the private markets as a kind of a lead in into a direct listing. And we see that as a really encouraging sign for our business and for the relationships we have at our companies. I think their crypto space; it's a good question, Owen, as to whether more crypto-oriented companies will be coming into the public markets on the back of Coinbase. And whether or not they also would choose that path. And if that's the case, then I think the Nasdaq Private Market is a natural way for them to manage that private liquidity ahead of an IPO.
Adena Friedman: Great, thanks. The way I look at the crypto markets and the overall cryptocurrency economy is that it's in a very -- it's still in a very early stage. And that's great, because I think we've seen this really elegant construct come into the ecosystem in terms of what the Blockchain and what you can do with it, you're seeing now some really interesting and tangible applications of it that have been more geared up until recently towards retail. But now you're starting to see institutional players recognizing that this is an construct that really could become part of mainstream commerce. So it's that classic product lifecycle that's really starting to develop and you're seeing where all the early experimentations turn to early businesses turned into proliferation of businesses now are turning into, I would say more concentrated but still very, very early, early lifecycle type of companies emerging. And so it does give us time for us to figure out the right path for us our -- as you mentioned, our initial involvement in crypto has been with our technology. And that's been really great. We are partners with several crypto markets on their surveillance and their technology bit and that's one of the big concerns with crypto has been around making sure that the markets are fair for all participants. And so our technology is highly relevant, they're managing trading and frankly, the scalability of trading that they've had to deal with. Our systems are designed for scale. So I think that that also really gives us some real advantage. And then we actually have launched with a partner, Crypto Index, and we've turned that into investable products outside the U.S. and we're hoping with a second partner to kind of hopefully bring that into the U.S. in coming months. So we do have some really interesting ways for us to participate in the crypto space. But we're still evaluating what should our long-term role be? And how will the markets evolve? And obviously, there are some great, great winners, including Coinbase, of course, in terms of developing the marketplaces of the future.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, we're really encouraged by what we've been doing to develop at our ESG solutions. And again, it is early days. At the Investor Day, we gave a view that we would hope that these types of new ESG services that we've launched and products that we've launched would generate at least $50 million over five years. And so $50 million a year, five years later, sure, if you're clear. But I think that we obviously are quite encouraged by the fact that we've had some really great adoption of our ESG solutions by companies. We also have actually incorporated our ESG solutions into our IPO package now. So we'll get more and more companies adopting them and that gives us longer-term revenue opportunity with them as well. And we do obviously think that this is a trend that is here today. It's something that we believe will drive a lot of corporate decision making in the future, and we want to be that partner to the corporates to help them navigate this landscape. The business that we have launched and the services we offer are as popular in the U.S. as they are in Europe. So we already have, I would say we've had really good adoption of the products in the U.S. But in the Europe we've had, it's more mature. And so there's more. We've had more sustainable bond listings and other capital listings that also we support in Europe, in addition to helping our clients through standard setting and reporting, et cetera. So I think that it's an interesting dynamic space. And it's one we're quite encouraged by.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thank you. And thank you very much for your time today. We're very pleased to see our businesses delivering strong organic revenue growth in the quarter. You're guided by our strategic direction. We have a clear focus for the remainder of 2021, as we reimagine markets to realize the potential of tomorrow. I look forward to updating all of you on our progress in the months to come and thank you and have a great day.
