Adena Friedman: Well, first of all, Rich, we welcome all of your questions. So thank you for that, and thanks for the mention on AWS. But Ann is going to go ahead and give you some color on that.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And I think 1 other just piece of color on the order intake for the year, when we look at it, well more than 50% of the order intake is from either expansions of our relationships with existing clients or from new clients. So it's a net new revenue opportunity for us as we execute against these contracts.
Adena Friedman: Okay. Great. Thanks, Alex. So first of all we continue to support our medium-term, long-term outlook on our Solutions segment revenues in terms of the outlook that we provided to you around that 6% to 9%. I think that all of the businesses have slightly different dynamics. But the one thing I would agree with you on is that the entry rate for those businesses is quite strong. So we had a really strong end to 2021. And then, of course, with ARR, annual recurring revenue, it kind of portends to a strong entry rate for 2022. But as we look at kind of the longer – medium- to long-term trends of the business, we continue to support that 6% to 9%. And as we continue to perform and execute and grow and expand the businesses, like we did when we announced the Verafin deal, we will certainly make the appropriate adjustments there. But I think, Alex, that as you know, it's always – it's a very dynamic environment. So we feel very comfortable with that outlook, and we will see how we execute against it this year.
Adena Friedman: Yes. You actually pointed out a lot of key contributors, Dan. So capture is really – is definitely mix plays a big role in that. The types of – the types of instruments that are also more heavily traded in any given period of time, and then both also deliberate actions that we might want to take in order to attract certain volumes into our markets from a competitive perspective. So as you know, with more retail, particularly in options just to point out, and more – and heavier volumes in what I would call the price time markets in options during turbulent times, those venues carry with them a lower capture. Whereas in our Philex and our ISC marketplaces that have support more complex transactions have a higher capture. So any time where you see more retail and more volumes coming in to the price time venues you're going to see capture change. But then at the same time, we do try to manage our capture quite actively in terms of attracting certain order flow into our market stand. So that's a – there's a lot of dynamics underpinning that. But what we look at is the mix of capture and market share and volumes to try to make sure we're optimizing the results for our shareholders. And I think we've done an excellent job of that, really maintaining, I think a really strong marketplace across all of our businesses, all of our markets in a highly competitive time for the marketplace.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Thanks, Owen. So yes, our AWS partnership actually, I think is really unique because there are a few things. First of all, we do have a lot of our technology services today that are already cloud-based in AWS and also in Azure. And so we have already have, I think a lot of experience in working in the cloud. So as we start to really focus in on the marketplace businesses, and we start to bring our markets into the cloud environment. I think we're doing it in a really, really thoughtful way. But what's really cool and I think cook and unique about the relationship that we've developed here is that bringing AWS into the Carteret data center. And then Equinix has committed to expanding the data center very significantly. We're doubling size of the data center, doubling the power into the data center. So as we create this kind of – this best private local zone for AWS in Carteret, number one, it makes it much easier for our clients to migrate to the cloud environment that they're going to create inside the data center. And number two, it gives us more space, more power to offer additional services to our clients and to give our clients a chance actually to bring more of their surrounding systems, more of their trading systems into a cloud environment, but in a very controlled way. So it gives us expansion opportunities within Carteret and ways to expand our client relationships there. And then with the go-to-market plans that we have with AWS with our market technology clients around the world, this private local zone construct and the ultra-low latency edge compute system that we co-designed with them we can then deploy that to other major markets around the world and help them with their cloud journeys. And that gives us a chance to be more of a, number one, to deploy our cloud-based marketplace solutions, which we also are implementing for MRX. And then number two, to become more of a managed service provider to our Market Tech clients, which then builds a bigger relationship with them that accrues to our benefit. So a lot of revenue opportunity there in the coming years. I just want to say, those are all long-term, kind of think about the data center, for instance, it's going to take a couple of years to build out the data center. It will take some time for us to deploy our cloud solutions to our Market Tech clients. But we see a really nice medium-to-long-term journey that we can have with AWS on that. In terms of our own markets and moving our markets, we are starting with MRX in 2022, we want to gain some experience with it. We want to hear from our clients as we manage the migration and complete it. And then we will set a more of a targeted time line for how we'll continue the migration of our markets in the U.S. But I want to say we want to start with the first one before we commit to a very specific schedule for the rest.
Adena Friedman: So about $20 million of the order intake is related to our market and trade surveillance business. Just to give you a sense of the size. In terms of – as we look into 2022, I think it's important to note a few things. Ann mentioned the fact that in the latter half of last year, we had a long-standing client who has – will continue to license our software, but it was always planned that they would come off our service and maintenance agreement, which is a recurring revenue part of the contract. So that happened in the second half of last year. I think in the third quarter, we announced that. That has to flow through the full year. So that will impact the first half of 2022. Then we also have two of our larger implementations going live with their first phase in the first half of 2022, which obviously gets us then into a different and a stronger revenue mode with them going into the latter half of 2022. And then we have this big set of new order intake that we took in during 2021. And that will take a while for that to flow into the revenue as we complete the implementations of that. So you should assume that you're going to see more momentum as we go through the year of 2022 and digest that order intake as well as turn some of our clients into production clients and get through that full year impact from that one contract. So I think you'll assume – you just see more momentum going through the latter half of the year.
Adena Friedman: Well, I mean, we continue to see massive opportunity for the Verafin organization in three areas. One is as you mentioned, moving up to the larger banks. And we are – we have signed some really great clients getting into some of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks. And we actually have several POCs running with some of the largest banks as they're looking at our fraud solutions and really trying to evaluate that. So those sales cycles are longer, but obviously, the contracts are bigger. So we definitely see a lot of momentum there. The second is, as we look at global expansion and going into Europe, we do have one client that's fully live and working with us. And we're building out a pipeline now to help support more clients in Europe and making sure our solutions are geared towards the European landscape. And so that's an area of focus for us, but that – if that door opens well and we execute well there, that's just a huge growth area for us over the long term. And then the third is actually in the digital asset space. We actually are coming out and we've been in a beta mode with a solution that's geared towards providing traditional banks who want to offer digital wallets to their clients as well as vast who need really stronger Anti Financial Crime solutions with specific solutions that are geared towards the digital asset ecosystem. And we plan to launch that more fully this quarter, which we also see as just a big growth runway for us in addition to fintech. So I would have to say, if anything, it's there's so many great avenues for growth, and these avenues are long-term in nature, in terms of the growth opportunity that we are very excited to continue the momentum of their Verafin business. The product is superb and I think it's proving itself out really well.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I think it's important to recognize it's hard to know what the world can be like in 2023. But in 2022 right now, we're frankly managing our talent really well. I think our attrition has stayed very consistent to our historical expectations. But at the same time, it is a tight labor market we want to compete for the best talent. We have amazing talent in Nasdaq that we want to retain and reward. So I think that as we look at 2022, in terms of the labor market right now, I think we feel good about that increase that we mentioned to be able to manage through that situation. It's hard for us to know what 2023 might come – might hold for that. I think in terms of the revenue side, we do make price increases, CPI adjustments to our prices, and we do that during certain periods of time during the year. We did some adjustments like that going into 2022. But we also tend to take – number one, we have a lot of long-term contracts that really don't lend themselves to year-over-year price increases. And secondly, we take a long-term view of our clients. We really want to make sure that we're managing to a long-term relationship that they're getting value for every dollar they're spending. And so, we do some CPI adjustments, but we generally try to manage our prices based on incremental value that we're providing to them.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, so I think the good news is that we've been working over the last five years with AWS to move a lot of our surrounding systems around the markets into the AWS cloud, which has actually accrued greatly to our benefit over the last five years because, for instance, just with these record volumes we're experiencing, the surrounding systems, which are like trade management solutions all of the things that happened right after the trade, we have hyper scalability of our solutions today that otherwise we would have had to buy hardware to support. So that's been a real benefit to us and allows for us to have both scalability for our clients, but also definitely a moderation in terms of our CapEx expenses. I think as we go forward, a few things, we also have spent the last five years building out our next-generation trade life cycle solution to be a cloud-ready, cloud-native solution. So, we are deploying that. We deployed that for our BX Options market in 2020. We're now deploying that for MRX in 2022. We're also deploying that for our derivatives markets in the Nordics right at the beginning of 2022, and in fact, in the next month or so. And we're deploying that out to our Market Tech clients in terms of our clearing solutions and our trading solutions. So, we have already been making the investments that we've needed to make to make sure that we are building out our solutions to support an AWS environment. Now it's really the partnership with Equinix and AWS, where they're going to be making their investments in our infrastructure to make it so that we can execute against what we've been discussing. So, we see this as very much part of our 3% to 6% expense growth really factors in the investments we have been making and will continue to make in this area. So that also – in terms of once we get to scale and we have fully deployed, everything is fully deployed, we do have the opportunity to look at lower CapEx expenses, more scalability in our expense base. But also, I think, that the bigger opportunity for us is in the revenue side because we have a bigger footprint in order to support our clients here in the U.S. and we have the ability to deploy this very differently to our clients around the world. So that to us is definitely the bigger opportunity in the long run.
Adena Friedman: I think that we actually look at this as these things always happen in slower motion than you think. So, we have six options markets in the U.S. and three equities markets in the U.S. And so, we're starting with one. As I said, we'll gain some experience before we set a time line for the rest. And as we deal with our market tech clients, those implementations especially when you're changing out infrastructure, you're looking at probably a two-year to three-year type of implementation once we've actually come to an agreement. So, this is more like, I would say, five to seven years, but I think that's the better time line to consider.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, I mean I think that one of the things we hear from our investment management clients is their biggest challenge is managing their data. They are dealing with all of this data, both the traditional financial data that they've always had, but then alternative data and other new data points that they think that might be relevant to making investment decisions or managing their portfolio risk.  So, what Data Fabric does is we – Datalink in general is there as a container for alternative data as well as financial data, our traditional market data, other exchanges data, et cetera, to kind of make it so it's really, really easy to implement, and it's a cloud-based solution that is really ultra-light in terms of for clients to be able to access the data. Then with Data Fabric, what does is almost create a data management layer for our clients so they can put their own data, their own research into the same platform and make it so that it's all there in one container available to investment professionals, to the traders, to the research analysts and it creates a little bit of order out of the chaos that they're dealing with right now in terms of managing the data. So, that's the vision or that's what we've built. In terms of implementation and the five-year plan, I mean, I think that, obviously, the cloud is there to support more and more real-time workflows. The cloud is there to be able to offer you much better ability to create analytics off that data, to do machine learning algorithms on the back of the data and that's where, I think, over the next five years, we need to continue to enable our clients to leverage the benefits of the cloud as well as kind of the order and the capabilities that we can supplement the data with. So that's our view, Mike, but that's a longer-term view as to how we help our clients manage through this.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thank you very much. Well, thank you so much for your time today. In closing, Nasdaq's fourth quarter and full year 2021 performance was solid, and we are starting off 2022 with really strong momentum. Our leadership team remains very focused on executing our strategy to deliver for all of our stakeholders. And we look forward to continuing our discussions throughout the year on the progress that we make as we continue to advance our strategic priorities and ambitions. So, thank you very much, and have a great day.
