Robert Greifeld: Okay. The first I'll say with respect to the transaction tax, we're certainly in a position to communicate what was experienced in Sweden. They tried that x number of years ago, and it obviously had bad effects on the market. So I think we've got strong support within the Swedish community, and thinking this is not a good concept. And the way that EU works, it doesn't take too many member states to able to create some real issues there. So we think it's bad policy. There's hard proof supporting that claim, and we intend to communicate that. So we think that would be a long, hard road in that context. Your second part was I think about high frequency trading. The first thing I would say is you have to have a basic understanding what our role is as an exchange. We are here to discover price. We do that by welcoming all commerce into the market. We have fair access standards. We have to admit all players, quite different than the dark polar internalization strategy, which is a different role. So it's not our job to qualify what is good liquidity, what is bad liquidity. Our job is to bring all liquidity together, and that's where the magic of price discovery happens. So I think that's a widely held belief across all regulatory bodies not just in Europe and the U.S. but all the parts of the world. That's our role, and it's just hard to see a construct where you're going to try to penalize one kind of behavior over another.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I believe that represents some fundamental opportunity for us. Clearly when you look at the European landscape, we have a clearinghouse; we're building our capability there; and we're establishing a member default fund, which would be consistent with European conventions, and we think that's a -- great opportunity for us to lever that in the future. And we think interoperability would be a great accelerant to our progress there.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I'll respond by saying with the Glide acquisition, we have dramatically expanded the market that we look to attack. So when you look at the space that Glide is in, there's existing competitors that have over $0.25 billion a year of revenue. So it's the biggest base that we stepped into within Corporate Solutions. And the space that $0.25 billion a year revenue is predicted to grow at a healthy growth rate. So we have a lot of headroom, and we're going to integrate the Glide into our globe newswire product. And as I said in my prepared comments, build the first integrated solutions for corporate communications and also sentiment analysis. So we've got a lot of headroom. Direct answer to your question, we can get back to you on it, but we are, I would say, at this point still in probably the third or fourth inning in terms of penetration.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. The first I would say is Jefferies is a side issue that has nothing to do with the prospects for IDCG as a business. And Rich, you've been listening to these calls for a long time, and as I've said consistently, we believe the opportunity for IDCG will come together when the regulatory impact is real. And the definition of real is that it doesn't actually have to be legally enforced, but there's a date certain and the industry knows it's happening. So we, obviously, have not hit that point, but we're getting closer to that. So we remain committed to IDCG. We are in discussions with, I think, increasingly a serious dealer community that knows the date, while it's not in 2011, will probably be in 2012. And it's important to recognize that IDCG has the proper licenses, has the best technology, has the best risk management capability for this marketplace. And I think it's recognized by an increasing number of people.
Robert Greifeld: Rich, I think your points are valid, and I think Lee established at $50 million to $75 million is an expectation. It's a target. But I think sometimes we can do less, sometimes we can do more, depending upon what the opportunities are and what our particularly cash flow situation is.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I would say this as a general comment as we get into some of the nontraditional exchange businesses, we have a different margin goal for those businesses. We've communicated that to, obviously, investors many times in the past. So it's not realistic for a software technology business to have the margin similar to our market data business, not going to happen there. So as that revenue pie changes, then than will represent some overall margin pressure. But obviously, our estimation is that doesn't make it a bad business. In terms of your question, I'll ask Lee to amplify it. There's always room for margin improvement. And when you look at our businesses we have, and we've talked many times about Market Tech and Corporate Solutions where they are lower margin businesses, but they are certainly in, I think, still relatively early stages of becoming more efficient in getting some benefits of scale. So we do expect those margins to improve in the years to come, but do not have expectations that will approach some of our other traditional businesses.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. That's a great question. One, within the core business, it's a little counterintuitive in terms of how the business works. We have stronger quarters a lot of times when there's a lot of ad hoc customer change request. And if we have a larger contract, which is better for the franchise, then that tends to suppress results in a given quarter. So we pay attention to what is the mix between what we call CSRs and basically trying to get a large license sale into a revenue recognition mode. So that, that is probably the single biggest impact to the numbers there. So in terms of the core business, we think it has reasonable growth prospects and clearly improved margin prospects. We also recognized that we have gone through a market redefinition like we have in all our businesses. So last quarter, we talked about going beyond the matched in our equity business. With Market Tech, when we did the SMARTS acquisition, in particular, we made a strategic move in terms of saying that we have expanded our market that we want to now provide technology to brokers and to regulators. And the SMARTS acquisition right now is running ahead of our board model and it's accelerating at a fairly rapid clip and that we see that we can take the SMARTS surveillance technology beyond just a pure equity approach and beyond just a listed approach to derivatives both over-the-counter and listed. So great opportunity there. So to answer your question precisely, within the core business of selling through exchanges, we think there's modest growth but also great opportunities for margin expansion, and we clearly are establishing beachheads in new markets led by SMARTS and FTEN.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think IDCG is basically unique in terms of its approach in the U.S. market in that, as I said before, I think in answer to Richard's questions, when you look at one -- we have the licenses, we have the superior technology inclusive of risk management capability and we have a team of people who really represent the best team in the space. And our solution certainly has the ability to address both the dealer marketplace and the customer-dealer marketplace quite affectively. And so we're there. We're properly positioned, and we're ready to go.
Robert Greifeld: Great questions. So one is, you can certainly look to the performance where revenue grew 33% year-on-year, and we're proud of that. And that's part of now a multiyear track record of growth. In the release, I didn't have it in my prepared comments, but we mentioned the fact that we signed QUODD Financial for Market Data. So this represents a strategic move of ours into providing consolidated data feeds, and obviously a great growth opportunity for us. And we're obviously happy to partner with QUODD as our initial customer as we develop this technology. So clearly, we see opportunities there. And I would say in terms of what's our strategic advantage, we have to win on every point solution that we bring to market, and we certainly have to deploy the best technology and services. But let's understand also that we are building upon the match. So I don't want to the team to get lazy by saying, "Okay, we have this great matching system where people need to connect to and I can just throw out random B level services." We have to win it point by point, but we do have a fundamental drawing card that we have, obviously this large presence in our data centers that people want to be connected to. And so it makes it a fairly compelling value proposition. So we have clearly more products we can add to it, but the products we have out there today are still in relative levels of immaturity with respect to penetration, and we do have great opportunity, and it ties back to the definition of a market, which I'll refer to in Market Tech. And we're saying, okay, what does it take for our customers to be in the equity business, and everything they require to be in the equity business is something that we should be providing to them. And that's a significantly broader mandate than what we had a year ago.
Robert Greifeld: Well, yes, definitely. What we have in the Nordics is a pricing plan, which has been successful in retaining a high-level market share, but definitely doesn't help us in a high-volume quarter like we had, and that is our best customers really can hit a maximum that they will pay us in a given quarter. So in the third quarter 2011, we witness an increase in that. And so I say that was a single biggest factor that I point out. So the Nordic business in down market should protects us very well, and the up markets, it provides some level of a ceiling.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one -- as Lee and I guess prepared to answer, one is I would say that the growth was not just FTEN, so all the segments of Access Services really had a strong quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Definitely. The Nordics colo businesses had a very strong third quarter, and they're at probably in early stage of maturation than the U.S. business in what I'll call the pure colo part of the business.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one we have tremendous respect for BATS and the team there, and we certainly are aware they want to enter the space. And we're obviously always looking to improve our product. We certainly recognize that our issue is appreciate the vast number of services we've developed for them over the last 5 years. And I think our competition, BATS and others, have a long way to go to kind of match up to that.
Robert Greifeld: Roger, I'd tie you back to what I said earlier, it really sometimes turns up what the mix of the business we have in given quarter, in given 6 months, and the CSRs are short-term immediate revenues of the teams involved everything revenue producing. If you're working on getting an implementation done, then you can go a quarter or 2 where all those people's work doesn't really count in the revenue numbers for that quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. So that's a good question, Roger. What we spoken about before is our Nordic Derivatives clearinghouse is in the process of transforming itself into a European clearinghouse. And the member default fund, we've highlighted the fact that we free up $100 million, which we're obviously very excited about doing. But more importantly, that will complete the transformation into a European clearinghouse. And what's important to note is as we've worked with our members since our separation from EDX, we've dramatically increased the people who are clearing members. So when you talk about the large global members today, the large global players today, they are essentially members, direct members of our clearinghouse and they were not before. So as we complete this transformation, then we'll be in a position to say, "Okay, what can we do?" And the prior question came up with respect to interoperability to the extent that becomes the law of land that would represent an accelerant for any of our plans. So we want to have a baseline clearing capability. We'd like to be in a position to leverage our one IP content in terms of products that we can develop in the times to come; lever our, obviously, core matching technology in that effort. So here you can see the different assets that we'd like to pull together in the time to come.
Robert Greifeld: Well, we certainly don't have complete insight in terms of the timing. But from our point of view, at the exchange level, we're prepared to support whatever regulatory initiative is there, and our systems are in place really to do that. So we don't think about it from a cost point of view. We certainly recognize that with our SMARTS product, we're in a position to be a supplier of whatever requirements developed from these kind of audit trail requirements.
Robert Greifeld: I almost got through the call. I would say this Niamh, that clearly with the cash that we generate, we have great optionality. I would say that we are focused on the buyback in completing that in the proper time frame, and you'd probably see us and the board contemplate the dividend strategy as we get to the back end of the share buybacks. So as kind of our operating philosophy applies to our capital management, less focusing getting the vast majority of it done and then we will have a serious board level discussion about what should be the dividend policy for NASDAQ OMX.
Robert Greifeld: Good question. The first thing I would say is we like to highlight that past performance is indicative of future performance, and we've lived through now a tough 4 years. And in that time frame where the S&P has grown 11%, we've doubled our earnings. So clearly we have the ability to perform in both good and bad times. And I think part of that, that ties back to my opening comments is we believe in technology-based businesses. And in difficult times, our technology-based businesses tend to represent a value proposition for our customers. So in the nontransaction business we're really looking at, we certainly see our customers now for the first time saying, "Okay, my explicit cost of trading has gone down but the infrastructure related to being in the business has skyrocketed." And we're in a position to help them reduce their infrastructure costs. And I think in certain respects, the hard times will help us in that regard. So we're about delivering value for our customers, and that proposition works well in both good and bad times.
Robert Greifeld: Again, a good question. I mean we, obviously, have a very comprehensive strategic viewpoint of the different opportunities for us. So we do have different thoughts in any of the topics you might mention. But I would counterbalance that by saying that it's been our operating philosophy to make sure that we get done what we started and get that to conclusion before we go furthering off into other direction. So there's a core operating discipline here. So we've got to make sure we put all the wood behind the arrow of what we've chosen to do, and clearly, that's our focus right now. And to the extent we do well in that regard, there will always be subsequent opportunities for us. So we certainly sit here today with probably a greater set of opportunities for us to consider, but they can never ever get in the way of just making sure we operate successfully the businesses we're in today.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I would say this, one is we're in the early days with the NOM migration, and we're in intensive conversations with our customers. I don't think we've established a market share goal for the growth in that, but clearly, it's going to be an accelerant to the progress we've witnessed over the last year or 2. I think in the last quarter, you had a decline in the number of dividend trades, which helped to capture rate, but I don't see any particular change in capture rate beyond the level of the dividends trades changing quarter-on-quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Well, what I would say is that the high-frequency firms have diversified their businesses probably starting 5 years ago, and they are active traders in many different asset classes. So I don't see that as a driver of any change in behavior. Clearly, if they add value to the marketplace and they yield the profit themselves, they will be active in the market. With our tiered pricing, you clearly see that in high volume periods that our upside is not as high as you might think; and then on low volume periods, our downside is not as severe as you might think also. That's just a function of our pricing curve. They are not that applied not just to high frequency guys but any of the large customers.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I would say 2 things. One, as I said, the dividend trades are less, so that's one aspect of it. And two, is we certainly recognize our competitor based upon a new rule set has an additional capability that's been effective that we need to respond to and we're obviously in the process of doing that.
Robert Greifeld: I think you'll see stabilization and -- until we respond. We're not going to recapture it. But I think we have felt the impact of the move and we need to respond.
Robert Greifeld: Well, it's kind of a win-win. To the extent that our customers have FTEN, and it has such a low latency pretrade risks and it has no impact on their trading strategies, then the answer is no, it won't impact us negatively on the transaction side but will impact us positively on, obviously, the Access Services side. And that's, obviously, one of the reasons we acquired FTEN, the access rules, naked access rules, whatever you want to call them, will not be just the U.S. phenomenon, it will spread globally, and we've got the leading product to supply. And I'd also, just divert to say that the equity business has been in the forefront of saying, yes, we've got to provide limits on access, but that operating mantra applies across really any listed marketplace, right. So as we saw from the prior question that the high-frequency firms are in a wide variety of asset classes, you can definitely see that the equities are the first people to put in these access type systems, and we certainly see greater growth opportunities providing this to any sort of listed environment.
Robert Greifeld: I don't think so. I'll look at Ed Knight, my attorney, and see what I can say. But it wasn't -- when you look at Glide, it's, has by far and away, the best technology in the space. It was competing against larger players. And clearly, integrating that with Globe Newswire will give us that integrated suite of products. And as I said previously, this is the largest market segment that Corporate Solutions is buying into. It represents, for us, an opportunity to scale the distribution capability. It will typically lever our existing distribution in our corporate group. But in this, we're going to have to augment it because the opportunity is that large.
Robert Greifeld: That's a great question. One is, as I've said previously, I just don't see that gaining any support in the Nordics. So I'm not so sure it will have any support in the U.K., and how that plays out on a European basis or a euro basis, I don't know. Clearly, if it's adopted in the Eurozone and not in other parts of Europe, that would be a great opportunity for us. I don't see the world playing out that way. And I think the weight of the, both the academic research and the real-life experiences will probably bring some level of sanity to that discussion in time.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I wouldn't say that business experience is a pricing pressure. We run it at a high margin. We're happy with the rate we get. And it's our job to then innovate within the space and come out with additional products. So I don't see price increases, but nor do I see any price decreases.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. Well, one, I appreciate everybody's time this morning. And as we've said hopefully, many, many times so you'll remember it, in the last 4 years, we've doubled our earnings. The S&P is up by 11%. Our performance, both in good times and bad times, has been very strong. We're obviously proud of the team here at NASDAQ OMX and proud of the results. And we appreciate your support now and in the future. So I thank you for your time again, and look forward to talking to you as we get into the new year.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Rich, what I would say is in situations -- and I would characterize the fourth quarter to this extent that we do have some excess cash flow that is built up. And so in certain periods, you could see us above that. I think the release of capital from the clearinghouse in Europe, we continue to expect in the first quarter of 2012. And so in situations like that, where there is excess capital that's available to us and we don't have a sufficient return by investing that in the business or acquisitions, then our intention is to return that to shareholders. So I think what we want to do is set some level of expectations in normal circumstances from the capital that we're generating each quarter. But that as we come into excess capital, it could clearly be above that, and that's subject to market conditions on the price and then just overall demands for cash within the business.
Lee Shavel: At this point, we're quite comfortable with where our debt levels are. I don't anticipate, at this point, any significant reduction in debt levels from where we are pro forma for the tender, which we -- which I went through on the -- which we went through in my remarks and which you'll see on Page 13 of our investor presentation.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And clearly the operating leverage that exists within our Transaction Services business is that it's the primary driver of our operating margin improvement potential. But also embedded within the business, I think, are a number of businesses that we've identified that are new initiatives, some of which are acquisitions that were clearly entered into with the expectation that we would be able to substantially improve the margins in those businesses as we develop them, as we leverage our technology and as we see growth within the businesses. And so we will certainly expect margin gains within those businesses that will accrue to our overall earnings growth. But as Bob indicated, some of those businesses aren't necessarily at the same margin level as our existing Transaction Services or listing businesses or data products businesses, but they still represent very good earnings growth opportunities for the business as a whole.
Lee Shavel: That's actually the case, Chris. I think that certainly for the marginal element of incremental capital, we see the opportunity, particularly in those organic opportunities for strong returns on capital.
Lee Shavel: Sure. It's a great question, and something particularly at this time of year we're spending a lot of time thinking about just given the uncertainty in the markets. And now I can assure you that we spend a lot of time evaluating our cost structure relative to a variety of market circumstances. And so what I would say is that as -- and I think you know, we have operated on a very efficient basis, we've generated a good margins and so success there always makes it even more difficult to find incremental areas to cut expenses. But we do believe that if we continue to see a soft market environment, that we'll be able to manage expenses in a fashion such that we're able to maintain profitability. We are beyond that, taking a very careful look at where there are incremental expenses that we think are necessary for maintaining, extending our platform, growing new initiatives that where we think there are good revenue and earnings opportunities, that we're substantiating the expenses necessary to achieve those to a very real expectation that we'll be able to generate productive revenue and earnings growth out of those. So I think, looking ahead to 2012, our first priority is to make certain that even in a continued or a difficult marketing environment that our cost structure is appropriately sized to our revenue base. But secondarily, that we also don't overlook the opportunity to make the necessary investments that will generate revenue and earnings growth for investors beyond that.
Lee Shavel: That's right. And so to give you some color on that, of the -- the $15 million increase in Access Services from $45 million to $60 million, FTEN accounted for about $7 million of that, and the balance was really in growth in membership revenues and fixed ports, so related to the core business.
Lee Shavel: And Roger, if I could just come back, I just want to direct your attention specifically to the Market Technology pipeline on Page 9. You can see that of the $473 million in total order value in the pipeline at the end of the third quarter, $42 million is expected for the remainder of 2011, so that gives you some level of confidence around what's there as a base for us to move in to.
Lee Shavel: Sure. And thanks, Niamh. I would say when we look at -- and we're evaluating, it's difficult, kind of looking historically to even determine what the capital basis. But so I'm looking at it on kind of a cost of -- or return on invested capital for the marginal capital dollar that we're generating in each quarter. And I think that, as we look at our weighted average cost of capital, I think that, that's in the kind of 8% to 9% range. And I think that when we look at cost of equity, I don't think you're far off, and I think we would say we're, probably, in a 10% to 11% cost of equity, which we serve as a -- which serves as a benchmark for us. Now when we look at an acquisition, our expectation is that our returns on that should be well above those hurdles, relative to the business as a whole, which is obviously a much larger or more diverse business. But I would use those metrics for a proxy for how we think about those capital allocations both from an internal standpoint as well as an external standpoint.
Lee Shavel: No, it's not that high. I would say this: one, is obviously we're disappointed that regulatory process has been delayed, but I do believe it gets more certain; two is the, I think, the net cost to IDCG for us is probably about $0.01 a quarter.
Lee Shavel: And I would just add, consistent with our policy in the past, we expect this acquisition, as we do all others, to be accretive within 12 months.
Lee Shavel: No. Rob, we don't believe so. We think that the leverage ratio that we're operating at is appropriate and instituting a dividend as part of our overall capital management plan would not require -- wouldn't expect any change in our overall leverage ratio.
