Robert Greifeld: Let me start with your first question. Your second question is tougher so I may let Lee answer that. I don't know. But one is I would say is we've mentioned the financing cost was less than what we had on our board model, so that helped. Two is I want to make it clear that we owned it for one month and was mildly accretive. So it wasn't a major change there, but, still, I don't think we've ever done a deal where it's accretive right out-of-the-box. So I would say it was not an expense story. In the one month, we really didn't have much expense take out. I think the revenue numbers were stronger than we had in the board model. So if you identify 2 things, it's the cost of financing and the revenue. And eSpeed, there's the world of opportunity. As I said, we've got a lot of good things going on. I'll answer the last part of the question. I think it's too early for us to say. I think right now, it's steady as we go, and we're just very happy that the acquisitions are coming strong out of that chute.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I would say the fact that we're getting good financial returns is not speaking to the operational work that we've yet to accomplish. So from that point of view, I think we're ahead of what I might have thought, but it's only -- it's very early days. So we've got our heads down. We've got a lot of work to do in both transactions to make sure they're truly going to deliver the value. So I don't think there's been any change in our statement there. We're going to make sure that we do the right things with these assets, they're integrated into NASDAQ OMX, they're delivering, I think, a better value proposition for our customers and also for investors. So the fact that the revenue was good, the financing cost was low is great tailwinds, but operationally, we still have a lot of work to do.
Robert Greifeld: I'd have to say this, that the Market Technology business, that business, it services the exchange, exchanges in the broker-dealers is probably the shining star of our businesses so far this year. And again, that doesn't get reflected in the financial statements here and now like a transaction business was. It's a long lead time once you get the commitment. We have a couple of commitments that we're not publicizing yet today. We're still in contract negotiations. And then you got a while before you install the software. But the competitiveness of our offerings is at an all-time high. It's being reflected in our major wins. We did announce Borsa Istanbul, which is truly a very significant transaction for us, but it's just in a very strong position right now. And that goes for, obviously, the SMARTS component of Market Technology, which is just experiencing rapid growth, and the core offerings we have has been just very well received by the marketplace. So we're very pleased with that.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say this that from a people and a product point of view, we've approached this as a pure meritocracy. And there's no black-and-white answer to Thomson people, NASDAQ or old NASDAQ people or technology. So it's really sorting out in a proper way, where the best of breed is waiting from a people and technology point of view. So there's no clear line I can give you with that. I would say that in our board model, we factored in a certain loss rate, and I think we're doing better than that. I think a lot of that is a credit to the old Thomson Reuters team, which is a very talented management team, and they've kept that organization in very good shape. So we feel good about the retention. Obviously, this is about having superior product come to market and being on the offense, and we're going to definitely be investing in next-generation products for both organizations. That started already, and we're doing that from a solid base. And I would say that what the -- we have the advantage of, we have a solid base of customers and we have core technology we can evolve from to deliver kind of groundbreaking products. So that's what we're doing in the quarters to come.
Robert Greifeld: I cannot. We haven't thought about it that way. Obviously, we closed at the end of the quarter. I think the June volumes, as you know, were strong. We paid attention, but not that much since we didn't own it. We're in a slower period in the summer. But as I said in my comments, I think more people now understand what we said during the earnings call that fed bond buying, at some point, will reduce and that should have a positive impact. I mean, the fact we had a couple of great days in June illustrate the point.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. With respect to changes in market structure, I think I'm going to adopt the same statement I make with respect to fed bond buying. At a point, it will change. And for us to predict when is a little bit futile. But as I said, I think, on the prior call, we have increased confidence that the change is closer rather than further away. I would say the dialogue in the community, given the buy, the sell side and the exchanges is intensifying, and some of the dialogue is obviously happening independent of direct involvement with the commission, which I think has some good aspects to it, so I think there's broad recognition from all aspects of the community that we do need to see refinements and improvements to market structure. So more optimistic than I was a year ago that something will happen, but I think it would be a mistake for me to be guessing when it will happen. But I do believe when it does happen, it would be positive for lit markets. And so we remain optimistic on that. And I also have to say, in Europe, which we don't get as much questions on but still in active discussion, we're even more optimistic that the market structure changes will, in fact, be favorable to exchanges. On the equity market share, we're looking at the numbers now. Because I don't know if you agree, but I thought you highlight the capture rate, and certainly I had improved quite well. So, Lee, we have the numbers here.
Robert Greifeld: Right. So we thought the second quarter was a marked improvement as compared to what was a low point in the first quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. We're looking quarter-to-quarter. It's more positive for us. But I mean, we are taking positive steps on the equity market, and we have a engaged management team. And I think what they have done in the quarter has been quite positive and more good things to come.
Robert Greifeld: Well, your first statement was incredibly accurate. I mean, we are getting traction with NLX, and I would say that it's on pace where we thought it would be at this point in time, but it's certainly an investment for us at this point in time. What we look for is customer engagement and customer engagement which should then have a ripple effect with respect to volume through the industry. And I had the opportunity to spend some time in London a couple of weeks ago, and the level of customer engagement is incredibly high. We have the large banks that are very anxious to be involved with the product, with the service, takes them a while to move. And certainly, we've got to live through the dog days of summer, but the will is there. And we expect certainly, as we get into the autumn, to have a dramatic increase in level of participation. So to answer your question, right now, I look for customer engagement. I look for enthusiasm, a motion associated with it. And as I said during my prepared remarks, as you talk to customers, there's not a single customer that says, "I like the vertical monopoly structure." And we represent for them and it could be their last good opportunity to break away from the grasp of that vertical monopoly. I mean, we're partnering with LCH on this. It represents a horizontal clearing opportunity and allows the customers to have some control of their destiny, in addition to providing great cross-margining opportunities in the future. So this is a core value proposition that can't be replicated somewhere else. The customers recognize it. They recognize it as strategic. So as much as we're always in it for the financial returns, and these will be spectacular when we get there, the first things you have to look for are nonfinancial metrics. So it's a level of customer enthusiasm at the very head end. And then you look for their engagement with respect to them hooking up to your system, doing some level of trading and then having incremental trading done as more participants join the marketplace. So, so far, I think our progress has been strong, and we certainly monitor it every day.
Robert Greifeld: Great. All right, good questions, Brian. So let me start with the first. I think the $1.5 billion, one, recognize that it includes some clearing revenue in there. So some of our competitors have a bunded -- bundled rate where we couldn't separate trading and clearing. One does it that way, the other does separate it. And where we could separate it, we only put the trading number into that. That being said, I think $1.5 billion is probably a little bit overstated. But our goal is to get to 10%, and $1.5 billion is not that dramatically overstated. Let's just call it a $1 billion-plus opportunity. You can do the math on what 10% of that is better than I can. And I certainly believe that number of 10% would have to be achieved sometime in the 2014 timeframe, and it could be the latter part. But this effort, as we get into beginning of '14, if we believe how the progress should go, should accelerate, so we'd look for that. With respect to the revenue opportunities, with the Thomson Reuters coming together with old NASDAQ Corporate Solutions, it's important to recognize, in the software and services business, you are somewhat just limited by your imagination with respect to the product and services you can bring to your customers. The market that we're -- we can possibly address, from a market sizing point of view, is quite large. We have to make sure that we're pinpointing our efforts and certainly directing our development dollars in the right perspective. So this will be a long-term story, but it should have notable progress every step of the way as we introduce product and services. And first and foremost, as I said as we announced the deal, we have this massive customer base, 10,000 customers, where the vast majority of them have 1 or 2 relationships with us. And we will be having to market, call it, 8 different products, so we just have tremendous cross-selling opportunity in that channel. So that will be the near term -- near-to medium-term focus. And as that's working its way through, we'll be spending dollars in exciting new products, which has started already, and we'll start leveraging the channel with these new products in the medium and the longer term. So just a lot of good things we can do with that. On eSpeed, from the revenue point of view, we certainly want to gain some share. We think as we make system level improvements to the eSpeed platform, we have the opportunity to do that as we make the interfaces into eSpeed something more hospitable to our traditional customers, meaning things such as ITCH and OUCH and eSpeed put FIX in just before the deal was closed, which is a very positive thing. So we'll be doing that in the short to medium term. But in addition, there is some low-hanging fruit with respect to different product and services we can get to, primarily in the treasury market so -- market itself, and the plans are very active to do that. Obviously, none of that's gone live. We just closed the deal at the end of last month. But that's what you'll see us doing in the next couple of quarters, new products related to the treasury marketplace.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. One is I don't know the exact percent of high-frequency volume in the last number of days. But I would say that as a percent of the market has declined over the last 4 quarters, and we don't see anything to change that trend line unless we see, I think, changes in the VIX, so I think that volume will mirror the VIX in some fundamental way. So that's what we have. I forget the second part of your question.
Robert Greifeld: I think you saw the revenue capture for the second quarter was significantly higher than the first quarter. A lot of that was based upon actions that we had taken, but part of it would be also supporting your thesis that with the reduction in high frequency, our capture rate does, in fact, go higher. So you saw really a 10% jump in capture quarter-on-quarter. So that was...
Robert Greifeld: Yes. The first thing I do want to say for the record is that as much as we're proud of the fact we've diversified our business and we have these businesses that have recurring models, in no way shape or form is that to be taken as a negative statement with respect to our interest and love for the transaction business, all right. We expect to have a balanced portfolio businesses going forward, and eSpeed and Thomson acquisitions, I think, reflect that spirit and that philosophy. To get to your direct question, I'm going to have a hard time giving you a direct answer to that today. But I do understand the validity of the question, and it's something that we're thinking about how we can better externally represent that. When you look at the businesses, the exciting thing is that the defined and proper market that we're going after is very large, right. The index marketplace is a very, very large market. There are established competitors and it's a growing marketplace, and we represent a change agent to that business. So we've seen steady progress with that business over the years and we're happy with that, but obviously, aspire to much more. When you look at the Thomson business, the direct question you asked, you have to understand when we say we're in the Corporate Solutions, we handle IR, PR, multimedia, these are very, very large businesses, and we just have to be properly managed, careful and thoughtful in terms of where we can and should grow. But the point for this call is that the ability to grow is very large, and it comes down to our strategic planning and our execution of how we're going to do that. But it's not like we have a $5 million or $10 million market to go after. These are markets with big zeros after them, that we think we have a position of strength to lever in the time to come. So we're excited about that. Understand the essence of your question, possibly, we can answer it better in the time to come.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think the options market -- I don't know. There is one irrational competitor in the space today that has probably 1% market share. And we have to focus on the value we're delivering to our customers. Our options team, I think, is quite clever in targeting which customers that then have ripple effects on the volume and in the marketplace. So we're very comfortable with the way we're playing our hand today. It's actually -- it's less publicity than the equity marketplace, but it's probably a deeper game of chess. And we have actions that we'll be taking in the months to come that we're very comfortable with that will protect our capture and gain back some of the share that we have. But we have the proper balance today. It's been an incredibly strong business for us. And let's not forget that we were not in this business at all not too many years ago. So we're very happy with where we are, and we're happy with the plans we have for the balance of 2013.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I think the latter is more accurate. So Tom Wittman, who is running our options business, working for Eric Noll, now has direct responsibility for the Equity business also.
Robert Greifeld: That's a question -- I'm trying to think who that new competitor might be. But they're in the call here trying to tell me who it is. I think I know who it is. But -- so -- and as I said the last time -- I'm sure Jeff is now listening to the calls for the first time. So he obviously will be a new fresh voice in the space. And to the extent that the new voice can help move the market structure discussion along, we're fully supportive of that. I would say this, as I said in my -- I think in response to one of the questions, the level of dialogue between the market participants is very high at this point in time, and I think that there a lot of new thoughts being discussed, which I think are positive. And I would say that NASDAQ OMX, from its position, is likely to be a beneficiary of changes that happen, but we're not going to be beneficiary because we're NASDAQ OMX, but because we do run a very deep and liquid market that's transparent and where price discovery actually happens, right. So when you look at the equity marketplace today, it's certainly our data feeds, the price discovery that's happening in all market, that drives a lot of the volume in the fragmented world today. So we're comfortable with the fact that we are where price discovery happens or data feeds are the gold source for the entire industry, and that will serve us well with respect to any changes that will happen in market structure.
Robert Greifeld: I think -- I will have a closing remark or -- ed, you -- I close it then. All right. So, Ed, you don't get to speak. I will wrap up by saying the evolution of this business continues. And any given quarter, it's interesting. But you step back and look at it from 4 quarters ago or 8 quarter or 12 quarters ago, it's remarkable. This next stage, as I said in my opening comments, is in some ways the most exciting. We have large markets that we can compete in and we can compete in very aggressively. We have also the proper investments that we're putting into our future. We're excited about that. The management team is engaged, it's strong, it's experienced, and we have a world of opportunity in front of us. And we're certainly pleased with this quarter and expect greater things to happen in the quarters to come. All right. Thank you for your time today. And certainly, look forward to following up with whoever wants to talk to us after the call, but we appreciate your support. So thank you.
Lee Shavel: And I would just add, Rich, the kind of the range of 3 to 4 quarters after the acquisition factored in, on the aggressive side, the possibility that we would be able to potentially enjoy better performance. And -- but the bigger driver is the overall performance of the business. And we look at our operating cash flows, it's not solely going to be driven by eSpeed or Thomson Reuters but the performance of the business as a whole. And I would just offer one comment in terms of the third quarter, as you know, seasonally, that tends to be a slower quarter. And so we're expecting that our ability to deleverage really to kick in beginning in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2014 in earnest, given that dynamic.
Lee Shavel: I think that probably what you're seeing, Rich, is that there were some marketing commitments associated with the Listing business that increased the expenses. It wasn't really tied into the core operating aspect of the business, but those marketing commitments that we made that increased those expenses.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And I would just say, Chris, that the kind of the run rate of about up $100 million for kind of the 2012 level is something we continue to expect going forward.
Lee Shavel: Well, first, we never want to speak for the rating agencies. But when we went to the rating agencies and described our capital management plan, it was clear that our immediate priority was in bringing that leverage down quickly back into the mid-2s range, where we've operated in the past consistently. And in the past, we've obviously repurchased shares at that leverage level, and the -- we maintained our investment grade ratings level at that leverage level while returning capital to shareholders. So I think absent any change, our expectation is that we would have the flexibility to make capital allocation decisions once we're back in the mid-2s range.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So, Alex, I think that what we see in the second quarter, we saw a -- an increase in our market share from 18.4% in the first quarter to 19.1%. And then as Bob mentioned, we saw a very material increase in our capture rate from $0.33 per 1,000 to $0.36 per 1,000. So we certainly feel as though the trend has been to the positive from the first quarter.
Lee Shavel: All right. So, Michael, on the revenue side, we aren't going to give specific guidance. But you -- I refer back to the run rates that we disclosed at the time of the acquisitions. For Thomson Reuters, at the time of acquisition, we were looking at an LTM revenue rate of about $230 million. For eSpeed, it was approximately $100 million. As I've indicated previously in the call, we would anticipate that we continue to maintain that level in the near term. I think that's kind of the -- our current sense that our expectations are consistent with what we had at the time that we announced the transaction. Obviously, over the longer term, our expectation ambition is to improve upon that, but I think that's a good starting point. And moving to the second question, on the GIFT side, that $50 million to $60 million is the total amount of our existing GIFT portfolio. So it includes both past GIFT initiatives that were initiated in prior years, as well as initiatives that were started in 2012 and 2013. Now we do have a process where once a GIFT initiative has achieved its profitability objectives and its return objectives, then those initiatives graduate from the program and are moved back into the core business. And so we had a number of those. We had 4 of those last year that moved out of GIFT and back in. And effectively, that funding was then replaced by other new projects. But the $50 million to $60 million reflects all of our current active GIFT projects, if that answers your question.
