Bob Greifeld: Sure. Rich, the reason that you are seeing a decline from the from the third quarter really is principally due audit revenues, so as you know we are engaged in the process of evaluating the utilization by our clients of the market data services we will undertake audits of those clients and occasionally recognize that the clients are under reporting or under calculating the amount of revenue. In the third quarter, we had a particularly strong level of audit revenue. As a consequence, the fourth a particularly strong on level of a quiet revenue and as a consequence, the fourth quarter comparison was lower because we simply had lower right lower audit revenues on than in the third quarter. I wouldn't say that it represented that any fundamental change in the business and it was not infected by its eSpeed, so third quarter was high, fourth quarter low, first quarter be more in line.
Bob Greifeld: I would say quite the opposite, so one of the things I am happy about the progress we made with the relationship with our customers and I think we had to do some level of repair work there, but what's interesting to me is, we are to come to new contractual relationships with them in a lot of shorter period of time than one had thought. I think, with a core bank customer base, we are in a better position now than we were six months ago. We also have made progress with introducing new customers into the marketplace and probably just as important is where the final stages of having trading technologies being certified on a platform and that's been really holding back some of the progress. I think, one, the market share is work-in-progress. It's essentially what it was when we did the acquisition. We clearly want to improve it and we have made major technology changes and that information is filtering into communities, filtering into the technology folks who support these platforms and we are building the data to show in times of stress our platform is certainly remarkably strong and dramatically better than what it was six months ago, so work-in-progress. We are happy that were taking all the right actions and we expect that in the not too distant future that will show up in our results.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. I would look at the three revenue drivers for this marketplace. One is, a subset of our corporate solutions products is certainly applicable to this marketplace. Just because you are private, doesn't mean you don't want to send press releases out in the order you want. You still need some marketing surveillance. Clearly, your directors want to have automated board tools, numbers of different products we will be selling to them, so we are finalizing that offering now. The second is, and in many ways is important in the beginning is, to have control of your shareholder register, so we want to provide product and services to allow them to do that, you know, who owns the shares and who can sell under what conditions. The third is, you have to provide liquidity programs to these issuers. It's not going to look like NASDAQ public market. It will be some type of auction that will be based on the issuers' desire to have it once-a-year, once-a-quarter, once-a-month. We certainly believe that over time our liquidity is seductive to people and they have more rather than less of these liquidity auctions, but I think it could be quite small in the beginning, so three drivers there. What's important to recognize is, when we look at embed that capital markets to public market which is fundamentally different than the private market is, we probably have more revenue opportunity NPM than we do in public market context and the public market companies do not trade that often. So in a real sense, liquidity programs could be that much more attractive to us and to them. We are obviously trying to get a sense of the scope of the market, but there hundreds of companies that are a natural first target for us. I would say that we are going to make sure that we keep the quality of the companies very high to come to market here and we are definitely going to look to do a controlled launch in March and I think quite respective in number of companies that use a platform in the beginning, but the demand is certainly there and the excitement is building.
Bob Greifeld: Well, I mean, what we have said before is, we have, I think, a very capable corporate development department and we literally look at probably a hundred different opportunities in any given year. We obviously don't participate in the vast majority of them and I would say that it's just the normal course of business, but there is certainly no higher or lower activity than we normally see in that as -in terms of thinking about things. As I said before, it's our job to know every asset in every corner of the world across all different asset classes. To the extent you have really a template of where the world is and where the world might go then you have a pretty clear view of how that will play and help or hurt strategically where you want to go.
Bob Greifeld: Good question. I think it ties back what I just said. Right now, we do have a queue of people wanting to hook up and I think hopefully there is more coming and that's a process. To the extent we are through that queue, and we know that we have a really steady-state number of participants that would be the time that we would start thinking about it.
Bob Greifeld: A good question. One is, we have said publicly before that we love our positioning in the index business. We undertook through a GIFT initiative development of our index platform to basically be on par from a breadth with any of the platform out there and we think from a technology point of view, we are representing a step function. If you equate the Index business to the Transaction business, you see that now that we have the planned incremental business, incremental revenue tends to drop to the bottom line, so the plant is built no different than when we looked at the Transactions business back 10 years ago, so we want to put good volume to it. We have made one small very successful acquisitions in the Index business called Mergent, and that was a dividend achievers. We have done incredibly well with that. To the extent that other Mergent-type opportunities become available, we clearly would be interested in that, but I would also say that our primary focus is about organic development. We've increased the sales outreach, we are making, I think, very strong incremental progress in that effort and we have more prospects lined up than we ever had before, so we are going to look at both weapons. We have the plant, we have the capability, we have the scalable platform and we are going to look at both, organic and inorganic growth in this space.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. I would say this. One is, we like to break things down into manageable pieces, so cross-sell is a big overarching theme that we will execute upon obviously in the quarters and the years to come. In 2013, now going to 2014, we more narrowly defined it, so when you look at a product that old NASDAQ had that old Thompson did not have, which has high growth and high margins that was Directors Desk, so clearly that was the number one thing that we want to do in cross-sell, so we want to give that to the sales force to do and in a very manageable way. Then when you look at what old Thompson had, and clearly NASDAQ, always wish they had that was first call and content products such as StreetEvents, so that was our focus, so that will be the mission for the next number of months and then we will expand upon that as we go along, so great opportunities with those two. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, Directors Desk had an outstanding year and quarter, and clearly a lot of that was related to cross-selling that we were able to do.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. All right, so a couple comments with the SIP. One is, we have made a recommendation to strip to many 10 things that needed to be done and we spoke to the committee about that verbally, obviously post 822 and then put it formally in front of them in November. We have not seen progress on those 10 items. We have progress on two items. It's basically wholly unacceptable to us. If this is under our control, and we lived through, what happened then 822 and 823, we would be working hard around the clock to remediate the system which had been obviously sitting there, somewhat neglected over the last decade. So, it obviously is a source of frustration to us and we have to communicate that. We sent determination and that it's not tolerable for us to work in this environment with a known system with no deficiencies and the committee is not stepping up to their responsibilities to authorize us to fix that, so it's the is a frustration right now and like you said, we have no intention to want to continue on this environment and we are going to communicate that pretty loudly and clearly.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. As I commented before, we are going to look to do that in and around the end of the first quarter, so that's in process.
Bob Greifeld: Meantime, I am having some fun running the U.S. transaction business, which had a strong fourth quarter in [Italy].
Bob Greifeld: I think it's an unbelievable opportunity for NASDAQ. As I said in my prepared comments, it definitely sounds to me, it feels to me like the days before Reg NMS was implemented and you had a number of deniers out there in terms of what that would mean to the marketplace, so I don't know the precise numbers. The way I look at this right now with respect to European clearing, we might have the 5% market share, so I have 5% market share to think about for that 95% market share to go compete for us, so I like that ratio, so it is a fundamental and basic opportunity for us. There will be heightened competition in the trading of these instruments and it's something we do well.
Bob Greifeld: Rob, I don't think we have an answer at our fingertips for that question, but we will follow up with you afterwards and take a look at that.
Bob Greifeld: Let me get you your other question, so one there does seem to be more and more exchanges available for us to sell to, so I kind of have shared your thought three years ago, but I would say the number of new name exchanges that we are talking to now is greater than it's been in the past. In addition to that in terms of driving our growth, we have gone in a very significant way in declaring systems, post-trade and so you see what is turbulence of our the new deals and it's not just the trading systems, they are looking to us for clearing systems, post-trade processing. In addition to that with our SMARTS acquisition, we have certainly made a major splash in risk management and SMARTS tie together with BWise truly will give us a leading position there. We have an increasing number of customers we are talking to and we are talking to customers at multiple levels right now, really pre-trade, risk management, trading and post-trade, so our opportunity set is quite large.
Bob Greifeld: I would say the auctions business is certainly multidimensional chess that we play and we play it basically on a month-by-month basis. Our team is incredibly well led and we tend to think in the right ways, and by that I mean really acting in concert with what our customers require, so I think it's a tough competitive environment and we continue to do well and we certainly are very excited about the new plans we are putting in place, but we also recognize that two to three months, after that we will be doing further refinements to those plans.
Bob Greifeld: Okay. So, one, we want to thank you for attending on this snowy day. Two, is I want to just repeat what we said earlier. We are certainly proud of the fact that we had record revenues, but probably more importantly than that, we had in certain ways record investments in our future and certainly some most GIFT initiatives showing some real signs of life, so it's a great thing to be able to, one, deliver record revenues, invest in our future and obviously delivery to our investors, so we are proud of the quarter, we are excited about what 2014 will represent and we certainly appreciate your support and look forward to talking to you in the future, so thank you.
Lee Shavel: Well, in terms of the interest the overall expense growth, as I mentioned, we had a 6% organic growth in operating expenses and that reflected a higher level of investment in the two acquisitions as we described initially, particular with Thomson Reuters there is an initial investment base, and as Bob mentioned, a number of the technology investments that we are making in eSpeed are contributing to that, but we view those as temporary influences on that. Once those investments are made, I think, we expect the margins to improve in those businesses. As it relates to GIFT spending, the guidance that we provided reflects our expectations for the portfolio of projects that we have principally in there it is our NLX initiative, but we have other portfolio investment opportunities that we see there and I think that the overall level that you see for the 2014 guidance is down slightly from where we were in 2013.
Lee Shavel: I would say that with both, regard to NLX, it continues to be the most significant element of the overall GIFT spending budget, and depending upon how NLX continues to progress, it could be an increasing amount or a decreasing amount, but it's really too early to say. As Bob indicated, we are extremely pleased with the progress that we have seen on the market share front and we have to allow that the continued time as we indicated through 2014 for us to come to our conclusion, but certainly our expectation is that we will continue to generate momentum at clients. As a consequence, be a less significant expenditure within the GIFT budget. I certainly NLX had a very exciting fourth quarter. As we said, we had 20% market share in certain days and certain hours of your LIBOR. That was not unnoticed by the community. More importantly as a result of that, we do see a strong series of inbound calls and a strong number of new participants and some very large participants in the marketplace now working very hard to hook up to NLX, and obviously that will be the determinant of our long-term success, so very successful fourth quarter and very strong progress so far in the first quarter 2014.
Lee Shavel: I can't predict what our expectations are for the quarter ahead. I think the things that I would point out is that we tend to see and I think you can look at this on a quarterly basis, we tend to see strong growth in the change and request revenue, or a sub-revenue line item in the fourth quarter and so if you are trying to get a sense as to what the seasonality impact, I think you can look at that number to get a feel for it. Then there are also some impacts in the corporate solutions business, but it's very difficult I think to identify specific products or give you a sense of the percentage. The other element that I think you should just be aware of is, as I noted there were approximately $3 million of revenues associated with BWise that was a acceleration of revenue recognition due to an accounting change that we made that influenced the fourth quarter numbers. Those revenues in subsequent quarters will also be increased, but we probably had an un-repeating, non-recurring element about $3 million in the fourth quarter, so I think those are the elements that would address your question.
Lee Shavel: I'll let Bob handle the outlook, but just to confirm. You mean to suggest that $3 million was the only impact in the quarter as I discussed the change in request revenue line separate from the other revenues has a seasonal impact in the fourth quarter as people are generally rushing to get the final changes in before yet year end, so that's influencing it, but you are right. I mean, what's primarily driving the quarter is just the very order intake that we saw from Market Technology.
