Adena Friedman: Sure. Thanks, Rich. So with regard to our AFC solutions, we generally are seeing a continuation of a normal sales cycle environment. As I said, we did sign 42 new clients to -- into our AFC business in the first quarter. And we do a lot of work across actually all of our solutions to look at what is our normal time to close, how do we engage with our clients, what does our pipeline look like? And as we've been looking across AFC Market Tech and as well as other parts of our Solutions segment, I think that we're finding a relatively normalized environment. Where we are seeing more elongated sales cycles are in our Workflow and Insights businesses, which really cover kind of our IR, Governance and Analytics businesses. But within AFC, we actually have a really healthy pipeline of opportunities in both Tier 2 and Tier 1 banks. We're really pleased to sign our first Tier 1 bank in April, and we signed another Tier 2 bank, as we mentioned in March, and I think that what we're finding is that we can really prove the value of our solutions very easily when we do proof-of-concepts with our clients. So in both cases, with the Tier 2 client, we did a proof-of-concept in our AML capabilities. And in the Tier 1 client, we did a proof-of-concept with our fraud capabilities. And in both cases, they saw a very significant value improvement in terms of reducing false positives and improving their ability to find real bad action -- bad actors, whether it's fraud or AML. And so I think that because we have this really strong return on investment thesis that we can prove out, it makes it easier for the banks to make the buying decision in, frankly, any economic environment. And so therefore, we continue to see really strong demand there. And the same within our Trade Surveillance business as well, we did have certain revenues in the first quarter of last year that helped amplify the revenue, so the growth year-over-year wasn't as strong. But the overall demand for our surveillance clients also continues to be quite healthy. And in fact, we've been actually focused on moving down market with our trade surveillance, because we're learning from Verafin that way. And we did sign our first Tier 3 bank to our -- first Tier 3 brokerage firm, I should say, to our surveillance solutions in the quarter. When it comes to Market Tech, we actually see very healthy demand across established exchanges. I think we're -- we definitely have seen a change in the demand characteristics for new markets. And we've been reporting on that since the beginning of COVID really where new markets have not been as much of a growth opportunity for us as we thought before COVID started. But honestly, the established exchanges, we're seeing really good demand, particularly in post-trade. Post-trade infrastructure has been a real focus for market modernization as well as risk management tools for both exchanges and brokers. And that's where we've actually seen a really, really healthy pipeline of opportunity. And we've been able to demonstrate strong growth in Market Tech in the first quarter. Again, we did have some revenues. I think our overall ARR grew 8%, but the business itself grew 11% in the quarter. So we continue to see really healthy demand there.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And I think we've also said that we are really focused in this business on optimizing for growth. And so we want to make sure that we're -- as we're taking in more revenue, we're reinvesting that revenue to continue to really amplify the growth of the business. So the margin is wonderful, but it's also something we're really -- we are focused on making sure that we're investing in our growth there.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thanks, Alex. So actually, it is interesting to see the opportunity here. So we went in having conversations specifically on fraud detection, and they did a POC with us on that. And once they saw the quality of the outcomes, then they started to say, 'Well, let's look at the rest of the platform.' And so they didn't just take the detection capabilities and plug it into their platform, they actually had a collection or they have a collection of smaller platforms. And they said, 'Let's actually replace everything we do with fraud to with the Verafin solution.' So that means that we have fraud detection across all of their payment types as well as our workflow solutions. So our investigations, tools, our case management tools as well as our regulatory reporting tool. So it ended up being a bigger opportunity. But even with that, it was only for the US portion of the bank. So we do have an opportunity over time to move internationally. And they don't actually -- they're not using any of the AML capabilities that we have. So we also have an ability to continue to expand as they think more broadly about their anti-fin crime needs to take on more of our capabilities as we continue to work with them. We obviously have to prove ourselves with them that we are really great as great as we've been able to show so far and that we have a smooth implementation and those will be the key proof points. But we're already having conversations about how they can think about a broader use case. And that's actually what's exciting about going into the larger banks. Both Tier 1s and Tier 2s is that their needs are very expensive. We're going in with modules that really show like clear ROI, but as we engage with them and they start to see the broader platform, they start to think about how we can -- they can use us more. And so there is a really good land-and-expand approach that we can take care. And you're right about breaking through the barrier. Getting to that first Tier 1 win has been a very important milestone for us because now that we can prove ourselves there, it will make it easier for other banks to say, 'Okay, I'm not taking a risk here, I'm actually taking a proven solution.' And as you said, they do talk to each other. So we do see it as a way to help accelerate other conversations. I would just say, though, that it's not something where we have -- we're going to have the lining up to have every single quarter, we're going to have a great – a big announcement. But I think that we are starting to have a really good pipeline that will give us more of a regular cadence as we go further. And lastly, in terms of size, we don't disclose that. But I would remind everyone that it is not included in the Q1 signed ARR because it was signed in April. So it will be included in Q2.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Great. Thanks Michael. The partnership with AWS is going extremely well. And we've been really pleased with our first market, which is MRx going to the cloud. So, what we did experience is a 10% improvement in latency as we moved MRx cloud. And so -- and we can look at that as a direct comparison because we have one of our options markets already on our next-gen trading platform, which we call Fusion. And then -- but it's on-prem. And then we have a second options market in Fusion, but on AWS. And we can see that there's a 10% improvement in latency on the AWS implementation. So really pleased with that. But both of those markets, as we move them onto Fusion and with one of them into AWS, we are actually seeing better market share because of the fact that we have a more deterministic trading experience across both of these platforms. And then -- so we have seen a growth in market share across those exchanges. And I think that, that is highly related to the fact that the technology is as good as it is. And so we are really, really encouraged. So now we're moving our second market -- our third market on to Fusion and then moving it into the cloud. And then we also have a plan over the next several years to continue that progress. It gave us -- it's giving us confidence that we're moving in the right direction, and our clients are highly engaged with us. So we feel very good about it. We're not kind of trying to ascribe specific revenue to it, but rather knowing that this market modernization opens up opportunities or, as we pointed out, like new order types, new capabilities as well as a more scalable infrastructure. And over time, we will not have to do server refreshes, right? So that will start to show some real cost savings to us over time as we continue to bring the markets into the cloud.
Adena Friedman: Thank you, Brian. Well, as you know, we don't give specifics in-year guidance, so -- but I can give you some color commentary. I think that when it comes to the Workflow and Insights business, I think that we definitely are seeing, as we've said before, kind of a mixed environment there in a longer sales cycles. We are very engaged with clients, but the fact is that they have to go through more gates to get approvals. And of course, particularly in our governance area where we do find really good sales opportunities with IPOs, we don't have as many IPOs. So that also is hindering some of the growth across governance. But I would also say, we are continuing to manage the pipeline. We're continuing to engage. And we're hopeful that as the markets start to improve a bit, hopefully, the IPO environment gets more healthy. That gives us more opportunity and the sales cycle start to improve there. So we have some hope, but we also have to recognize the fact that it is a different environment right now and we're calibrating to that. With regard to the Marketplace Tech, we are very happy with the growth that we are demonstrating in the first quarter. I would mention that there are two things that are happening in that business that are creating some opportunities. So I mentioned that's 8% overall ARR growth in Market Platforms, which really reflects Marketplace Tech, whereas, we had 11% growth in the business. And the 11%, that delta really comes from some testing revenue we got in our Trade Management Solutions business and a delivery fee that we got in our Market Tech business. So I would kind of calibrate a little bit on that as you think about the rest of the year. And then the last on AFC, we were – every single quarter is going to be a little bit of a different answer, but I think that we feel very good about our overall growth prospects. Clearly, as we do move up market, it gives us higher TAM, right? There's a bigger TAM that we're going after, as well as the fact that the contract values are higher. So it does give us a chance to continue to demonstrate really strong growth there going forward.
Adena Friedman: I'll actually start with the last question. I think, generally speaking, the way that we're thinking about the world. Well, first of all, as you know, we spend the vast majority of our time on organic growth. And I think because of that focus, we've been able to show continued stronger performance across the business. But as we do consider ways to expand our business, we have those three key themes that we're really focused on; market modernization and how can we bring more advanced technology to exchanges, banks and brokers to support their activity in the capital markets. I think the second is in ESG as we continue to grow and expand the capabilities we offer to corporates and investors in helping them manage the ESG landscape. And then the third is an anti-financial crime. And that's an area that we're always looking to expand at such a wonderful area of the business, and it's a high-growth area. But with regard to just overall environment around M&A, it -- I would always say this, great assets will always come in a premium. I think we just recognize that. I mean, in good times and bad, great assets will always do well in the M&A market. But I also think that as the market calibrates to a world where money costs money and the cost of capital has gone up. Obviously, we are calibrating our thinking on how we look at financial profiles of acquisition targets to reflect our higher cost of capital and we also want to make sure we're calibrating our expectations for the businesses that we would evaluate on that basis. And that can create some tempering of expectations. But I also -- we have a great balance sheet. We have done a lot to manage our debt. We've got really good -- really great cash flows. So we are in a strong position to consider M&A if and when we find something that we find particularly compelling.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So first of all, we do take a long-term view as to how we manage the prices of our capabilities and solutions. And so we do think that way. But at the same time, we also have within our contracts, particularly with our non-regulated businesses, we do have the ability to increase price to reflect the overall inflationary environment around us. And we do leverage that. So we have -- but we also tend to -- if it's a service where there's kind of an annual type of cadence, we tend to look at those price increases at the end of the year that then get effective at the beginning of the year. And so you're going to -- you're seeing that already flowing through the financials for 2023. I think that in the regulated businesses, it's a little bit of a different environment just because it's not only that we do want to make sure we get paid for our value, but we also have to go through a regulatory process to do that. And so that's just a little bit of a different dynamic. I would say, Alex that we're doing -- making the right decisions there where we feel that we have the ability to price up to reflect the value we're serving, we're doing it, but we're not overdoing it. We're not being as aggressive as we possibly can because we want to make sure that we're thinking about it over the long-term and not the short-term.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Great. Thank you. Well, we do provide information on flows at an aggregate level. So we did have $6 billion of inflows in the quarter versus last -- from the end of the year through the end of the first quarter. We also had $23 billion of inflows year-over-year. So we definitely are seeing good strong demand from investors for our Index products, and that's not just the QQQs, but also other thematic indexes, our smart beta index franchise. So we feel really good about overall client interest, investor interest. But obviously, the market dynamics have been what's really driven the downward trend in the revenues. I think also we're still out there creating product, launching product. We're primarily focused on thematic indexes, which really mean things that could be leaning into innovative technologies, leaning into specific trends in the industry. And so we tend to kind of put a lot of our new product development focus on those areas. And then we also have a smart beta environment like our Momentum Index franchise and some of the other smart beta indexes, where we definitely put time and attention there too, but I would say the thematic indexes have been more an area of new product focus for us right now.
Adena Friedman: Great. Thanks, Andrew. So starting with the last question first, again, on timing. I think that the way that we're positioning ourselves is that we want to get regulatory approval, and we're having constructive conversations with the Department of -- New York Department of Finance. And so we're hopeful we'll get that approval this quarter. And we want to get product ready by the end of the quarter. And with that, we're moving -- I think by May, we'll be moving into user testing on our platform. I mean, we'll be able to show kind of an end-to-end demo in production, which I think is going to be really helpful to curating our client prospects. And so -- but whether or not we launch is going to be more dependent on definitely whether or not we have regulatory approval and whether or not the product is a go. And also just making sure that we engage the clients, so that we feel really good about how we're going to grow the business over time. And so that launch is not set in stone. It's more a matter of making sure the other parts are ready first. In terms of the client engagement and the institutional interest, I do think Nasdaq has an interesting right to win here in terms of just getting engaged more generally in the crypto space as regulation starts to come into the market, and certainly, as the regulators get a lot more engaged in crypto, I think we do have an ability to come in with a fair, a resilient and a very scalable solution. Our crypto custody is actually, we would say, a real improvement in the technology. We are using MPC, but we're also using some really interesting techniques to make it so that we don't have this kind of hard hot cold wallet construct, but rather continuous wallet that's available, but hypersecure. And I think that we feel like that will be more attractive to institutional users to make it so they don't have a lot of their value stored in somewhere that's really inaccessible for, let's say, a 24-hour period. And so we do think that we have kind of a unique value proposition to offer. And we are having really great engagement with clients. But it is dynamic. I mean, it is a very dynamic environment. So we're calibrating our expectations to that. We're making sure that we're being very prudent in how we're managing our expenses in this environment. But we are quite excited about what we have to offer. So we're excited to be able to launch it.
Adena Friedman: No. So, most of our services that we offer in the ESG area right now are really offered to corporates. And there, we're seeing very continued engagement from corporates. We have both an advisory practice, which helps advise companies and how to make sure that they're thinking about their overall HD program, how they're reporting on their program and communicating it to investors. How they're making sure that they're being compliant with different taxonomies, so that they can get credit for the work they're doing. And that's -- the demand for that is very healthy. And then we also have our reporting tools that allow them to put all of that information to one container. And then we go and we map it out to all the taxonomies and all the rating agencies, et cetera. And that also continues to have really nice growth in client engagement. So, the corporates are wanting to make sure that they -- that they are there to engage with the investors the right way. I would say that overall, though, while ESG is going to have ebbs and flows in terms of kind of the environment that it sits in, it is, I think, a lasting change in how companies think about engaging with investors and how investors are making investment decisions. I mean the next generation of investors, do care not only what returns they're getting but how those companies are generating those returns. And I think that, we're going to find that that's a lasting trend. So, we continue to be very, very optimistic about how we can engage clients in this area.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I take kind of all of the above. So that kind of depends on the solution. So there are going to be areas where we might be able to offer a specific bespoke solution at a premium price. There might be some areas where we -- like life with AFC, where it just creates a better product, and that gives us better sales opportunities. And we do -- we are very focused with our AFC solutions on being a premium provider of that. So -- and we see that because of the fact our value proposition is higher. So we kind of embed that into the overall price of the service. And then in terms of efficiency, particularly with generative AI, you start to have -- we've had some brainstorm sessions internally, and we say looking at generate AI in the business, meaning in our products offered to clients and then generative AI on the business in terms of how we manage it into our operations. And we see a lot of opportunities in both and in ways to create more scale and efficiency, but we also -- it's so early. So we have to also make sure that we're putting that technology into an environment that we feel is secure and safe and that allows us in kind of ring-fencing it and allowing us to make sure we manage our IP and our data. So we'll take some time to do it the right way and to find ways that we can be efficient, but also provide more premium product to our clients. And that's how we're focused on it right now. We also have a governance -- I should mention, we do have a governance committee that vets all the AI use cases inside of Nasdaq, and I think that's really important. We have to make sure we're doing this in a responsible way that we're thinking through the risks as well as the benefits. And so our governance committee is led by John Zecca, who is our Chief Regulatory Risk and Legal Officer, but also includes members from technology as well as other parts of our organization to make sure we're doing it in a responsible way.
Adena Friedman: Great. Well, thank you very much for your time today, and we look forward to continuing our discussions throughout the year on the progress that we aim to make against our strategic priorities. And thanks a lot for your questions. Talk to you later. Have a great day.
