Bob Greifeld: Thank you, everybody. And we are ready for questions, right. Operator, can you please open the line for Q&A.
Bob Greifeld: Right now and for 2016, Rich, we're seeing very little synergies and it's really going to happen really in 2017 and 2018, the $60 million that we actually disclosed to you during Investor Day. So, there is no synergies really in that number at this stage.
Bob Greifeld: Yes, Rich. The first thing I do is put that committee in context in that it's a prelude, and it has no official standing in the process. So whatever recommendations come out of that may or may not be put out for comment and review. And as you know, the comment review process is long and difficult by itself. So this is just very early stage with everything. And as you know that, we think the committee is not formed in a proper way, and it's a strange and curious situation where the two listing exchanges not part of that committee. And I think that in some very significant way diminishes the authority of the committee even though it doesn't have an official position. So, we'll digest what they've said, and then we'll comment either through the official period or depending on what makes it true or we'll comment now. So, we're working with it. So, with respect to the access fee, as you know when you reference, we try that – we try that by ourselves, and clearly it has to be coordinated effort by the industry. So, we need to study the details but clearly we are aligned with that in concept with respect to immunities and Mr. Nights here to helping out, but understand the immunities are really a core issue more so than a commission issue at that point in time.
Bob Greifeld: Right. So, I've said before that the pace of the SEC could be described as glacial it's important to recognize this is before we even get to the SEC and they're also will be a change of administration both in the Whitehouse and at the SEC probably in the not too distant future. So, it's hard to predict what's going to be happening which is will be at a very slow pace.
Bob Greifeld: Well, I'd say two things, one, there will always be some level of market maker incentive involved with NFX and other efforts in the space. But I think it's important to note as I said in my prepared comments on May 1, we will start charging early days some normal report by charging for those products, where we basically have double digit market share. And it's important to recognize that these charges have been done in direct consultation with our market committee and has broad support from the customers that now is the time to move along with that. So, as I said in my comments, we are in active engagement with our customers across a wide range of our businesses and it's nowhere more true than in NFX, where we have strong customer support, strong customer support for what we're doing and actually start the charging on May 1.
Bob Greifeld: Well, the first thing I would say with ISE is, we didn't expect to get the approval so soon. So I know, I've not spend a second thinking about what the revere would look like. And if we close this deal at the very end of June, I think that would be beyond our most optimistic thoughts, as we announced the deal.
Bob Greifeld: If we just go back to Investor Day – we gave you guidance for the Corporate Solutions to acquisitions to be $85 million, so it's more or less in line year-to-year.
Bob Greifeld: Well, I would say this. Once we get into the software and services business, it does bring me back to my days of as a software entrepreneur or as at SunGard, where the fourth quarter is the big push and then the first quarter is always weak. So I think with the business models we have, we're not going to have that fourth quarter boom and boss, but we will definitely see seasonality effects on a consistent basis.
Bob Greifeld: I would add two things. I would add two things to that. One with respect to the synergy realization, I don’t think the management team is completely baked in terms of what the plan is, I think you'll find more details from us in the quarters to come, we're definitely just happy to be closing these deals sooner than we thought, and obviously we haven't closed ISCA [ph] yet. So, we have some more work to do there. And with respect to the buybacks in addition to maintaining the share count, we would look to do buybacks on an opportunistic basis, as we've done in the past and we've been successful at making sure that we see value, in the stock that we’re more aggressive rather than less.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. We think there’s going to be two different things happening as we get to the second half of the year. We will be charging on the NFX side and also I think our cost base with NLX will decline, so the $0.03 might go to $0.02, but you are in that kind of ballpark.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. The thing I would start with this by saying that that is a target over a multi-year period of time and we're still in a building cycle, the way I look at it. We're certainly very excited with the rollout of IR insight. We're very excited about the integration of the acquisitions into the existing product sets, unless it's going to mean to our competitive positioning in the marketplace, market technology is on the cusp of a new product cycle, and certainly we see great opportunities in clearing enabled and enhanced by blockchain technology. So this is a multi-year goal. I personally don't think about 2015, 2016 in a given time period, but look at the trend line that we have and we feel very good about that.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. So let me start with the last part. And then I’ll let Adena answer part of it. It's important to recognize that with the ETP listing, it's not a great revenue opportunity for us, as bundle pricing across families and doesn't amount to a lot of money. Where the ETP market is interesting is if you happen to have one listed with you the trades actively. So clearly in this marketplaces, call it 10 that matter to the trading community, the others are good to have, we service our customers well with it, but not drivers of revenue in any significant way.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. So certainly first quarter is a great quarter for switches. And I think we have evolved our market structure to be sensitive to the particular needs of ETPs. I think you can see that trend line continue in the quarters to come where you'll have market structural enhancements just for these issuers.
Bob Greifeld: Yes. I would say this. As we said before, we're very focused on managing the balance between share and capture, and I think the team has done an outstanding job with that over the years. So at a given month or given quarter, the focus will change somewhat, but overall I think we have a good balance and it's important to recognize from a trading perspective we still by far and away run the largest venue on untamed sea and that's the point of intersection between us on the trading side and the listing side, so we're very comfortable with our positioning there.
Bob Greifeld: Okay. All right, well, thank you everybody for your time today, and certainly we're proud to deliver another record quarter for our shareholders or stakeholders. And as I liked to say, we do judge how we are doing relative to our position with our customers and beyond the financial metrics we just disclosed. The first quarter was another good quarter for us improving our competitive positioning with our customers and obviously that will determine our long-term financial success. So we're proud of hitting on both cylinders. We again thank you for your time and look forward to answering your questions in days and weeks to come. Thank you.
Ron Hassen: And I want to emphasize a point Bob was making. The sub-committee's recommendation, the next step is for the full committee to consider them. Then they go to the staff of the SEC.
Ron Hassen: The SEC has – staff has to decide what it recommends. Then it goes to the commission, the commission have to decide what it recommends. Then it goes to the public, and it goes to a process of public comments and the evidence in that comment period has to support the conclusions where there is the potential of court review. So there are many steps in this process.
Ron Hassen: Yes it’s a great question. Yes, we are definitely looking into the both the euro market as well as the U.S. market. And as I mentioned to you at Investor Day, we're looking between a seven-year and ten-year, or actually a five-year and a ten-year offering. And as I indicated 4% to 5%, I would guide you closer to the low end of that in terms of an interest rate, since the euro market looks very favorable at this point.
Ron Hassen: Yes. So, in terms of synergies, we're looking really at a 18-month horizon in terms of the $60 million that we’re looking at in terms of majority of it anyway. In terms of the buybacks and the deleveraging, I think we mentioned this before it’s going to be more of balance approach. We want to get down to the mid two and half level, and it's going to be 18 months to 24 months before we get there. So buybacks look to continue to happen as I said in my prepared remarks, its more or less going to offset the natural dilution that we have in the share count that we have, and we're really going to focus on deleveraging getting us back to two and half times leverage.
Ron Hassen: I think all the above. But, if I was to highlight one factor, we have certainly had success with our microwave offering.
Ron Hassen: Well, I would say one. By definition, open interest shows that you're building an asset over time, and to get to 800,000 contracts in open interest, I think is certainly remarkable. 100,000 contracts we’re very proud of is daily activity, but 800,000 of open interest and as I said in my prepared remarks compared to basically the biggest complex at OCC were 40% of the volume and obviously biggest features have been around for a lot longer period of time than that. So, still early days, but certainly more progress than we have planned for at this particular point in time. With respect to the first party of question, when you have 70 participants that has to represent the broad spectrum of the marketplace we’re averaging now in the high 40s on a daily day, with respect to number of participants. So, we feel very good about that. So, beyond the investment banks and beyond the market makers, we certainly see what we call the naturals coming in to the marketplace. And we're obviously a big story within that marketplace, we're too big to hide everybody is aware of it, everybody is aware of the liquidity and particularly the products we have where we’re at double-digit market share on a daily basis.
Ron Hassen: And last but not least, I mean, the acquisitions are certainly going to help you achieve scale and hit the market goals.
Adena Friedman: Hi, this is Adena. Yes, we have been able to attract new clients into the offering and our sales pipeline is picking up quite nicely, particularly as we go into the second quarter because we had to get the system launched and then we had to start to show it to all the clients and it's easier to sell the product once it's in full production and you can really show it in all of its glory. So we are definitely seeing an increase in the sales pipeline as well as sales as well as competitive wins and we definitely see that picking up as we get into the second quarter.
Adena Friedman: I think that the multimedia solutions business which really our webcasting business. As we mentioned at Investor Day has created some short-term challenges and we are working through with the partner to continue to look at enhancing our offering and we continue to look at how we offer the product in terms of pricing and service. So we are working through those issues and we will continue to update people as we progress.
Adena Friedman: I think also, on Investor Day, we did provide you some disclosures of the impact of the acquisitions. And for the two conversations on acquisitions the revenues tend to be relatively stable quarter-over-quarter. So you can take some of our annualized impact and understand what would be impact would be for an individual quarter.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I think it's very important to note that the fourth quarter was an extraordinarily strong quarter for us, in terms of closing new sales across the entire business be wise SMARTS and the core market tech business. And generally what happens is you go through a really big push at the end of the year and the first quarter tends to be a little bit slower, this one was, we had extraordinarily strong end of the year and so our first quarter has been a little bit slower. But we definitely see a very strong sales pipeline frankly across the entire market technology franchise. So, we have no concerns over the overall strength and growth potential of the business.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think, that the – seeking the first question with regard to energy clients. As a general matter, we're seeing some M&A and what we would say, working with some of our energy clients to make sure that they retain their service what that they may, we might reprice it, and the short-term can make sure that they can continue to afford our service while they are working through some of their own business challenges, that is creating some level of headwinds. So, both M&A and that kind of activity in the Investor Relation segment of our Corporate Solution. But we want to make sure that we continue to work with our clients. We are very focused on that and we will continue to do that while we also grow through new clients and other things. So it's definitely a mixed story right now in terms of finding new clients, upgrading our clients, adding users to existing clients, at the same time, working through some challenge sectors and managing through a lot of M&A activity amongst some of our clients. And with regard to the second question, as we've said before it's multi-year outlook for the business to achieve a 20% run rate margin across technology solutions, which includes market technology and corporate solutions and we continue to be on track with that and we discussed that at Investor Day and we continue to see that as an achievable goal for us.
Adena Friedman: Yes. In terms of our efforts to continue to be the lifting venue of choice for ETP is, we have the benefit of being able to offer the exchange trigger products visibility through the market side and other visibility programs that we have here, which makes it, so that we can differentiated from some of our competitors. The other thing that we do is we work with the lead market makers and the ETPs around our market maker quality program that also provide for some rebate program to the lead market makers in addition to working through an opportunity to provide some benefit to the issuers on that as well. And then we also, I think that we have this kind of full service approach, we are indexed ourselves, we understand what it takes to be successful exchange traded product. We leverage that expertise and we talk and we feel that we're very client focused around making sure the ETPs feel, they have the best possible market structure and market environment to trade their products. So, we're proud of what we can offer and that's obviously showing up in some really great success last year and this year.
Adena Friedman: We do not disclose net sales and we provide you with just revenue and expense results, and general trends.
Adena Friedman: The data revenue associated with the Index business is in the data business. So, you will see that sitting in the data business. In terms of – and so in terms of just generally though on the Index business, we continue to see strong trends in overall demand for our products. We have had some market related headwinds within AUM, but the fact that of the matter is, we continue to see strong demand for this products, and that AUM has recovered quite nicely, as you we’ve gotten into the second quarter. In terms of – we don't breakout the revenue, in terms of how much is contributed to each, but we have seen strong trading activity in the first quarter. We also continue to see growth and demand and new product launches for our overall business, and continue to work very closely with the EPS sponsors to launch new products, which will drive further growth overtime.
Alex Kramm: All right. Great. And then just secondly, just circling back to NFX, obviously yes the incentives coming off and so forth, but I think in the past just given some color in terms of the user base and also maybe how open interest is looking. So any particular color like who are the 70 people that are trading? Are you getting some of the commercial users to sign-up? And also how does your open interest can compare to what you see at the incumbents that [indiscernible] is. Any differences there that make us believe this is more sustainable than maybe some of the other initiatives that you had in the past? Thank you.
Alex Kramm: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in for follow-up. Just a couple of things, one, Adena, did you actually give the net sales number in Corporate Solutions, maybe I missed that? And I have another question.
Alex Kramm: Okay. I think it was $3 million last quarter, so you've given in the past, I was just curious, be an update. But all right, anyways, second question, just on the Index business for second, this is more of bigger picture question like, obviously always highlighted the AUM there, but can actually break the segment, I know it’s a small segment like, how much of that business actually AUM from EPS? How much is the description revenues? And how much is derivatives trading fees? And can you give any general trends in terms of are you taking pricing on subscriptions, and any other color you can provide so we can model that piece better? Thanks.
