Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Well, I would say, one, Rich, as compared to when we announced the deal, we've obviously have increased confidence that we're going to get there, but we're not prepared to be more granular with respect to the exact timing. So, we're well underway. We still expect to have both positive and negative surprises as we move along. But we know we're going to get to the end state.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. So, I would say this, one is, I said on a prior call, we're managing the market share on a consolidated basis. We have a number of licenses. They're all important to us and we'll definitely take certain actions which have to have a positive impact on one of the license and a partially negative on the other. So, I would direct you to look at the combined market share and I made reference to that in my comments there. I'd also make mention of the fact that, we certainly have seen with the OCC changes fewer dividend trades, strategy trades. So, I think, that has had a one-time impact on the market share going forward. And in terms of where we are, we certainly believe that complex order flow is an increasing part of the market going forward. And we have the leading position. We're going to continue to invest in that and we feel we will benefit from that trend line.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. Good questions. So, certainly, we think the deal makes industrial logic, makes sense. I think it will certainly provide them synergy opportunities and I think it represents a return to their investors. We think, strategically, it doesn't change much. We're tough competitors with both CBOE and Bats today and we think that will continue there. So, we're happy, obviously, to have Bats and CBOE in a public forum and represent a rational competitor. And we run an efficient marketplace, so the way we look at the competition against different players where efficiency is important is something we welcome. And we also know strategically we have the scale so we have the ability to lever more flow against our highly efficient platform. So, we feel good about that. So, the options market is something we believe in. We think it's going through a down cycle with respect to overall volume trends, but we see that growing in the future. And as previously highlighted, we think complex is going to be an increasingly important part of the marketplace. And certainly, our job with ISE is to get through the transition as quickly as we can. And as I've said, we've made great progress on it, we've got a lot of work to do, but we've got a very talented team focused on it and I think you'll see us achieve that in a rapid pace.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: I'd also would highlight the fact, and I mentioned it on the prepared remarks, the fact that Adena and the team are completing the integration of IR Insight to simplify their mission, and certainly, it will narrow the focus, and I think, also help contribute to margin expansion as we get into 2017.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. Let me start by complimenting the team, in that the performance of the SIP is beyond what we had on the drawing board, and we're significantly below 50 microseconds. You might say 20 microseconds or 30 microseconds. So, that represents, really, I think the top technological achievement in the industry right now. So, we're proud of that. I think it's better for the industry. It's also important to recognize that our proprietary data feeds are first and foremost about content. Speed was always a secondary concern. So, there is unique content in our proprietary feeds that you do not have in the SIP.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Yeah. And with respect to whatever controversy you're speaking to, it's important to know that the SIP, while we're providing the technology, is not governed by Nasdaq. It's an industry initiative. So, the pricing associated with the SIP is not a Nasdaq decision. It's a SIP committee decision.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Okay. So, I would just start by saying with respect to NFX, it's important to recognize that we get the publicity and it has our name in it, but this is a industry effort. This was customers coming together saying they want to do something to change the duopolistic or monopolistic practices of vertical monopolies. And so, we responded to that and we have been down the road before, so it's important for us not to just be engaged with happy meetings but the customers had to put real skin in the game to launch this thing. And they've done and they've come through. So, as we stand here today, our progress is certainly more significant than we would have planned for at this point in time. And as I mentioned in my comments, the onboarding of new customers is at a record level. What I didn't mention is we have additional large industry participants who want to become part of the partnership, and I think the partnership will expand to allow them in. So, we're living in happy times, where there is a lot of inbound. So, our success today is very strong. The inbound, as a forward indicator, would say there is more success to come. But we remain quite focused and we know that while we've had great success, we need to get a higher level of success in order to have what I call a definable asset. So, I would say this, Brian, there is zero, and I mean zero, thought with respect to the last part of your comment about us thinking about curtailing it. This is a thing that's expanding and we hear – and our customers are very excited about what's being created.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: I think you'll see in 2017, that has a good opportunity to narrow. And what we have is what I'll call policy but a loose policy is when we have double-digit market share in a given instrument then we tend to work with our market committee and decide what is the proper price at that point in time. And as we've said, our target rate as we get fully established is in and around $0.60 a contract.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: I do like the fact you directed it to Michael, as our Canadian sitting here at the table. So, I'll start and Adena can help and Michael is always free to chime in. So, I would say this, and it's not specific just to Canada. Our brand value and the listing game is a global brand, and we see it having pull in the Nordics for countries in the rest of Europe and outside Europe, and you see that same attraction in Canada. So, our listing franchise is incredibly strong, and certainly I think you can reasonably see that there is ways we can use that not just in Canada but in other parts of the world. So, that's certainly part of our plans going forward. But we have to do that intelligently, and what I like about what's happened in the Nordic, it's grown organically as people realized how good the Nasdaq market is in the Nordics and we plan to move along. So, we are very happy with the progress of our Canada operation today. We realize it's early innings and our plans will become more comprehensive as time marches on.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: I also would add that with webcasting, I think Adena and the team have identified really the customers we should be addressing. We provide a high-end service we call the white-glove service, and that's where we're going to go. So, we're not so much chasing the last dollar of revenue but making sure we're getting revenue where it makes sense, and it's integrated into the other suite of products. I think in the past it's just been about getting any order. And we're going to continue with that philosophy. Higher margin, better revenue.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Well, I would say this, we haven't spent too much time thinking about Trayport. So, clearly, when it came for auction, we were there to decide whether we were going to bid on it. We chose not to. And I would say that our position is unchanged with respect to that asset.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, the third quarter came in pretty much in line with the second quarter from an organic basis. The increase we saw was due to the acquisitions. With respect to the future years, we're not going to be providing that guidance yet. Typically we'll give that in – we'll do the report at the end of the year. I would say the only things we can kind of point to, and I covered them in my remarks, was so far, year-to-date, we've had about a 3% increase in organic expenses, which is consistent with what we saw last year as well. And you'll also have to think about obviously the remaining synergies, $37 million that will come in. Not all for the full year, obviously, because they're going to come in through the year next year. So, those are some of the key factors to take into account as you consider next year.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Sure. Great question. So, one, with respect to overall industry volumes, we certainly watch closely as the banks reported good FIC income. It's important to recognize that those metrics typically are not indicative of the Treasury business. So, our reference points are more the Fed (50:13) primary dealer Treasury bond volumes which were flat to down, or the CME government bond futures contracts or you look at the inter-dealer fixed income platforms. They are all flattish to down. So, we're still dealing with a somewhat difficult, I should say, difficult macro environment. With respect to our execution, clearly John Shay coming onboard brings, I think, a lot of skills and talents and experience in relationships to that effort. So, we're proud to have him there. I'd also state that the efforts that are in place today with respect to eSpeed Elect is I think something that we're going to continue to work on and see great progress with it. And we also referenced the fact that there are in fact dark-pool capabilities that we can lever in the space. I'd also make the general longer-term comment, Mary Jo White's comments with respect to implementing a Reg ATS kind of regime in the Treasury market would be seen, I think, as a positive for our efforts in the space. So, we like our internal efforts between the two things we have in place today and we like the general direction of the industry. And I think John will continue to add value, and certainly will, I think, augment and hopefully, improve this strategy going forward.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, I would say this that we look for opportunities across the range of businesses that we're in. But the largest acquisition we've done this year by several orders of magnitude is ISE which is, clearly, in our Trading Services business. And we have a number of different assets in our portfolio. We have a very clear view of the playing field and what other assets that are out there that might be a value to us in time. And as I said, M&A has to be a slow-moving game, and you have to have a prior view of the attractiveness of each of the assets. So, a compliment to the management team here. We have that. We pay attention to many things. And obviously, 90-something percent or 98% of the things we think about don't happen. We were fortunate that the, really, five deals including SecondMarket, after looking them for a long period of time, came into play. And we were able to then execute and you see the results on our efforts today. And those results will have a more material impact as we go forward into 2017. I think we still live in a time where valuations tend to be higher than they should be. You have a number of companies who want to be bought at growth company valuations when in fact they're not growing. So, we do not stomach that kind of disconnect and we pay attention. So, the same story always. We look at a lot of things and we only move when we have basically perfect alignment.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Well, I think in a given day, you see around 40 firms that are active. And I would say, of the firms who are active from the beginning, the vast majority of them continue to trade with us. But 40 is a number, and that number, obviously, is growing on a month-by-month basis.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: So I would start, certainly, on the surveillance side, we see an incredibly long runway for growth. And it's a product set that we're investing in a quite aggressive fashion. I think we just approved a further investment in it. So, when you think about where it came from the time we acquired the product to where it is today, it's a startling set of progress, but we think we have more to come.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: So, this space is ideally matched, what I referenced in my comments. We have leading positions in both of those – really, in all of those segments, but we're not complacent, and we recognize the technology. Change is coming, and we're in front of that, and we're going to integrate that in a very aggressive fashion. And we always like the fact when we compete against companies who call themselves technology companies but are not in fact that, they're more sales companies, and we have the technology muscle, the development muscle, to reinvent ourselves in this space. And this is a dramatically growing space and we expect to see great growth from it in the decade to come.
Robert Greifeld - Nasdaq, Inc.: Great. Well, I thank everybody for their time today. As we've said numerous times, this quarter again shows the resiliency and the diversity of our business model. We had an incredibly strong transaction revenue in August of 2015. We reverted to the norm in this August; in some ways reverted below the norm. But in spite of that, you see us deliver record results. Great business model and great execution by the team. I appreciate your time today and look forward to getting together with you again. Thank you.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. This is Adena. The Market Technology business continued to have a very strong quarter in terms of new sales in our surveillance business, in our GRC solutions to the corporate, as well as continued growth on the core business. Some of that is coming from the full quarter effect of the (32:23) deal. But some of it is also just other contracts coming online and some short-term, what we call CRs, or short-term development revenues that we had in the quarter. As we look at the fourth quarter, you're right that the fourth quarter tends to be our seasonally strong quarter both in terms of sales as well as on short-term revenue. So, we would anticipate that seasonality would continue to occur. So, we just are seeing really good strength across the business right now.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So, the Technology Solutions business, as a reminder, includes both Corporate Solutions and the Market Tech business. And you're right. We are seeing that we've had a nice lift in the margin year-over-year quarter, and quarter-over-quarter from Q2 to Q3 is relatively stable. So, we are continuing to find opportunities to grow the margins across that segment. As we've mentioned before, we do have a 20% target, and we gave that target out around a year ago. So, we are marching towards that target and we continue to see progress there.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. I would add to that. I think that we would look at the proprietary feeds as providing additional value in terms of the depth of market. That's really the primary reason why people buy those feeds in addition to the feed. So, they're able to get it in a machine-readable format that allows them to make complex order routing decisions, algorithmic decisions in terms of their interaction with the market that go beyond what the basic feed provides, through the UTP feed. So, we are very pleased with the performance of the SIP, and we think that it is a great benefit to the industry. But we also see it as complementing the proprietary offerings that we have.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, as with the acquisition of Marketwired, we do have a large group of Canadian clients at this point. It was their primary market. And therefore, we have the opportunity to cross-sell other services into those clients, and it has become a larger part of our strategy. But even before that, we did have a lot of Canadian clients just using our investor relations services. So, we have a nice presence in Canada now. We have a larger office there, and we certainly see opportunity to continue to grow the Canadian marketplace for Corporate Solutions.
Adena T. Friedman: I'll answer that second question first. In terms of the general usage of our data, we see that being relatively stable. Remember, we receive fees both in end users as well as in distribution fees and machine usage of our fees. So, we have the ability, more internally, to have a stable revenue stream associated with overall industry use of our data. We continue to see very good demand for our new Nasdaq Basic feed that – or not new, but it's been around less time than others. And we continue to see growth there. And we also interestingly have seen increased demand and sales of our data into Asia. And we have put a salesperson into the Asian region, and it's been a nice year in terms of new opportunities that have come from Asia. So, I think that we are continuing to find that there is healthy demand for our service. It's relatively stable. And with the new Trading Insights product, we continue to find opportunities to find new insights in our data that we can sell to the clients. We launched that product in September. We already have several firms using it, testing it, and one firm already said, yeah, this looks great, and they're now buying it. So, we're really, really pleased with how the data business is going in general.
Adena T. Friedman: We are actually seeing progress. We don't give specific statistics, but we are seeing more head-to-head wins and fewer head-to-head losses with our competitors, in addition to clients picking up additional feeds. But it is a relatively mature business, so there is not a ton of new IR directors who don't have some sort of intelligence service, so we are making sure they're using this to compete much more effectively against the key competitors. In addition to finding new ways for them to use the product within the franchise, whether it's at the CFO level or other parts of the C-suite organization. So, we definitely are seeing really good progress there. We did also, I should mention, launch a new service within IR Insight called IR Analytics, which is essentially a machine-readable way, or I should say, an automated way of delivering out some of the advisory services that we deliver. And there's more intelligence and integration of that data and information into the rest of the IR Insight suite. So, we're continuing to add really nice value into the platform as well.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. That's a good question. So, we did have the benefit of the full quarter effect of Boardvantage. Marketwired has already been in there from the prior quarter. But with regard to the webcasting business, it's been an area of weakness for us throughout the year. There have been some budget tightenings within some of the sectors that we're strong in, and we continue to see clients potentially trying cheaper options. We actually have seen a few clients returning to us after seeing that those cheaper options just don't provide the security and the service that they were expecting. But we are seeing some weakness there. And then the legacy PR business, not Marketwired but the legacy PR business, had some downward trend in Q3 but that's often seasonal. So, with those two things, so the webcasting and the legacy PR business kind of offset the benefit of the full quarter effect of Boardvantage and general strength in the board portal sales that we are seeing.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So with regard to the IRI migration, it is still on track to be completed at the end of this year. The clients have been very, very collaborative and excited about the platform. So, it has been a smooth transition over to the new services and they're seeing a lot of benefits from them. With regard to the year-over-year quarter results on an organic basis, if we look at the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year with our Corporate Solutions business, it was flat. And with regard to the Market Tech business, it's 11% – I'm sorry...
Adena T. Friedman: 20% up on the second quarter, or sorry, sequential quarters. So, yeah, it's about 20% up year-over-year quarter for our Market Technology business, and that's organic.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So the index business, we've had a nice recovery of AUM from the beginning of the year where we had a major dip as a result of some of the market volatility. So, our AUM generally is kind of a little bit above where it was at the beginning of the year. So, we're pleased with that, and so we've seen recovery there. The futures volumes were off a little bit in the quarter versus prior-year quarter because there was a lot more volatility in volumes in the third quarter of last year. And that has created some downward pressure in the revenue. And so, therefore, it's essentially flat year-over-year quarter.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. So, if we look across the GRC space, most notably starting with surveillance, I completely agree with Bob, and there are a couple of new things we have done. We made a minority investment in a machine intelligence company called Digital Reasoning which has natural language processing capabilities specific to the compliance space for brokers. And we are working with Digital Reasoning and with broker clients to create a holistic solution that matches up e-comm's compliance with the surveillance technology. So, that's a new capability we'll be delivering into 2017 and a growth area for us, an investing area for us. And then, additionally, we continue to look at how we can get bigger across the spectrum of trade surveillance, trade supervision and compliance. And we continue to work with our broker clients to understand where are their biggest pain points and how can our technology continue to serve them well. And we see a long runway of opportunity there. With regard to the corporate GRC business, which is really more enterprise risk management, operational risk management, we call that BWise, that's been going through a revenue shift. So, while we continue to see strong sales, as well as good opportunities to expand what we provide for our clients, and we are investing in new capabilities. For instance, we recently launched an IT GRC module for that. We are moving that also to more of a recurring revenue model from a perpetual license model. And so, that's been going through a little bit of a revenue shift. And we expect that to come out of that in the next couple of years so that we can continue to see growth in that business as well.
