Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. Why don't I actually start with that and then we'll talk about anti-fincrime. So quarter-over-quarter, the fourth quarter is a seasonally high quarter for us, pretty much every year in market infrastructure technology just because we tend to have a lot of, what we call, change requests and other projects that we try to conclude during the quarter. Which then allows us to recognize the revenue in that quarter. And so that tends to be just a seasonally high quarter for us. So that's a general trend.  But in general, but if I look at the market infrastructure technology business more generally, Rich, I think that as you mentioned, we still are facing the impacts of the pandemic just in terms of the level of client engagement we could have with our clients during 2020 and part of 2021.  We did -- I think we are starting to show a recovery in order intakes in the level of engagement we have with our clients. We're back on the road. Roland has been traveling the world visiting our clients again, as has our sales and service teams. So I feel like we really are getting back to a more normal level of engagement.  We're also making good progress on those post-trade implementations. As I mentioned in April, we've had 2 of our clients go live with first phases of that. So that helps also in terms of us getting past those projects, being able to deploy some of those people to other projects, but also just continuing the progress on those big implementations across the franchise. So we feel like we're getting ourselves back into a more normal cadence but it will take time for us to show that through the revenue line.  And I think this quarter kind of reflects that. With regard to the anti-fincrime business, as you mentioned, the sanctions and other just general risks that the financial system has right now, I think, is definitely driving up an interest in making sure that companies have the most advanced solutions for anti-fin crime, that I think it is driving some of the interest that we have from the largest banks, and that's why we've launched a couple of proofs of concepts with some banks and we have others right in the very near-term pipeline for that so that they can start to understand how we can help them solve their problems with, I think, in a more advanced way.  And then the sanctions, that capability, what our -- what the team does is amazing. They have a weekly release cycle. So when the sanctions hit, they were quickly able to update and upgrade the sanction module that we've had in the product for a while to really reflect the newest sanctions, and they're rolling that out to the clients right now. So hopefully, that helps give the color that you're looking for.
Adena Friedman: Yes. We definitely have a backlog. I think that right now, there are -- if we look just in the SEC filings, we track the S-1 filings. And right now, there are 270 active S-1 filings that have -- that are on file to go to Nasdaq. I think that that's versus 222 filings at the same time last year. So the number of companies that are looking to go out into the public markets remains really strong. We have great engagement with some really interesting and large-cap IPO opportunities.  But they need to feel that the environment is the right environment to go public and that investors are ready to take new risks on new issuers. And I think that's where, right now, they're just tracking that. I think that the markets are volatile, and it makes it harder for investors to predict the future, which makes it harder for them to take those risks.  But we are hopeful that we might see a couple of bear listings come out later in this quarter, but we'll have to see how the markets -- kind of how the markets behave and whether or not it's an inviting environment for them.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So we're not providing you any sort of a specific outlook or guidance on how we see things proceed. But I would say that what we are feeling more optimistic around is the fact that we are getting through the really big push that we've had on some of these big post-trade implementations, which then, of course, allows us and gives us more confidence to sign new clients, to continue to -- in the post-trade area. And there is -- continues to be a lot of demand from exchanges who want to upgrade and modernize their poster infrastructure, and we now have modern solutions that can really help them.  So I think that's good that we're getting past some of those key implementations. Now we -- those are Phase I. So we still have Phase 2 to implement with some of our clients. But I also would say that it does still allow us to really work on making sure that we build that pipeline for the next group of clients who are going to be moving into the new -- their new clearing and post-trade solutions. But I think that that's, as you said, it takes time, though, because these projects are multiyear projects. They take a long time to get in place. And once you get into implementation and you can start to -- you get a change in how we recognize the license revenue, we go into service and maintenance revenues, and that tends to have a different margin profile, I think that we can -- we feel good that we can start to show that progress in -- as we get later into '22 and into '23. But I just want to say these cycles are long and these projects are important, and we have to make sure that we continue to deliver on them. Hopefully, that helps you.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And in terms of the options, the Nasdaq 100 Index options revenues, it's a great question, Craig, because that's an area that our market services business is really working to build.  And we have a great relationship with the small start-up that we have an investment in called Volos that's really helping institutional investors understand how to leg into index options or Nasdaq 100 index options as part of their hedging and their investment strategies. And I think that that's helping build adoption as well.  And so I think that we see that as a really nice growth area for us in the Market Services business. But we're still early in really building up that ecosystem, and we have a lot of opportunity in front of us there.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. I think that it really does just reflect good demand. Well, there's 2 things actually: Retention and demand. So I think that the corporate platforms team has done a really nice job of continuing to bring our client retention up year-over-year, which then, of course, allows the team to really focus on sales, which drives growth. . I think the reason that we have the retention we have is certainly product enhancements and capabilities we continue to really invest in those products so that they are truly best-in-class for our customers. I think the second is just that the political environment or I should say, the geopolitical environment, the investment environment, the overall economic environment makes it so that you've got a lot of changes in the engagement with investors and with your Board, there's obviously a lot of interest on the ESG front, and I think that that's an area that's maturing.  But still, corporates are really navigating that and trying to figure out how best to communicate to investors. And our team does a really nice job not only of providing really great software solutions, but also advisory capabilities to help them figure all of that out. And I think that because of the kind of the combination of the advisory team with the SaaS tools is what's really driving a lot of great demand there.  And we feel good about it. I would also just point out, we have 13% more operating companies listed on Nasdaq today than we had a year ago. And we do offer, as part of our IPO package, some of those services, kind of what we call a starter kit for those services. Those packages kind of roll off after 3 years. But also there are additional services we offer for a fee. And I think our clients are realizing that we have a lot that we can do with them to help them navigate through this really unusual environment, and that's also what's driving demand.
Adena Friedman: Yes, sure. So you're right. So we have I think it's somewhere in the range of about a dozen crypto exchanges that leverage our technology for trading and then for surveillance. And then we also, as I mentioned, the anti-financial crime team has built a module that's specific to digital assets to help both traditional banks and Bats really help manage their anti-fincrime efforts.  So we're excited that we're rolling that out in the second quarter. And then also we have our crypto index products that we've launched. And so we continue to find ways to engage, Owen, in the crypto space. And we're continuing to watch that space in general, like how it's evolving, how it's maturing, how much institutional interest is coming in to understand how we can continue to expand our offerings over time.
Adena Friedman: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Yes. So you are correct that with the stock splits that are happening, I think, first of all, we should probably just say there is true market structure benefits to having a stock price that allows investors, more investors to own your shares directly because that tends to bring more investors into your stock. It tends to bring more trading on to exchange as opposed to through these fractional share offerings that are all off exchange. And that the idea there is that it should drive a tighter spread, and we have a lot of evidence that our economic research department has done around that, which I think helps investors and it helps companies.  So we see it as a net positive. But you're also correct that in the U.S., not in Europe, but in the U.S., we do get paid on shares traded. So if large listings do significant splits, it does increase the shares that are traded in those stocks. But there is a partial countervailing force with options. So you also are correct that we are seeing retail investors would lag in the option in really high-priced stocks and as a way to kind of demonstrate an interest in the stock without having to pay a lot of money for each share.  So there is some offset there in the options market, but we would say that, generally speaking, it's a net positive to see the increase in the share price, the better market structure versus the slight downtick that you might see in some options volumes.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So thanks. Yes, I think we'll talk about the ASC level because that's what we report today, but I'm going to let Ann cover that one.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And I think one other just point of color to add on Verafin specifically is I think when we went into the acquisition, we indicated that we thought we could generate in the range of $140 million in 2021 for that business. And we exited the year a little above that, quite close to $150 million, which kind of brought us into and they continue to have really strong revenue growth, but it kind of brought us into this year at a nice position.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. So on equities in the U.S., I think there are 2 forces at play there. One is just a change in the mix of trading. So we had more retail trading last year first quarter, more institutional trading this year first quarter, and that drives just the different behaviors in the markets.  I mean that, I think, has actually resulted in more intraday volumes, which then has just a lower capture rate to it. So that's one component, just the mix of trading.  The second is, though, that we have been focused in on trying to drive volumes into the markets in certain ways. We do, as you know, it's like a monthly activity for us to look at pricing and how we use pricing to drive volumes. And so we did some programs at the beginning of the quarter that are, as I mentioned before, to increase participation in certain parts of our market functionalities. And I think that that's also showing up in terms of some incentives we put in to bring up our share, which has started to show some -- bear some fruit as well.  In options, on the other hand, -- you saw -- I think we've mentioned in the fourth quarter, we have this payment we make to OCC. And I think you go at the end of the year, they have a fee holiday, which then drives down what our stated capture was in Q4. And then we saw -- we expect it to come up a little bit in Q1, which it did.  And then we also had a little bit more institute, again, more institutional involvement in the options markets less retail and retail tends to come in at a lower price. So our options capture went up a little bit just by that change in mix.
Adena Friedman: Yes, in terms of -- and so -- and I think also to mention is, as we mentioned before, we're not increasing the top end of the expense guidance range, but we are bringing up the bottom just to show the fact that we are continuing to invest -- and if you look at it, it's actually coming across a lot of different parts of our business. It's in the anti-fincrime space, it's in the corporate platform space and it's in the investment intelligence space. And so those areas are we're doing really well in engaging with clients, and we want to make sure that that's sustainable.  So we're investing in growing our teams and making sure that they're doing the job that they need to do to service our clients -- our growing client base successfully.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I mean I would say we've been managing through a really dynamic auctions environment for a long time. So I think that there are less for like 13 options exchanges, 14 options exchanges. So having additional options exchanges come in is something that's just part of the ecosystem today.  I think that in terms of how we manage that, as you said, we are really thoughtful about how -- what kind of flow that we think is really optimally attractive to us in terms of the types of markets we have. So we really look at it. We have 6 options exchanges. We can have different types of investors and participants in each of those exchanges. We think about pricing on each of those exchanges individually. And we can basically allow for the most complex options traders to come in through Philex and IC and the most basic retail traders to come in through GMX and MRx and others. So we try really hard, Alex, to make sure that we are balancing what we're trying to achieve with our platforms, what kind of investors we want to have in our platforms and how we serve them the right way. I think that the newer exchanges that are coming in are really competing really on those lower-end platforms that have the lowest capture, but they don't necessarily serve the more complex traders.  I think the last thing I would say is part of the thing we also are focused on is our proprietary product franchise because we do think that we have some really interesting assets that we can bring into our options markets or having our options markets that really do have a different characteristic to them. So in addition to competing really actively, and we always will and we do that quite well, I think that we also are really trying to build up our proprietary product franchise as well.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I think that in general, you are -- you've touched a lot on where we see the opportunity, I think, that within the anti-fincrime space. The teams -- after the Verafin acquisition, the teams started to engage right away on how we could leverage all of the client relationships we have with our surveillance business to open doors for Verafin into the larger firms. And I think we're really being successful at doing that. . But now, with the teams more integrated, they've come together, they've had some really interesting strategy sections on how to really optimize the relationships with the clients, how to bring the product market together. Any sort of product integration will take time, right? So that's a multiyear plan.  But in terms of continuing to really build that pipeline of opportunities for us to open doors for Verafin as well as to think about even how do we take to the surveillance product to smaller clients because Verafin has done such a great job there. These are all things that we are excited to work on.  But generally speaking, what all of that means is that we have an overall medium-term outlook for the Market Technology business, which includes market infrastructure technology and anti-fincrime of 13% to 16% growth. And so everything we're doing in the anti-fincrime space really helps support that overall market tech number of the 13% to 16% growth.  If we find that we are having more success or earlier success than we anticipate in some of the work we're doing in anti-fincrime, we'll look at whether or not we would make adjustments there. But right now, I think that that's -- the outlook is consistent with how we see that business developing.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, we don't talk about like intra-year outlook any particular business. But I would say that as we have been mentioning that we had that 1 contract roll-off that rolled off in July of last year, so you kind of take that and lap that through the end of June.  I think that we are seeing strong engagement. We've had record order intake last year. We've had a good start to the year from an order intake perspective. And so we do feel like there are good signals that we will have the opportunity to grow that business. But obviously, we don't give intra year outlook or guidance on that.  In terms of the crypto indexes, we actually launched that product, I believe, beginning of 2021, maybe or maybe it was 2020. And it actually, it was an index that's based outside the U.S., and it is generating nice revenue for us, but that's already incorporated into the revenue for the index sector all in. So hopefully, it's not hugely significant. I just want to say that. It's a nice grower, but not in the context of how big that business is today. It's not a huge -- it's not a significant mover.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. Hey, Michael. So thanks for asking about that because we didn't mention that in the script. But it's moving along quite well. I think that we are heavily engaged with AWS. They're deploying their outpost solution into our data center. And on May 3, I think it is, that we're going to have our groundbreaking at Carteret because we're with Equinix and our partners there because we are breaking ground to expand that data center. That data center expansion will be done in 2024, which then allows us to offer more capabilities to our clients, expand the AWS presence and make it so that we can continue to really create that private local zone that is available to our ecosystem of market participants and investment clients beyond what we do today.  But that's -- it's going to take a couple of years for that to come online. But in the meantime, we are -- AWS is deeply engaged with our engineering team, our infrastructure team and our development team to make sure that we are on track with our MRx migration.  And as we mentioned, our goal is to have MRx, which is one of our options exchanges, migrate over to the Outpost implementation and on to our new Fusion platform before the end of this year. And so we're on track with that. There aren't any major challenges that I think that are impeding our progress at all. We're learning as we go for sure, but it's been a spectacular partnership so far.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So we -- every year, we -- or in the last few, we do this now on an annual basis, we provide a small change to our listing fees to reflect the continued investment we're making in that business. And so that -- and we did that as we have in prior years. So there was no difference there.  I think that -- I think in general, though, we have done some work to understand the inflationary environment, the way that we engage with our clients on pricing. In some cases, we do have annual CPI adjustments to our products. In other cases, we don't have to have the same flexibility, but we look at the value we're providing to our clients over time or upon contract renewal. And so we are certainly being proactive in evaluating that.  But as I mentioned in my remarks, we do take a long-term approach to our clients so that we can sustain them as clients, grow them as clients over the long term and that then, of course, accrues to the benefit of the shareholders over the long term.
Adena Friedman: Yes. So that was actually a technology agreement that we signed with the client in Brazil. So we actually have a carbon removal marketplace that we have a 70% ownership in called Curo Earth, which is based in Finland, but it is a global platform. The largest companies in the world rely upon us to find really high-quality carbon removal credits and suppliers of that. And I think we do an excellent job, and it's really been a really interesting area for us. It's very small.  So we don't talk a lot about it yet. But it is certainly a growth engine for us in Europe to help companies around the world manage their carbon output through high-quality industrial carbon removals, and we're also moving into nature-based car removals. So that's an area as an operator, we're really engaged in. And then we also, of course, can provide the same technology we're using for our markets to open up those opportunities for other markets, and we are engaged with other clients, some of our tech clients on their ambitions to launch these carbon offset markets. So I think you'll see more of that over time. We just -- it's very early days, though.  All right. Well, I want to say I think that's all the questions. So thank you very much for your time today. And in closing, Nasdaq's first quarter results demonstrate how we're off to a strong start in 2022, and I look forward to our continued discussions throughout the year regarding our progress. So thank you very much, and have a great day.
Ann Dennison: Sure. So Craig, on your question about how much. So we don't give specificity at that level. But what I can say is if you look at the index business holistically, about 2/3 of that is asset based and the other 1/3 is the futures, plus some index data.  And just on your question related to the accelerator. So I think we've talked about this coming out of the fourth quarter. In our contract, we have an accelerator that kicks in when we hit certain levels during the year. For the past 2 years, that's happened sort of midyear, end of June-ish. And so we did see a drop. And I think the number we shared coming out of fourth quarter was in reduction related to the accelerator coming off in the first quarter. And then assuming volumes stay at the same level as they were last year, we'd see that sort of pop up towards the middle of the year.
Ann Dennison: Sure. So when we look at -- you look at AFC in total, that includes both Verafin and our trade and market surveillance businesses, the organic growth there was 31%. If you sort of adjust that for the deferred revenue write-down, the organic growth versus last year first quarter was 17%. So it's a very healthy combined numbers in that business.
Ann Dennison: So Dan, I think it's fairly straightforward. You can think about it. We talk about our medium-term outlook for the Solutions segment in the aggregate as being at 6% to 9% growth. And so this quarter, collectively, we put up 13% organic growth, so well above that 6% to 9%. And so that's how we think about it.
