Robert Greifeld: Thank you, Ron. As I said before, you'll be missed and your sense of humor will be impossible to replace.
Robert Greifeld: I'll turn it over to Adena. But I do want to make it very clear, this business is really doing incredibly well across a number of different areas. So we highlighted a couple. But our competitive position as a result of our technology initiatives, our technology investments are focused on the customers, certainly starting to pay off in a major way.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. Well, your point is well taken. When you see Tape C relative to A and B, we've had a greater use of the TRF there. So we don't quite understand why that is, but it is what it is today. But I'd also say, as a general statement, our capture rate as you saw in the quarter was high. And as I've said before, we try to balance that. And I think you'll see us go forward taking a number of different actions which will probably increase market share, but still keep a robust capture but maybe not at the $0.50 level.
Robert Greifeld: And I think with respect to this business, it's important to recognize we come at it, as we talked about, as a technology company. So this is a game-changing release that we're putting out there. But we've only just begun. So there's active efforts to continue and invest in the product and that's where our skills, our abilities I think, are unmatched. And customers are starting to recognize, when you think about long-term direction, Nasdaq is providing it.
Robert Greifeld: So I'll say two things. One, with respect to buybacks, we're committed to do buybacks. You saw the board increase the authorization. But as I said before, we'll be opportunistic. I think, under Ron's leadership, we did a very good job in the quarter buying at the right time. So we're there, but we'll be opportunistic. With respect to M&As, I think any time you have the interest rate environments you have here now, you have to guard against frothy valuations. And we've done that, I think, quite successfully. As I've said before, we have been shut out in a number of deals, but then after waiting for a long period of time, the four deals we've done this year, as we said, are I think fairly priced. They represent right down the bowling alley in terms of what we do today. The synergy numbers are impressive and the return to our shareholders will be equally impressive. So those kind of deals, if they become available, we'll be in the game. If they're not and they're richly priced representing some type of asset bubble, then we're happy to lose.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say this, we're very comfortable increasing the number to $0.40. We believe there's an upside bias to that number for both expense and revenue, but we're not in a position to commit to that now. It's early days with all of them. But we feel optimistically inclined.
Robert Greifeld: And so I'll give you two views. One, on the optimistic side is, the blockchain will change everything with respect to post-trade across a wide variety of asset classes across the globe in time. That will happen. On the other side, you have to recognize that blockchain by itself, and I tie back to what Larry Ellison said back in the dot-com days is that's a feature, it's not a company. So blockchain is another method of storing data and it needs to be integrated into solutions that fit within the construct of the ecosystem we live in. And what we announced at the Technology of the Future Conference, which I referenced in my prepared remarks, is a pure recognition of that. So we're putting the blockchain as a key part, a central part of the Nasdaq Financial Framework. But, by itself, it doesn't do anything. So I think the deep integration of blockchain into core technologies is fundamental and we're on that mission. So we see this as a major opportunity, but we think just somebody out there trying to sell blockchain technology is not going to get that far. It has to get integrated into what happens today.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. Well, the first thing I want to say is we are in love with the Cash Equities business. It's the core of what we do and we pay a lot of attention to it. So, as we get larger and do different things, it's important to recognize we will not do that unless we execute quite successfully in all our chosen businesses, and Cash Equities is really first among equals. So, with respect to what's happening, as you recollect, we attempted of our own accord to do a basic Access fee pilot. And we picked certain stocks and we thought this was a good thing to do. Because when you think about the passage of Reg NMS and the $0.30 was picked as the limit for Access fee, that may or may not had been the right number at that point in time, but it cannot be the right number a decade later. And we have a belief that that number is too high. So we're in full support of the commission moving forward with that. On the other side of the equation, we believe in rebates. We believe in the maker-taker model. But we also do not believe that the maker fee should be so high that it creates activity in and of itself. It should be there to provide incentive for somebody to reveal their hand first. So, to the extent we shrink the Access fee and the maker rebate declines, I think that could be a good thing for the market. So, first and foremost, we believe that high-quality markets are good for Nasdaq and good for us, and we fully support what hopefully will happen in a faster pace with the commission. And we certainly think that, as I said before, if the market quality is better, then an organization like Nasdaq is better served.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. There's one bump and that's when you actually move away from the platform. So we haven't locked-in on that date yet. So you'll see a decline – increase in the synergies and then an acceleration as the platform is migrated.
Robert Greifeld: Well, what I would say for today's call is the intention on the options side is to keep all the medallions active. So we'll be managing the six medallions. And it's important, and almost I expected the question, but I'll handle it here. With our options, we're definitely managing this as a portfolio. Tom will answer to Hans-Ole, Adena and myself with respect to the overall market share and we expect to pull different levers at different times between the different exchanges with the different market share results. So we're happy with the fact that we're 40% market share this week and been in and around 40% certainly since the acquisition. I think the customer uptake has been very strong. To get to your question with respect to equities and the licenses we have there, we certainly have more than enough. We do not have an answer at this point. But we know they're assets and we want to come up with, what I would say, imaginative plans on how to monetize those assets over time.
Robert Greifeld: So I would say that, under Tom's leadership, we've already done some clever things with respect to pricing. It's not that noticeable on the outside but certainly appreciated by the customers. So, without those moves, I don't think we would have maintained the share we have. And as I said before, we can be quite clever about where we allocate our pricing power. So we have the six licenses. And so we go into this recognizing we can and we have some big data analysis behind this to help us serve two masters, where we can more competitively price where it matters to our customers and probably gain some extra capture where the customers are relatively pricing sensitive. So we feel comfortable that we are able to keep share and maintain capture. But, as I said before, if we need to, in order to make customers happy, we will sacrifice capture that has not been necessary as at this point in time.
Robert Greifeld: All right. So the first thing I want to do is put this in context. So we identify ourselves as a financial technology company and, as such, we recognize that whatever advantage you have today will disappear if you do not continue to innovate and move the product forward. We have a massive lead right now in complex order flow. As we gained an appreciation of the ISE technology as the owner, we see that they are doing things that others are not right now with complex orders. But if that's all we do then we will lose share. So, certainly, we have no intentions of staying where we are. We intend to continue to innovate within the complex order flow. I'm happy to report, under Tom's leadership, we're engaged with the customers and there's a path we can take in complex order flow that a lot of our competitors are not in a position to think about or leverage based upon the fact they don't have the presence we have in that area. So we will continue to innovate in that space and, I think, do incredibly well.
Robert Greifeld: $0.02 for the quarter. And so, one of the best investments we could make. So, clearly, as we have more instruments at double-digit market share and we're charging, then that burn rate will decline.
Robert Greifeld: And I would add then with the new products we are coming out with, we're re-imagining the support requirements in using technology to deliver a better customer experience with less manual support from Nasdaq. And that represents a good lever for us with respect to margin improvement.
Robert Greifeld: Thank you. Well, I want to appreciate everybody joining us with this call today. An outstanding quarter for Nasdaq, and as I referenced in my prepared remarks, most importantly, on a forward-looking basis we're doing the right things to continue this progress. As a final note, Ron, again, you've been with me every day since I got here. It's been much appreciated...
Richard Henry Repetto: Congrats on the record quarter. And first question is you beat, on the revenue side at least versus us, on Technology Solutions with a good portion driven by the Market Technology. And I know you've given three reasons why it did so well. I guess the question is, how much is one-time, how much can be – in that will improve the run rate going forward, whether it's the licensing fees, the change requests or – like, surveillance seems like it's an ongoing thing. So, I guess, to give us an outlook on Market Technology going forward because that was a clear feed.
Richard Henry Repetto: Okay. Very helpful. And since this is Ron's last call, Ron, on the outlook for expenses, if you back out the first half, you come up with the midpoint somewhere around $330 million...
Richard Henry Repetto: ...in expenses per quarter. And I guess I'm trying to see what's the – we know we got the ISE, we know we got a small portion of Boardvantage in there, but to me that might be an incremental uptick of somewhere around $20 million. And you've got synergy that I would expect some of the...
Richard Henry Repetto: Okay. Okay. Thanks. That's helpful, Ron. And Bob, one last quick question. Great results. And the one thing I want to ask about is on the market share. If you look at the market share in U.S. equities, it's hitting a low in July. I know it's low volatility, doesn't look like you're losing it to competitors rather than the TRF. I know you monitor it, but how do you think about that, I guess, is...
Adena T. Friedman: So, in terms of Market Tech, I think that there are, as we said, three factors. The Borsa Istanbul revenue recognition is an ongoing benefit that we will see. In the second quarter, it had about a $4 million positive impact. And on an ongoing basis, subject to FX, it should have somewhere in the range of $6 million of quarterly benefit to us. I think that the second thing was the CRs and those tend to be – they can't ebb and flow quarter-over-quarter. There's some seasonality to that. It's based on change requests that our clients ask for. We got off to somewhat of a slow start to the year, but the second quarter was a great quarter for us in terms of the CR revenue. And we do tend to see that happen, and both the second quarter and the fourth quarter tend to be our strongest quarters there. And then lastly, on SMARTS, you're right, the SMARTS trade system is a SaaS-based model. So we have about a $2 million impact there, and that would be an ongoing uplift that we can enjoy going forward as we continue to sell more of that service throughout the clients. So we're very excited about how Market Tech continues to progress.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. So we continue to be on track with the IR conversions. And in fact, I think that we've been accelerating that as we've been going through the quarter. It's been – people are receiving the product extremely well. We've built in an automated migration tool that's really helped and clients are very excited about being able to get access to the new product. So far, just want to make sure that I get the right numbers here, we've upgraded 1,600 clients to the IR Insight platform and 2800 users. So we continue to be on track to complete that through this year. And generally, in terms of the client retention, it is a very competitive market out there, but we are seeing very good improvement both in terms of how our clients are taking the product and retaining our users, in addition to selling the products and competing against our tough competitors.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Hey, Alex. So, if we start with the Market Tech business, I think that we continue to find a very receptive audience among our clients as well as new potential clients. We did sign on a new client in the first quarter. We've renewed several contracts. We've upgraded several of our contracts. That's why we had such good order intake in the second quarter. And we continue to see very good opportunity in our core Market Tech business in addition to the SMARTS trade system, which frankly has tremendous traction, is an award-winning solution, and we continue to see a very, very robust pipeline of sales opportunities there. So I don't think Brexit is going to have an impact on either of those businesses in any meaningful way. And then, if we turn over to Corporate Solutions, Corporate Solutions continues to have a variety, frankly, of sales environments in it because it's a wide range of products. But in terms of the need for, for instance, board portal technology and more intelligent PR distribution and intelligent solutions, that continues to be an area of very good growth for us. In terms of the investor relations products, I would say it depends on the sector. So we continue to see weakness in the energy sector, but strength in some of the biotech and the technology sectors. And again, Brexit doesn't really have any impact on that business either. So I hope that answers your question.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. I mean I think more broadly, Chris, we've been talking about the different dynamics within Corporate Solutions all year, and I think one of the areas that we have had some headwinds is in the MMS sales, but that's been I think offset by continued growth in the board portal platform. Definitely, very strong revenues coming in on Marketwired as well as continued rollout, and definitely a pickup in sales within the IR Insight platform. So there are lots of different dynamics there, but I think that as Bob said, we are moving towards a situation where we feel that we can hit revenue growth and we will continue to track that very carefully.
Adena T. Friedman: Yeah. I think that the improvement in the margin was driven by the core business and primarily in Market Technology, not by Marketwired or Boardvantage. Right now is that we're having to absorb them. There are some one-time costs associated with bringing them in. And so they're not – as we achieve synergies, they will become a significant contributor and they should help us accelerate some of the path to that 20%. But, right now, they're not contributing to an increase in the margin right now.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, within Corporate Solutions, I would say that it's more of a 2017 event because we'll be consolidating platforms and providing our clients new benefits, and we'll be managing that through 2017.
Adena T. Friedman: Sure. Well, Corporate Solutions operates within a very competitive landscape. So we are very, very mindful of our clients and what they expect in terms of the service versus the price and the value that we provide to them. We did make some small pricing changes at the beginning of the year, as we have the right to do under our contracts. But it's not something where we could make wholesale pricing moves and not expect client reactions. So we manage that very, very carefully. And again, it is a highly competitive space. Within Market Tech, we have longstanding relationships with our clients and long-dated contracts with our clients. And so, again, it's not something where we can make kind of changes in pricing year-over-year or anything like that, because it's just a very different kind of business. Most contracts are five years in length and some of them are three years, some are seven years, some are longer. But it's definitely – those things are all negotiated upfront and so it's not really a situation where we can make pricing moves like we can in other subscription products.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, I think that the full-quarter impact of Marketwired plus the closing of the Boardvantage deal during the quarter were the two drivers of the increase in revenue for Corporate Solutions. But, yes, the board portal space and just the collaboration space in general tends to be a hybrid area for us. I would say that it's probably high-single digits, low-double digits is kind of the type of growth rate we've seen in those products and what Boardvantage and Directors Desk have been experiencing. So we definitely continue to see companies moving away from paper towards electronic solutions and realizing how critical it is to have a very, very highly secured solution because of the sensitivity of the information that they're sharing either across the management team or with the board, and that is continuing to drive great demand both in private companies and public companies for these types of services.
Adena T. Friedman: Well, actually so it depends on the index value. So, primarily, the index values did have a decline in the quarter, and based on things like Brexit and other thing that drove different indexes down. And so, yeah, it's an average across a lot of different index products, a lot of different ETFs. So I think that it's definitely a beta much more and there really wasn't a lot of alpha headwinds. It's really just a beta headwind with large market valuations.
Ronald Hassen: Yeah. So, you're right. ISE is in there for around $18 million. And if you normalized for Boardvantage for a full quarter, they're about $3 million. We gave you guidance also on R&D as between $35 million and $45 million. We expect to spend a large part of that in the second half. So you'll see some of that expense coming in. And then we're seeing higher activity where we have gross up in expenses and revenue from some of our Corporate Solutions businesses, which kind of make up that amount to bring you to roughly around a $330 million range.
Ronald Hassen: It's just a little too early to go. We want to see exactly what the synergies are going to look like going into 2017. But I think it's much too early to try to look out into 2017 at this point in time and to give any formal guidance. We gave a fairly good guidance at this point, taking into consideration the synergies that we know to-date, which is roughly $10 million on an annualized basis, and gave a midpoint of roughly 12.40%. But to go beyond that would be quite difficult to go that way. And we'll give 2017 guidance, as we always have, in the fourth quarter.
Ronald Hassen: So, as you saw at Investor Day, I gave guidance on these deals as how they performed in 2015. And it's too early to talk about ISE at this point. But in terms of the other three deals, they're operating on the same pace as their 2015 revenue guidance that I gave earlier. So, not too much difference than what you saw there.
Ronald Hassen: Yeah. So this quarter we had $5 million in audit revenues. Last quarter, the first-quarter, there was $4 million and the second quarter of last year was $2 million.
