Michael Ptasznik: Yes. So Rich, thanks for noting that. So the increase in the R&D expenses was $65 million to $75 million. Now this does appear higher than previous years for two reasons. First of all, it's in line with the new strategic approach that we've been outlining and reflect the reallocation of resources from the businesses that we will sustain or deemphasize towards those initiatives that reflective of the longer-term growth opportunities would like an effect that Adena spoke about earlier. So it's a reallocation from these businesses into the new areas and the new, so it's not an increase in the overall spend, it's a reallocation of resources. That's number one. Secondly, the previous numbers that we used to provide excluded certain initiatives that were included in normal operating expense and now have been reclassified and grouped with our R&D program, and that really allow us to manage these investments in a manner that's more conducive to their growth nature versus operational nature.
Michael Ptasznik: And Kyle, just the other parts add to that is, part of that allocation process is necessarily mean that there's going to be an acquisition of divestiture per se every time. We could also just reflect the reallocation of the resources in capital as we've talked about earlier with respect of the increase in the Market Tech area as well on our advantage basis. So it's really a combination of those things that we're going to be looking at regularly.
Michael Ptasznik: First of all I don't think we said that it's a shrinking business, I think it was lower in the quarter, but that's not a comment of both is the future of the business. And in fact there has been strong activity so for the beginning of this year which in contrast to where it was at the end of last year. So from a pricing standpoint as I mentioned on in my remarks it was a reflection of a bit of a mix shift was part of the reason why we saw the reduction and capture of the more the volume is going through the Philex floor, which has a bit of a different capture right there as well there was some changes to some of the fees to that effect that as well that we did maintain and actually grew our overall market share in that business. Again in my comments we did talk about some of the changes that we were making that with intention to stabilize the pricing there and so that would be the intent we do try to optimize combination of market share and pricing and trying to ultimately optimize the revenue.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, so the incremental buyback that would occur would be with the proceeds from - the after tax proceeds of the transaction and so that could result in a reduction in the overall share count. So again the primary use of our normal buyback would be to maintain the share count flat. And then in addition to that we would use the proceeds of the transaction which would result in a reduction in the overall shares.
Michael Ptasznik: And that organic growth number that you quoted that is really being held down because of the reduction that we see in the volatility and activity we see it in the Market Services side as you know. We still believe that mid single-digit growth opportunity on this description recurring revenue side is there and with some of the pivot we're making, we're obviously if you try and accelerate those as much as possible. So if you break a few pieces of the business, we are seeing higher growth in the subscription recurring revenue side.
Adena Friedman: And in terms of the return potential and how we manage and measure these investments, Rich, a couple of things. By putting all of this initiative into what we're now calling Nasdaq next, which is our internal program name. We have a - a means basically require a lot of visibility around the programs. We do regular meetings with the teams that are implementing the different initiatives. They provide us future forecast in other ways for us to measure how they're progressing against certain targets. But as we have made the decision to either approve or re-approve these programs, we do look at the long-term ROIC characteristics of these opportunities. And each one of them has a different timeframe for that, because if it's a relatively - if it's kind of an extension of an existing business, we might put a shorter timeframe on when we expect to see a nice return from that. But if it's a brand new thing that we've never done before, we usually give it a longer runway to continue to try to grow. In terms of the ROIC, I think that these are the things that we can do that if we can scale them on an organic basis. The ROIC is significantly higher than if you're using your capital for acquisitions and other things. So it's worth taking the risk to try to get a really attractive return over the long-term. And we do believe these are the things that will also strategically carry us forward with our clients and so they're very important to the way that we're running our business going forward. But they do have different - each one of the investments kind of has a different profile to them.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, so on Information Services the margin is really down because of the eVestment acquisition and especially given the fact we have some deferred revenue that we have to - the purchase price adjustment on the revenue in the fourth quarter also brings it down even further than otherwise wanted on a normalized basis. But the eVestment acquisition does have a lower margin profile than the overall Information Services business, so that will have somewhat of an impact. The Analytics have initiative within that the data business has been an ongoing initiative for a while. So that's kinds have been baked into our margins over the last few periods. And even if we increase investment there it's still going to be modest in comparison to the overall business there. On the Market Tech side though that is more a reflection of organic growth, I mean organic investment in both our surveillance for buy-side and our Nasdaq Financial Framework initiatives. And those are areas with relatively heavier internal investment and organic investment because we see the profile of those being very high return over the long-term. And the one thing I would say is when we first - when we first started took on the Market Tech business, it really was - frankly it was actually a money losing business, but we've been marching it up to the margin that started the year at over time, but there were periods of time where it either flattened out or even declined a little bit as we invested in integrations or invested in new technologies to try to drive it to a higher margin. And I do believe that with the Nasdaq Financial Framework investment that's a period of investment that will drive us to a higher margin and much higher growth over time because we'll be ought to scale that business, hopefully provide a deeper relationship with our clients and make it, so that we can deploy more clients faster over the long-term. So there are a lot of benefits that come from that investment right now. And that's what's really driving down the margin this year.
Adena Friedman: Sure. And you are right. We are doing two things. One is we want to move more of our implementations towards our recurring model. We want to move more of our product base to more towards kind of a platform-as-a-service or a software-as-a-service model, and that is frankly part about Nasdaq Financial Framework investment. So there are - parts of our business is certainly surveillance and increasing the BWise where it really is more of a software-as-a-service. The core Market Tech business continues to be primarily a deployed solutions business, but with the Nasdaq Financial Framework, the whole notion is to move it more towards a platform-as-a-service model. But we have said in the past that we are looking towards new metric to measure this business and that order intake is becoming kind of less relevant as the only way to look at the business. So we will be - as we go into Investor Day, we will be looking at new metric or additional metric that we want to provide you, so you see get a better sense of how to measure the growth. But I would say, overall you are correct that the overall characteristics of the business, there's just a lot of demand for what we do, and it's really great to see that our clients see us the best partner for them. I think the investments we're making in the Nasdaq Financial Framework are giving them even increasing confidence that if they invest in us now, we'll be able to carry them into the future. These are really long-term investments that the clients are making, but they know that we're investing in their future by investing in the Nasdaq Financial Framework.
Adena Friedman: Yes. We do see continued opportunity in the banks and those sales cycles just take a while, so we are in active dialogue with several banks, and we hope to obviously continue to drive that growth in new bank deals as well.
Adena Friedman: So we don't provide that level of detail in terms of the financial performance of our equities business, but I think that it's been widely stated and I think it's out there. About 5% of our volume in Nasdaq was issues comes from the closing activity, but that's a combination of a lot of different order types that all come together, so you got the market on close going on close, the balance only and then regular market orders that are regular way orders that come in. So it's really a combination of a mix of things and so we don't break out very specific areas, but as I said before we really do believe that assuming we manage through this issue successfully, frankly we believe that we should continue to have all of those orders come into Nasdaq, and we believe very strongly about that as witnessed by our petition. To the extent that there is a competitive environment that develops, we definitely believe that we'll be able to manage that very successfully with as we said likely a material outcome for us.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes, it is a continuous process and it will be going forward. So I think that it's something where our leadership team is always considering how we are best serving our clients and making sure that everything we do is strategic to them, strategic to us and it's something we're really good at. And so we will continuously look at our - on the suite of things that we offer to the capital markets and make determinations as to whether or not they continue to be - we continue to be the right place for them. We do not have any other specific things that we are currently contemplating. We obviously have to focus on completing the sale to West and making sure that that partnership got off to a great start. That's a critical next step for us and I will take some time to do that.
Adena Friedman: So I mean in terms of the sale, I guess it is in the Corporate Services segment and specifically in the Corporate Solutions part of the Corporate Services segment. In terms of the long range outlook, we will continue to assess that as we complete the acquisition or - divestiture to understand our views on to in terms of the long-term growth of the remaining assets and make sure that we feel confidence in our deliver against that growth profile there. But we're currently assessing that.
Adena Friedman: Well, historically what we have said about listings in the past is that it's low single-digits because of the fact that price increases and other changes are episodic and depends on the IPO environment. So we'll continue to have that as part of our assessment.
Adena Friedman: We remain very committed to the NFX business. We continue to look at ways to bring new products onto that platform. Our clients' remains very focused on it and dedicated to making it work. I would say for in terms of an investment from that it's about $0.01 to $0.02 a quarter. So it continues to be a pretty modest investment, but one that we believe that continues to have a very bright long-term future for us.
Adena Friedman: That's a great question and I would say again we'll probably provide a little more color and details on that as we get into our Investor Day in March. But we definitely see an expanding addressable market. So the fact that we are looking at the exchange base in itself is we've always kind of look that as the potential kind of $2 billion addressable market. You go into the banks and you start to look at market infrastructure at the bank level, you've got many billions more opportunity to go into the surveillance business and for purely in the market surveillance, market oversight space that's actually got a large addressable market and the exact size I don't remember, but it's a large - certainly much larger than what we're achieving so far. But then you also can then look at how do you move and expand that into more of the client side and into the buy-side. So it's kind of in the billions range on each of those, billions of dollars in each of those addressable market. It's a matter of how we make sure that we execute against that and we deliver the technology and the service they need to be able to succeed. But we're really excited about how we can continue to find new opportunities. And then the markets economy concept is one where Ad-hoc we get requests from non-financial markets to use our Market Technology. And it's just been kind of like inbound over time what we're doing in 2018 which is why I made it our business priority is to become much more structured and how we it approach the non-financial markets with our technology and recognize that specifically if we can deliver a market in the cloud have Blockchain as an integrated part of that have a really integrated data layer and allow from markets to be able to deploy faster and new markets to emerge faster we believe that we can really address a non-financial markets economy outside the financial markets with our technology and so that's yet another area of opportunity for us that we're just starting to understand.
Adena Friedman: Yes, I'd say Alex one of the great things about having the six venues we have now is it does allow our clients to have a lot of choice. All within the kind of umbrella of Nasdaq, and so if they're looking at new strategies that they're undertaking and they might say that the Philex floor is a better way to execute this strategies or maybe ISE complexesor maybe [indiscernible] itallows them to have that flexibility all within Nasdaq, but that does each one of those then yours has a different fee characteristic to it. And so it really is a matter of how they're spreading and managing their strategies, but we get the opportunity to have all of that within our umbrella. I think that in terms of going into 2018 we will always be looking at those kind of incremental things that we can do to drive market share, maintain capture and serve our clients and as volume comes up also you've got the potential for some volume caps to head, but we are very confident that we have a good strategy here and there's not - there's no concern within Nasdaq around how are managing this I think it's just a natural way for to manage our client relationships.
Adena Friedman: Sure, that's not a problem. Yes, so ASX has been a really great partner to us every year and they continue to use us for new things they've signed a new SMARTS agreement they continue to work with us on clearing. We are - but in the derivatives side. We have never actually been a clearing technology provider to them on the cash equity side. That's always been an internal system that they've had. So clearing and settlement of cash equity has been a very internal build call test that they've had a very esoteric to the Australian markets very different from what you'd see and other markets. And what they've been trying to figure out our frankly several years is how to and upgrade or replace or advance that technology. And so they made a decision a couple of years ago actually to partner with digital asset holdings. And it was at the very beginning of the whole discussion around Blockchain and we were really, really early in our internal work there. So I think had they made a decision a year ago perhaps it would have been a different decision. But they were making a decision right when everyone was getting started in digital assets holdings was a little further along and we were very early on. I think that if this stage particularly with the integration of the Blockchain into the Nasdaq Financial Framework I think people are recognizing that what we can offer is a much more integrated way to use the Blockchain end-to-end whereas what they're working on with test is a pure settlement depository solution. And they still have yet to implement it, they still have work to do to get to the implementation stage. But it is we're not going to win every single bit of business from every single of our clients. What we want though is for them to see us as a partner. So that maybe they move forward and ultimately integrate what they've built in the Blockchain into what we have across the rest of the platform. So we still have lots of things we can do together with them.
Adena Friedman: Sure. The $23 million was kind of when we run rate it's because it doesn't include the purchase price adjustment that's just kind of within the investment financials when we look at it as a business that's what they delivered in Q4. So that doesn't include a purchase price adjustment. In terms of - and so but - in terms of how that fit into the Nasdaq overall financials there was $11 million purchase price adjustment off that $23 as it kind of came into Nasdaq. And so going into 2018 we still have a few quarters that purchase price adjustment to play out and consistent with what we told you when we closed on the deal. So I think that you just that $23 is a run rate number. In terms of cross-selling I think that - and not only cross-selling but to synergy opportunities from running perspective there are several that where we're working on with them. I think some of the opportunities are the relationships they have within the institutional investment space does give us a chance to look at how we work with them on the Surveillance side, so the Sybenetix, buy-side surveillance platform that we have opportunity to use some of the relationships that eVestment has to get there. We also are integrating the Nasdaq indices into eVestment also bringing some of the investment data onto the analytics hub and making that an aggregated level more available we're also looking at how we can leverage those relationships around selling some of our border leadership tools into the asset management space. So there are a lot of areas of collaboration and work together that we're focused on right now.
Adena Friedman: Sure. I mean as we look at the strategic pivot and the orientation that we have around the business, clearly we see the Market Tech and Information Services businesses is deriving a fair amount of growth into the business, and we want to make sure that we're positioning it to continue to drive growth because if we can - if we can continue to accelerate that growth or at least get it to the point where it's really driving the rest of the organization. Then we obviously have the opportunity to bring the whole organization up and that's why we've been pivoting our investment dollars there. So that we can make sure that we can continue to kind of push that that revenue growth up to a more sustainable level that we're really excited about. In terms of Market Services, the issue there is that we can control, we can control. And from a market share perspective and from a pricing and the way that we manage our client relationships, I think we're feeling really good about the largest revenue pools in terms of how we're managing those. If there is a better beta in the market in terms of the higher volumes that obviously creates the lift, but we just can't rely on that. So we're not counting on that as being a driver of growth, but it certainly could deliver it. And instead what we're focused on is how do we make sure? We're optimizing our markets, so that we can take advantage of that if and when it happens. And then on the Corporate Services side, as we said we are - we will be assessing that the growth characteristics of that business, it was close on the PR and DMS businesses because we believe that West actually has a much better opportunity to focus on those businesses, focus on areas that we weren't focused on. Drive can - kind of invest in those businesses and drive growth there, but that was not our focus. So now we get to look at how do we take the capital that we invest into the business and drive it towards things that grow at higher rates. And again Mike, this is something that we will try to layout probably more detail as we get into the Analyst Day in March.
Adena Friedman: We are reading the news, at the same time you are. So we're just trying to make sure we understand the contours of that partnership that they've announced and understand kind of implications. Thomson Reuters is a great partner to us actually in the Corporate Solutions business and in our Data business and we would certainly expect them to continue to serve those roles to us going forward. But we're digesting the news at the same time you are right now.
Adena Friedman: Yes, generally speaking, we don't view Thomson Reuters as a competitor to us. They are a great distributor to us. They partner with us. They actually I mean we do things like - we've put our DWA data onto their platform for a web share type of model. I mean we do a lot with them. So we don't see - we don't kind of view them in the same way that maybe you do. But obviously will kind of look through what's happening there and understand whether there are opportunities.
Adena Friedman: Thank you. Well, Nasdaq's fourth quarter performance was solid. The team is definitely energized and focused on delivering for our clients and exploring opportunities that will shape who we are as an organization and what will be coming and the years to come as you can tell that's a big area of focus for us and it really is an exciting time to be leading Nasdaq as the industry and technology role continue to evolve. So we continue to work with the industry and other key stakeholders on a regulatory framework that we believe will provide maximum support to our clients while preserving critical investor protection and that would benefit the broader investment community and the broader economy it serves and also internally, we are focused on making sure that our clients come first every day and that we can - we bring the most innovative and creative solutions to them today and in the years to come. So thank you very much for your time today.
