Adena Friedman: Yes, sure. Rich, it’s great to hear from you. And I would say that with regard to the market structure discussions and proposals that we’re seeing, first of all, we have a long way to go because we haven’t yet actually seen formal proposals. But as we’re listening to Chair Gensler and understanding where he’s focused, I think that we’re, first and foremost, pleased that he does really recognize the value of exchanges and competition in lit markets. He’s really focused on strengthening the National Best Bid offer so that investors have a really solid understanding of true supply and demand in the market at all times. And he’s really focused in on transparency in terms of transparency around best execution, disclosure of execution quality, and really focusing on how to bring more orders into the lit venues because, and that’s also focused on leveling the playing field from a competitive perspective between exchanges and dark pools. So overall, we see what he’s trying to achieve, we think is beneficial to investors. I think as we look at some of the incentive structures that he’s focused on, obviously, we see great value in the rebate structure that we have on exchanges because it really incentivizes participants to put their quotes into a lit venue and make those quotes available on the national – as part of the National Best Bid offer, so the incentive structure is really literally designed to support lit quotes and lit orders. But I think that generally speaking, we still have a long way to go to understand what all the proposals will be. And then, of course, that then starts a long process around the comments in the industry engagements to determine what a final proposal would look like. So it’s just the beginning, but we are encouraged by a lot of the areas that he’s focused on.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And I think it’s also just really important to note that in the last eight consecutive quarters, we’ve had double-digit growth in our Solutions segment. So we thought have been exceeding the overall medium-term outlook that we’ve been providing in those segments, which then, of course, really makes us make sure that we have the right personnel and the right team to be able to support that growth, not only in terms of having all these new clients that we’re now servicing from the growth that we’ve experienced, but also continue to make investments in the businesses to continue to drive the growth that they are hoping to achieve. So all of that is reflected in the guidance and in addition to, obviously, the performance we’ve shown so far.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Alex. So we do provide the numbers now on that – the basis of that sub-segment, which is anti-fin crime. But if I give some color around on the two components, so there is two components to the anti-fin crime business today. One is the Verafin business, which is the Fraud and AML detection and investigation technology; and the other is our market surveillance and trade surveillance business. And both of them continue to have healthy growth and healthy engagement with clients. I think that as we look at that business, just like we do with Market Tech, we look at it over a 12-month period, not so much quarter by quarter. But it is also probably worth noting that in the second quarter of last year, Verafin had a truly outsized growth quarter. And so we’re trying – we’re looking at that in the context of the current quarter in the context of that very outsized quarter last Q2. I think in general, as you mentioned, we are seeing continued strong growth across Verafin. We expect Verafin to continue throughout the year to perform along the lines of where we – what we’ve been discussing with all of our investors since we bought Verafin. And we also are seeing really good engagement with the Tier 1 banks to try to deliver those services up market. I think the one thing about that is that the sales cycles with those Tier 1 banks are long. And we know that. I mean we obviously serve Tier 1s with our surveillance solutions. Just getting through the contracting process can take time. And that can create a little bit more variability quarter-over-quarter in terms of the growth rate there. But we see really strong performance around the SME banks, the smaller banks, the midsized banks, fin-techs and now really engaging more and more with the Tier 1 banks. With regard to the trade surveillance and market surveillance business, trade surveillance continues to have really great engagement in terms of renewing contracts, expanding contracts. We now have a crypto trading module that we’re – we have – we signed our first client around. And we also – we’re continuing to invest in that business. I think the market surveillance part of that business is a little bit of slower growth business, and it always has been, always will be at a smaller client set. And there, we had, I would say, more of a kind of a flat quarter – year-over-year quarter experience. So I think all of that adds up, Alex, to what you saw. And I think that we – but we continue to see great momentum in the business.
Adena Friedman: Yes, no. It’s – well, it’s a combination of things. So I’m going to try to answer some of it. I’m going to hand it to Ann to make sure I give you a complete answer. But I think the first thing is investment continues to have good growth. They continue to sign new clients and continue to grow and expand what they are doing. And that shows up incrementally every quarter sequentially. Obviously, there are going to be some quarters that are stronger than others just in terms of sales and expansions of our contracts. I think, though, that what you’ve got a couple of dynamics under the surface that one is just we have now some revenue associated with running programs around secondary transactions for private equity funds, and that showed up in the first quarter. And then I think there was something else in the fourth quarter. Was it FX or...
Adena Friedman: Sure. Okay. So I think we’re going to answer the second question first just because it’s a probably shorter answer. Go ahead, Ann.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And so on a run rate basis going forward, I mean, obviously, it’s subject to the volumes in the futures markets. But I think that...
Adena Friedman: In terms of the bigger question that you asked regarding organic growth, I think that the first thing I would say is we really are pleased with the performance of the business, and we do have – we provide mission-critical software and analytics solutions to corporates, to other exchanges, to banks and brokers and to investment management firms. So we do feel that our solutions really do add value, particularly with these periods of volatility. It’s really important for corporates to really understand how their investors are changing and how to engage with investors. And obviously, ESG is a growth – long-term growth trend for that. With our investment analytics, asset allocation decisions are super important, being able to manage our portfolio successfully as an asset owner is really important. And so those services are really sticky. Anti-fin crime, obviously, huge long-term trend in providing more advanced technology there. And then for market operators, you’ve got mission-critical technology that drives our business. So we feel very good about the stickiness of our products as we’re delivering them to clients. We have been investing across the franchise in terms of really delivering and improved and more modern technology solutions as we go. And I think all of that is accruing to our benefit in terms of the growth rate. But we also – there are a couple of things to think about in terms of their solutions segments. I think that, as we think about going forward, we have really strong growth in our listings business because we still have 9% more listed companies today than we had 1 year ago. Based on the IPO environment we’re seeing today, that could be something that slows into 2023, that growth rate in our listings business. But the flip side of that is we now have 9% more companies. And as they roll off their IPO packages, we’d like to make sure that we secure them as paying customers for our IR and ESG services. So that kind of gives us the ability to continue to grow there. And beyond that, I think you’re right on the Market Infrastructure Technology side, Brian, that I do feel like we’re really engaging really well with clients today. They are focused on the future of their markets. They are focused on how they bring some of this latest technology into their marketplaces. And the conversations are going from kind of theoretical to more concrete. And then on the back of that, we also, with everyone getting back together, we’re able to identify new market or new markets that want to form, and we’ve signed some really interesting and innovative markets in the quarter. So we do feel like that has a lot of momentum as we’re going into the second half of this year and into 2023.
Adena Friedman: I mean, we – I would say, I’m an external optimist, but I do remain optimistic that we’re really – we are delivering really great value to the clients. And so we’d like to continue that. I think we just know that there are always different dynamics we have to consider. And so therefore, we’re maintaining our overall medium-term outlook to the 6% to 9%. But obviously, we have been performing better than that.
Adena Friedman: Well, sure. Well, I think the first thing we should note is we were pleased with the court decision in understanding the critical value of the exchanges in terms of overseeing the SIP plans and overseeing the consolidated tape. So, we are pleased with that. And I think infrastructure [ph] over consolidated data, which is a core part of the last – as you said, the last SEC rule proposal really means that the governance of that remains with the changes. But we also recognize we want to meet the needs of our clients. So, I think Alex, that there are lots of – there are a lot of components to that rule that was approved by the SEC. And I think that is slowly going to start to move forward now that the governance is kind of settled. But it will take some time because there were like multiple elements of that in terms of odd lots as well as the SIP data as well as multiple consolidators, and then they are like it’s a phase-in over multiple years. So, I don’t think we necessarily really fully understand the impact of that, but we also are engaging very much with the plans to figure out how we want to look at pricing. We have a pricing proposal with the SEC right now for them to consider. And we are also considering our role as a consolidator and the multiple consolidator model because that could be an opportunity for us. And so I think that it’s going to be a slow-moving train, it is going to start to move forward now, though, so that we – I think because the governance structure is set, and we will just have to see how that goes over the next several years.
Adena Friedman: Sure. I think I would say that, Daniel that we are starting to operate in a normal mode now in market tech, right. So, we are engaging with clients in person. We are co-locating client with clients in some cases. We are in a good place in terms of our delivery capabilities and we are servicing our clients well. And so I think that’s all great. I think that in terms of the scalability of the business, we are signing – most of our new clients are signing SaaS-based contracts, which I think is very helpful in terms of – both in terms of the products they are buying, which are more standardized as opposed to specialized, but also in terms of how we can support them in a more scalable way over the long-term. But we still do have a lot of clients that are on-prem clients with very specialized solutions and we are still delivering those. So, it’s a real mix at the moment. It’s a true hybrid. And I think as a result of that, you do see some more variability in margins. You see more availability quarter-over-quarter in revenues, but we are kind of getting back to a normalized mode in terms of change request in terms of deliveries, in terms of new sales, and we are really encouraged by the SaaS orientation of the new sales. The one thing I would say about change request though is, as we move forward and signing more clients in a SaaS format, we are going to have lower change request revenues going forward, because it’s less specialized, more standardized, but more stable and very sticky. And so I don’t think we are going to see an immediate change there, but I just would say for the longer term, we would expect that to kind of moderate a bit in favor of more sticky and stable revenue coming from SaaS.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think that we have been – we have had very stable pricing in our auctions for a long time. I think there were some changes that our competitors did a couple of years ago in that space. We have been very, very stable there and I think that we continue to think we provide a very, very high value in the opening and closing auctions. We think we are paid for that value. And I think our clients appreciate the execution quality they get. So, we see that more as a steady as we go because of the fact that we provide a great service, and we do feel like that we are rewarded for that. Obviously, we are really excited about what happened with the Russell, because that was a – that’s a big event, and then you have the quarterly – the quad witches, you have other rebalances. Those are big events for us. We invest a lot in our infrastructure to support those events. Those are really – those are surge moments and we feel great about our ability to execute in those moments. But that’s – we invest a lot to make that happen. And I think therefore, we are paid appropriately for that. But that’s kind of how we are looking at it right now.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And I mean I think the one thing we do say is that we do like our investment grade rating. And so we would work with the rating agencies to understand, looking at deals and making sure that we factor in our investment grade rating as we are looking at and financing deals. So, that’s how we generally look at it. In terms of the M&A environment, it is definitely a changing environment right now. I also think it takes time for companies to recognize what – in a changing market cap environment, it takes time for companies to think – to understand what their true value is over time. Like is the market going to recover and they feel that they are going to be able to grow their way into their market cap very quickly or their old market cap very quickly, or are they understanding that this might be just a different longer term environment. And I think that definitely factors into receptivity to M&A, both in the private markets and the public markets. We are definitely seeing in the private markets, generally speaking, reductions in valuations, but that’s kind of in line with the public markets or maybe not quite so much, not quite as dramatic. And – but again, that’s one thing to have that as a point in time reference for a CEO. It’s another thing to think that that’s the value that they should sell their company at. So, I still think it’s a very dynamic environment. But I think, Kyle, we are always evaluating opportunistic ways for us to continue to drive our strategy forward. But we are really focused on organic growth. I mean that is the vast majority of our focus inside of Nasdaq, is how we want to continue to sustain our organic growth with us also looking at M&A, like small deals like Metrio and other things that we might do is small to medium bolt-ons as we continue to grow out our business.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So, I think that if we – we don’t disclose our ESG revenues separately from the rest of our corporate services revenues. But I would say that it is definitely the highest growth part of the business and it is helping drive to the higher growth rates we are seeing in IR and ESG right now. As we have given out some thoughts at the last Investor Day as to what we hope to achieve in terms of revenues between now and 2024 or ‘25. And we definitely feel that we are at least on track with that. And so – and we continue to invest there. And so as we get into our Investor Day this year, we will hopefully be able to give you a little bit more content and color around that so that we can continue to help you understand how much of a business that’s becoming for us, and we are quite excited about it. But I would point out that there are kind of – there are several components to it. But within the corporate space, right now, the advisory business is actually the highest demand part of the business. But more and more, it’s moving into reporting. So, at first, the companies were saying, 5 years ago, they were saying, what is the SMG and how do I communicate with investors around it. We help them think about their programs, mature their programs. We now have kind of annual contracts with clients to help them manage those programs in terms of communicating appropriately with investors. Increasingly, though, we are seeing more and more companies on-boarding onto OneReport and now Metrio for collecting data and reporting that data out to the rating agencies. And that’s going to be the long-term growth driver for us. Definitely, as companies are maturing their programs, it’s going to be the tools that we provide to them that really help them mature those programs and sustain them. And then the other part of the business that we don’t talk about a lot because it is very, very small, like really small. But within our European markets business, we do have a carbon removal marketplace called Puro. It’s very early days. But that even though it’s – I would say just say it’s like $2 million in revenue today, it’s really small. It is growing very quickly in terms of getting more suppliers into the platform and getting corporates more and more opportunities to offset their carbon output with true high-quality carbon removal. And we see that as kind of a 10-year – 5-year, 10-year plan to really build out a really successful marketplace there. And so that will also be a long-term growth driver for us. But today, these are relatively small, but exciting and growing areas, and we will give – we will be able to give you more content at Investor Day.
Adena Friedman: Sure. I mean I think that we obviously don’t provide specific guidance in any of our businesses. But I would say in our SaaS businesses, the general – what we have seen so far is that we have not seen any material changes in buying behaviors across our SaaS-oriented businesses, and that includes investment analytics, our IR and ESG services, our anti-financial crime solutions and some of the newer sales in our market tech business. And so I think that we really don’t see any sort of significant changes in behaviors there. But as we go into a recessionary environment and that’s hard to predict right now, but if we were to go into that and have that a sustained economic environment that we are navigating through in 2023, I think that we would still look at the following. It is our products are very sticky because of the fact they provide such important services to clients to navigate the capital markets in every environment. In some cases, they are technology that are the capital markets. And so we do think they are very sticky. I think in terms of buying decisions in a protracted recessionary environment, some of those buying decisions will take longer. We could have companies, as you talked about, that could have some M&A and have some on the edges, some changes in their corporate status, and that will obviously have some effect on retention. But again, we are talking very high retention products, very, very important products, very sticky products. In terms of M&A, though, in the financial industry, generally, if we look back over prior recessionary periods, you don’t actually see a lot of M&A among banks and among asset managers as a general matter. On the edges, yes, but we are talking – we have 3,000 banks and we have 3,000 asset managers that use our services. So, it’s just not going to be a material part of the calculus in terms of our services just based on the breadth and depth of the companies we support. And also, by the way, I think it’s 10,000 corporate clients that use our IR and ESG services. So, we – just by the scale of who we are, the M&A is not going to be a huge factor. But we will certainly provide you updates if we are seeing changes there.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I think that it’s interesting. Certainly, we have been doing the right things to make sure that we attract and retain great talent. And I feel very good about how we’ve been managing our compensation in this competitive environment. We have, I would say, in the last six weeks to eight weeks, started to see more people really wanting to come to Nasdaq, frankly. We are a really strong company and we have a strong financial profile. And I think that some people who left the company are coming back, employees that are in some of the more hard hit parts of the technology industry are understanding the benefits of working in a place like Nasdaq. And so I don’t know yet, Gautam, how much that might impact comp, but I would say that we feel good about our ability to attract great talent here.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Hey Owen. Yes. So, we are actually quite excited about the progress we are making with AWS. So, just to remind everyone, AWS is committed to create private local zone within the Carteret data center, which is our primary data center in New Jersey, to support our markets in a cloud environment. But recognize, okay, so if we just take one step back, over the last 10 years, we have really been focused on moving all of what we call our surrounding systems into a public cloud environment. So, our market operation systems and some of the client-facing systems that we have to support trading. But the trading systems themselves, the matching engine itself, has always been on-premise deployment. So, AWS is coming into our data center. We are moving our first options market into the AWS Outpost infrastructure. Our plan is to do that in the fourth quarter. We are on track with that. What we have been learning is really helping us making sure we are optimizing for power in the context of bringing the AWS infrastructure into the data center, while we build out the data center. So, over the next 2 years, we are going to be expanding the data center in connection with Equinix, that’s our partner who really is working on that, and that will also extend our power. As we work with AWS in the first iterations of putting out post in and getting them up and running, we are just making sure we are managing to the power of that infrastructure in connection with, obviously, the power needs of all of our clients. And so that’s the one thing that we are finding it’s really interesting to learn through. But at the same time, we are very comfortable that we are moving now. We have moved MRX onto Fusion. We have tested that in an on-prem environment with our clients as a baseline and we now get to the – therefore, start testing with our clients in the fall in the new environment and to make sure that we are delivering the same performance. So, we are well underway and we are learning a lot and it’s been a great partnership, and we feel very good about it.
Adena Friedman: Well, thank you very much, and it’s really, thank you so much for spending time with us. We continue to be excited and proud of the results we have delivered, and we will continue to update you on our progress as we heard, and we will continue to update you. Thank you very much.
Ann Dennison: Sure, Rich. So just back to sort of how we think about expenses in the context of revenue growth, we align our medium-term outlook for our Solutions segment revenues is 6% to 9%. And then against that, we think about a 3% to 6% expense growth. Coming into the year, we did – we talked about and built into our guidance an additional 2% to reflect inflationary factors as well as the cost of return to office and travel, et cetera. And so that’s all built into the guidance. There is some variability in the way that things come in throughout the year. And so when you look at the second quarter, there is a couple of things, FX, taking that down and just variability and the timing of accruals. And so as we look forward to the back half of the year, we’d expect to come in depending on performance, either at the midpoint or towards the top end of our expense guidance range. And just like in past years, we’d expect an increase in 3Q and that to be even higher in 4Q, where we have some seasonality in expenses.
Ann Dennison: It’s not FX. We have a couple of other small non-recurring items that tipped over the rounding. So there is a little bit of noise behind it. But the core of the analytics business, the asset owner solutions are growing as expected.
Ann Dennison: Sure, Brian. So on the index question, we hit the threshold in late April. And so you can think about the threshold affecting 2 out of the 3 months of the quarter.
Ann Dennison: Yes. All else held equal, they look third better than that particular part of the revenue. It will look a little better going into the fourth – third quarter.
Ann Dennison: Yes. I will answer the question around sort of where we would take the leverage ratios. There is a lot of dependencies there, Kyle, in terms of what is the M&A opportunity, how quickly we could de-lever. I think maybe the best point of reference is what we did at the Verafin deal, where we took the leverage up to 3.9 and on a gross basis. And then we are back down to 2.9 now. And so you could think about it that way. We don’t have a – like there is no hard and set rule. It’s very circumstance based. And obviously, we would be working with the rating agencies on our – on whatever our deleveraging plan would be in association with that, so.
