Adena Friedman: Well, I would say every part of our business is important, Rich, and important to us. And so we do look at – we examine every element of our business. Our core marketplace business really serves as our foundation for our ability to serve our clients in a lot of other ways. So we’re extremely focused on it. I think that we’ve seen some shifts in market share as well as just in a couple of different dynamics. One has been the increase in retail, which has increased internalization and just – and decreased overall exchange’s share of trading. And I think that within that, that’s an area that obviously we’re seeing some more work done by the regulators just to understand that dynamic. I think that the second is, of course, the launch of some new exchanges that have come forward. And they have actually primarily focused on gathering some of that retail order flow and trying to compete for it. So we have really taken a very balanced approach in terms of being strategic in how we serve our clients. We want to make sure that we provide kind of a sustainable marketplace, that we do things in a competitive way, but also creates a sustainable advantage for our markets and for our clients that operate in our markets. And so we’ve taken, I would say, a very measured and balanced approach to managing share, managing capture and evaluating kind of the composition of trading in the markets to make sure that we’re kind of balanced there. And that I would say that applies to both our equities and options markets and how we’re looking at our share and capture and the dynamics there.
Adena Friedman: Yes. Well, first of all, I do think the environment is starting to generally improve in terms of being able to travel a bit now. But we’re still doing most of our client interactions on Zoom, and that makes it harder. It’s also harder to develop the kind of what I would call the top end of the pipeline, the top end of the funnel in terms of identifying new clients. But I do think we’ve done a good job of adapting there to try to make sure that we know which new marketplaces are starting to consider launching and how we can serve them. So you’re seeing that we are still signing up new clients, for sure. They are taking our SaaS-based marketplace solutions, which we’re also pretty excited about. I think more than 90% of our new clients, any new clients that’s signing up for us across all of Market Tech, and that includes Market Infrastructure Technology clients as well as anti-fin crime. Actually, it’s well more than 90% are taking our SaaS-based solutions, and that includes new markets launching in the cloud and taking our next-gen trading system. So we see a good pipeline, I would say, Rich. And we also see that we could do more, and we definitely want to be able to identify client opportunities a little earlier and travel will help with that. But I also would say that on the post-trade side, which is where we’ve really experienced most of our delivery challenges, those are harder to implement. They take – they are multiyear programs. They always have been. But they are definitely lengthening out in time with our inability to be on site. We are starting to get on site now with some of our clients, and that’s helping, definitely helping to accelerate things. And I also think that it’s keeping us from being able to meet all the demands that our clients have. So we do see good strong client demand there, but we have to make sure that we have the resources to be able to meet the demand. So we’ve been working with our clients to kind of stage that over time. And that’s what I think is going to is what we really were referring to in our comments around 2021 and 2022 is just that we see the need for us to manage through those capacity constraints before we can really meet all the demands that our clients have.
Adena Friedman: Sure. I think that there are two metrics that we’ve provided to our investor base to kind of measure our progress in the business. One is just our overall medium to long-term growth outlook on revenues and then the other is this notion of the rule of 40, which is really a combination of the growth in the revenues and the EBITDA margin of the business. And so what our outlook is, is that we expect to be able to deliver 13% to 16% annualized growth over the coming 3 to 5-year period across Market Technology. And that includes the Market Infrastructure Technology business and the anti-financial crime business together. And we do continue to believe that, that is an appropriate expectation of growth for the business going forward. I think that the – on the rule of 40, what we’ve communicated is that we wanted to get to a rule of 40, which is, as I said, the combination of growth in EBITDA by 2023, and we continue to see ourselves on track for that. So you have to think about this as a shorter term or at least a near-term challenge that we’re having to work our way through that part of the business that is most impacted to be able to get ourselves to a better growth state and more scalability as we sign more of our clients to SaaS clients instead of on-prem clients.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And on the second part of your question, the fee base for the switches that we experienced particularly, one of them was very low. And so therefore, that $3 million impact was – is a low revenue impact against the AUM that was switched. I think going – with regard to the new products we are launching, the fees that we are able to attract with regard to kind of what some of our innovative products like the Nasdaq Next Generation 100, the crypto index and the semiconductor indexes are to me more in line with our normal – our kind of historical norms. So they do carry a higher fee base than the AUM that we lost.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Great. Hi, Owen. So, on Sporttrade, there is a combination of what we are doing there. One is we have taken an investment in the business itself through our venture portfolio. And then we also are providing them the surveillance technology. And what’s interesting about Sporttrade and the market model that they are creating is they are definitely creating more what I would call like a marketplace model where they are going to have market makers, they are going to have a bit of spreads for different in-game betting opportunities. And it’s going to be really an interesting market model. Our surveillance technology absolutely applies to that type of market model. But actually the module that we have created around sports surveillance applies to multiple – the traditional model as well in terms of having a kind of your own book and then betting against the house kind of thing. So, I think that we can apply the technology to a traditional sports book or to these new marketplaces. And we have created a module that’s specific to that segment. So, we are pretty excited about that. And we don’t have a TAM or a SAM yet. And that’s actually a good question, Owen. So, we will come back and think through how do we look at that SAM developing, particularly for our surveillance and trading technologies for that segment going forward. But it’s obviously very early days here in the U.S. for that. In terms of other new markets and non-financial markets, we are continuing to support the crypto exchanges. I think we have eight exchanges leveraging our trading technology, nine leveraging our surveillance technology today. And then we also are seeing kind of fractionalized markets like fractionalized real estate markets and others coming up. And there are actually several really interesting new marketplaces launching. And they are all coming on to what we are calling our Nasdaq Marketplace Services Platform, which is really a SaaS-based cloud, and it can be delivered in the cloud or we can host it. But it’s a managed service platform where we provide the technology, but also the infrastructure so that markets can spin up a lot faster. So, I would say though, Owen as you know, this is an early part of our strategy and but we are definitely seeing nice progress. And we can provide you some more stats going forward on kind of new markets that we are launching there.
Adena Friedman: You actually hit the nail on the head. So, we think about Quandl now is like one component of Nasdaq Data Link. The Quandl Data, like the alternative data that we provide to investment managers are integrated into Nasdaq Data Link. The technology that underpins Quandl is actually the underpinning of Nasdaq Data Link technology. But it also includes our market information. It includes some investment information. Now we are calling Nasdaq Asset Owner Solutions data, like on investment management funds and trends there. It actually, you can – a client could choose to put their own third-party managed data into this system and we can basically become their technology provider to making it to all of their data is managed and available to them in a really, really nice modern API structure. And so it’s really an umbrella way for us to deliver market information, fund information, alternative information in a modern API and cloud-based infrastructure. So, it’s really easy to use, by the way. And it’s really easy to take the data sets and integrate them into Excel or anything else that you want to use internally.
Adena Friedman: Yes. And in general, though I think what we have been doing now is in our statistics that we send out. We provide you all an update on AUM both in terms of net inflows as well as market appreciation. And as we have said, it’s really been a combination of inflows and market appreciation that have driven up the assets under management. I think it’s 15% for the quarter and then our revenues has been even better than that for the quarter based on a combination of these things.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I mean it’s really been – I would say it’s really largely inflows and market-appreciation driven more so than futures driven for the quarter.
Adena Friedman: Yes. No, it’s a great question. So, I would say it is probably – it’s a little early. But it’s a good question, so let’s take that back and see whether that’s something we want to start to think about how we communicate to you guys. But you are right, so we have the Crypto Index product that has about, as we mentioned, it’s about $600 million of assets under management there. We have the surveillance and the Market Tech solutions. And so we will come back to you Brian, just to kind of think about how we want to start to provide you more clarity there. But it is early days. And on the surveillance side and actually the broader anti-financial crime side, that’s an area that we are really spending a lot of time on to try to figure out how we can provide broader services across our bank clients as well as our brokerage clients, because right now, the surveillance capabilities is really driven by marketplaces. But over time, as crypto becomes more integrated into the financial system, we want to make sure that we can provide solutions that meet the needs across all of our customers. So, that’s actually an area of active evaluation right now and we are looking at that. It’s a great – to have 2,000 banks as our clients across the U.S. and Canada really does give us a much broader opportunity to think about how to serve their evolving needs there.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So, I think that with regard to the market structure discussions, and I think the SEC’s paper was, to me, an early first step in a long process of evaluating how to continuously improve the market. So, I think what we were happy about with that report, well, a few things. One, they did a really nice job of dissecting the activity and understanding that there wasn’t anything there that that had, I would say, that there was nothing there that really signified that there is any significant manipulation in the markets. I think the second thing is that they really did note that the markets were really resilient and very efficient. And that obviously is a good thing for us. But they also did point out a few key areas of focus. One is the quality of the national best offer. And the fact that so much more of the activity is happening in the dark, is there an impact on the quality of the national investment offer. And that’s an area that we have been doing some work on. I think our Chief Economist published a report on that last week. And that then ties to what are the incentive structures that underpin the markets. And so are we finding that order flow is being moved off exchange and brought into these darker venues because of incentive structures. And I think I don’t think that the SEC necessarily drew a definitive conclusion there, but it’s an area that I think that they will be focused on. All we can say is we really believe in taking kind of iterative, smaller steps, iterative change rather than big bang changes to market structure because it’s such an intricately woven system that it’s really – the law of unintended consequences are high. But if they look at disclosures around PFA or they look at making some measured changes to the PFA structure as well as making it so we can compete more for order flow like sub-$0.01 pricing or other rules that encourage orders to come on to exchange and be lit. I think that those are all things that would be positive for us. But recognizing that we like innovation, we like variety and competition. We think that those are all good for investors. And so we have to make sure we are taking measured steps there. And I got the sense that they weren’t looking at draconian steps and that they were going to take a pretty measured approach.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Yes. I definitely think that there has been – I think that we all know that the competition for talent is pretty – at a pretty heightened level right now. And so we are – we have honestly benefited from the ability for us to attract talent from all over the world. The benefit is that we have tech talent in the U.S., in Canada, in Europe and Asia and Australia. We have tech talent kind of spread throughout different economies in different markets, which gives us more flexibility to seek out talent in markets where we think that we can do that efficiently. But at the same time, it is a competitive environment. We do think that there is going to be increases in wage in – I would say, wage increases as we go into 2022. But as you said, we haven’t yet finalized our budget and our planning. So, we will be able to talk more about that on our fourth quarter call as we provide you with our 2022 guidance. But we are evaluating that as part of the needs for us to compete for talent, but also recognize we have some benefits from having such a global workforce.
Adena Friedman: Yes. Actually, part of Data Link is something called the Nasdaq ESG Data Hub. So, it’s basically information that we have gathered from third-party sources that allow buy-side institutions to get information that they need, whether it’s climate-related information or other structured data that helps them evaluate companies and industries. So, I think that we actually are serving that up very successfully within Data Link. So, that’s one of the modules of battling. But the one thing that we don’t have and what we don’t intend to do is become a rating agency ourselves. That’s just not our role. We are here – we look at it as we have an ecosystem that includes 4,000 corporate clients. They have a lot of information that they need to be able to provide to investors, and we want to support them in providing that information to investors. We then have thousands of institutional managers that receive our information and we can deliver data to them either through ESG Data Link or through our Nasdaq asset owner solutions where they can gather up information they need to make better informed investment decisions. And that over time, we hope that the data that we are helping our corporate clients collect and distribute can actually be served up through our Nasdaq asset owner solutions and not just to the rating agencies, so that they can also control the information that they are providing to investors. But I think that we are just not in the mode of actually being a rating agency ourselves. I think there are many of them out there right now. We have actually partnered with Sustainalytics to start to develop some index strategies that we think will be really interesting in the space. But that’s kind of the role that we are playing as opposed to trying to be that rating agency ourselves.
Adena Friedman: Yes. I mean I would say our expectations are over the medium term are similar to where we have been. And it’s really just getting ourselves through these the immediate term issues that we are having, kind of managing our way through a more challenging delivery environment. So – and I think that the client demand is definitely there. Our engagements with our clients are excellent. I think our clients are excited to be able to leverage the next-gen technology we have. And we are delivering that to a lot of our clients. But we just have to work our way through some of these near-term challenges, but the medium term outlook remains the same.
Adena Friedman: Alright. Well, thank you all very much. I am so happy to have you on the call. We are very pleased to see that our business is continuing to deliver strong organic revenue growth. And as you know, we are really guided by our strategic direction. And we have a clear focus as to how we want to continue to re-imagine markets to realize the potential of tomorrow. So, thank you all very much. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
