Robert Greifeld: Well, I would start by saying, one, it's certainly something that we consider. We obviously are, I think, comfortable with the dividend payout today as the best allocation of our capital. But it's something that we and the board revisit on a regular basis.
Robert Greifeld: And obviously, well-served by Mr. Knight and, I think, the truth revealed itself through the course of the litigation.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I think you got -- have to give it time. Right now, we're talking about 3 weeks of inflows and you'd have to reasonably expect that P&M's need to consider what to do with that money and how to invest it. So I think it's, one, it's too early to say that inflows will continue, and it's certainly too early to say what will happen to those inflows with respect to equity volumes. But it is a good thing. It is hard to construe January is being a bad thing, and I would say that we're running ahead of our internal budgetary numbers right now through the month of January.
Robert Greifeld: That's a great question. What's interesting is, we've digested the ICE NYSE acquisition, I think we, the management team and the board, really gained a sense of comfort with respect to the strategy that we have executed over the last number of years, and the positioning we have in the relative markets that we compete in today. And as I've said before, we compete aggressively with NYSE today, we expect that to continue post the acquisition. So we don't see that changing. We don't compete with ICE today and we don't see that changing either. So I think it validates our strategy. We've been able to, obviously, diversify, to do well -- not as well as we'd like, but still very well in respect of the times we lived in. And we're certainly levered to do incredibly well to the extent the economy gets that much better.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. Rich, I think we felt well positioned prior to the Thomson acquisition, and I think we'll be incredibly well positioned post the acquisition. We have invested in spaces that have some core organic growth opportunities in front of them and we intend to execute the plan.
Robert Greifeld: Well, one is, I welcome Jeff to these calls, I assume he's listening in, and we certainly welcome him to the fight to change U.S. equity market structure. I do believe he'll bring a different dimension to the discussion. Obviously, with deep experience in other markets, and I think that will be helpful. When we look at our plans for 2013, we include basically 0 positive and/or negative regulatory change into those plans. So from that point of view, we don't think there'll be any moves to -- in 2013, to speak to the increasing darkness in the market, nor do we see a transaction tax coming into the markets in '13. We certainly believe that the commission needs to step up to the market structure and address the increasing darkness of the market. And certainly, as we've said before, a large number of stocks is now over 50%, and I think that doesn't help anybody. So while we'll spend time and effort on those discussions, we don't expect -- we're not planning for that to have any impact in '13. And it if it does, we'll be pleasantly surprised.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. Great question. I'd say, one is we're not at our level of comfort with respect to market share. So we certainly, in prior calls, talked about the fact that we were not going to optimalize just for market share, and we look at the capture and the overall health of the business. But our feeling right now is that our market share is not where it wants to be, and we do have, under Eric's leadership, a number of different plans that will be rolling out that I think will address that. And we did have some encouragement in the last week or so from our latest series of moves. So we're focused on it, we believe there is clearly opportunities within the current commission structure to offer more differentiation in how we approach our customers, and it's our job to maximize that opportunity, and we're focused on it. And in no way, shape does that focus mean that we're talking about getting into a compression capture game, we just think it's matter of proper differentiation. So we are focused.
Robert Greifeld: Great question. So one, implicit in your point is that, that we don't see any possibility of a transaction tax in Sweden. In that the government has strongly spoken against it. And the kind of been there, done that back in the '80s and it did not work. Whether or not that represents opportunities for us on a pan-European basis, we can't say at this point. I'm looking at Hans-Ole for some answer -- answering this question. But certainly, something that we're spending time thinking about. It's a possible opportunity, but we're not sure if it's a definitive one at this point.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. So I would say, one, in 2013, with respect to our planning, we have neither positive nor negative impacts from regulatory changes. That being said, if we were to give percentages on one thing happening versus the other. I think there's a growing and broadening base of participants who recognize that the increasing darkness of the market represents a problem. And so I would be more optimistic that in the fullness of time, we're able to make some changes on that. And I certainly believe, with respect to transaction taxes, that it's not something that we've heard mentioned for a long period of time in the States.
Robert Greifeld: Well, that kind of kind of goes a little bit hand-in-hand with the transaction tax. We don't see any movement with respect to transaction tax or HFT at this point in time. But clearly, not here to speak for the commission and they have to go through their own set of deliberations.
Robert Greifeld: This is Bob. I would say, one, our general attitude to each and every one of our businesses, without exception, is markedly more positive than 2012. And if you recollect in this call a year ago, we gave a fairly somber update. So that's a good thing. We also recognize that's against a low bar with respect to what our expectations were for '12. But it's good that it's better. And as I've said previously, January, for our businesses, has tracked better than we planned. Beyond that, it's hard for us to make predictions for the whole year.
Robert Greifeld: So in listening to Lee talk here, it really is remarkable, because the terms and the names that he's using today really did not exist in our vocabulary 3 years ago. So we have built a culture here to recognize that how we have made our money in the past will not be how we make it in the future. This is obviously fundamental in these times where you're fundamentally facing headwinds on a consistent basis. And we build the culture, we delivered results, as you see this quarter, as a direct consequence of that. Now to the extent that the macro environment gets better, we're clearly leveraged to do that much better. But we know that we have to do new and different things. A year ago, we didn't think about Microwave, we didn't think about 40G as a service, we didn't own products such as BWise. So this organization is evolving really on a constant and consistent basis. And that's been the key to our success and will continue to be the key to our success.
Robert Greifeld: So Market Tech, independent of the given quarter, had truly a phenomenal year. And we certainly topped it off with the $95 million in the fourth quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Yes. I recollect that number was inclusive of all aspects of our relationship with the defined high-frequency firms, the high frequency trading as we defined it last quarter.
Robert Greifeld: Yes, I agree. Clearly, the customers in London were giving very little credibility to Liffe's ability to leave LCH in that timeframe. Now Jeff and the ICE team bring more credibility to that, and obviously have demonstrated confidence of that in the past. So that's an aspect of it. But I would still say that the value proposition remains constant in that we will be clearing through LCH. The customer set is there, desires to stay there. And to the extent that we can provide a trading platform that has relative advantage and, first and foremost, is proven and trusted in a given timeframe, I think that will work out well for us. So we are investing in that. We have committed to that, and we're excited about the prospects.
Robert Greifeld: Wonderful. We're always happy to have a question on one of our high-margin growing businesses. And one of the final drivers to bring us to the point where we decided with data and the index business together is that we did successfully launched the product in December of 2012. We obviously have many more things we want to do with the product, but it's a major launch to have the Global Index capability available to us. The customer reaction has been very strong. This is a long sales cycle, they want to back test the data, they want to work with our data, and that engagement has been very strong. Now, one of the wisdoms of putting it together with our market data business is distribution in our data world is obviously very strong and also global. And for that to be really integrated indirectly from both the product development point of view and a distribution point of view will give us strong advantage in the market. So we are spending a lot of time, effort on this. As I said in my opening comments, this is a high-margin business, there is a tremendous amount of growth opportunity in it. There is an established order that is a very high-cost environment. We have the ability to disrupt, in a number of different ways, not just on cost, but also in terms of capability and flexibility, in terms of how our indexes are constructed, and still maintain very high-margin. So we're excited about it. We obviously want to focus on it, from both the investor point of view and a management point of view, and one of the key reasons why we have made it a separate and discrete reportable segment going forward.
Robert Greifeld: And I'll just add for you and any investors who are asking, we have a philosophy here that the quest for efficiency is really eternal, and it's something we work on, on a constant and consistent basis. As you saw in 2012, we initiated a formal program, but lacking a formal program is something we look at, and just to ensure everybody that this organization will always run lean and as efficient as possible. And the numbers you have here will be something that we always look to improve upon.
Robert Greifeld: Well, it's complete flexibility. And what we have set up with our GIFT council is really something ultimately worthy of the top venture capital firms we know in the valley with respect to how we track milestones and how we make fill-or-kill decisions based upon progress towards those milestones. So we certainly would hope that we have the opportunity to spend every 1 of those dollars because all of the initiatives are progressing and doing well. That tends not to be reality. And you saw in 2012, we did underspend on that and that we made the proper decision with respect to IDCG and into entering into a mutually beneficial contract with LCH. And we also had a couple of other less-noteworthy, but other initiatives that did not make it through the process. So it's something that we look at, but we certainly want to go into the year with the ability to fund everything that's valid, that has the ability to grow the franchise. And I'll just say that in my prepared comments, if you recollect, that we had what was $143 million, $134 million, I'm not sure which -- what it was, with respect to revenue in the fourth quarter from initiatives that we'd started in the last several years.
Robert Greifeld: Well, I would say this, I don't think of the stickiness based upon contracts. They certainly vary in range from short term to long term. I look at the stickiness with respect to how integrated is it into the operation of the business that we serve. And as we evaluate these products to build or to buy, that's the key determinant. How sticky is it, how dependent do the companies get on it, get -- to be reliant on these products and services. So as you look across the portfolio products we have, there obviously is some range to them. But they tend to range towards the clearly sticky part of the equation. And the vast majority of the products are not nice-to-have products, but need-to-have products. So we feel very good about it.
Robert Greifeld: I'll just wrap up by repeating, very briefly, what I said during the call. The fourth quarter was a very strong quarter, 2012 was very strong quarter. As against the backdrop of difficult economic times, it clearly has revealed the diversity of our business model and really within our core that we have evolved and changed our products over time. We are pleased with our progress, we're pleased with our strategic positioning, and certainly look forward to continuing to execute upon this plan. We have the team in place on a global basis to allow us to do that. It's a highly motivated, highly professional team, and we will continue to deliver to our investors. So we thank you for your time today.
Lee Shavel: Well, I'd say that, clearly, we saw strong results from BWise. But I also don't want overshadow the fact that we also saw strength, continued strength, in our Directors Desk product, as well as in our PR Newswire business. So I'd say that across the board, we just saw overall stronger corporate activity. We do anticipate that BWise will continue to ramp up, they had a strong end to the year. And we also continue to be optimistic for growth in the Glide product. So I -- in terms of looking forward, I don't want to set a particular expectation, but I think we just anticipate continued growth across the board in our Corporate Solutions business.
Lee Shavel: Yes. An -- just to reiterate what we've said before, we don't believe that the Thomson acquisition changes our capital return strategy in any way.
Lee Shavel: And I would -- I'd attack it this way. First, when look at Access Services, as we indicated, there -- and some more of our traditional hardware businesses, clearly, there has been an impact as some of the firms, some of our clients have been reducing their overall technology footprint. Now some of that has created opportunity for us to sell some of our 40-gig connectivity products in place of the 1-gig and 5-gig products. And so, that's an opportunity. In addition, opportunities to sell them, technology that allows them to improve their efficiency, as we're doing with our FinQloud initiative, as well as risk management products, are also driving growth for us across that business. And beyond that, Microwave initiative is similarly -- is something that we see strong appetite for -- that is going to be generating revenues for us very quickly. So on that side of the business, we do some -- face some pressures on the traditional side, but we're seeing good appetite in growth, in particular around cost-driven technologies. As I mentioned, in Corporate Solutions, another key technology business for us, there we're seeing, across the board as I mentioned, good appetite for the Directors Desk product, increase in the number of news releases that are flowing through our newswire businesses, as well as clearly strong appetite for our BWise Enterprise Risk Management software. And then finally, in Market Technology, we have come through a period where we had some customers that did delay some of their spending. But as you saw in the fourth quarter, we've had the strongest order intake that we've seen in quite a while. And I think we continue to be optimistic that there is a shift in mentality. Our clients are feeling somewhat more comfortable in making the investments that they need to over the next years, as we see this market environment improving.
Lee Shavel: Yes. There always are going to be, from quarter-to-quarter, delays. These are sometimes large projects with chunky revenues that are dependent upon the actual delivery of those projects, which can be subject to delays. So it may, from a timing standpoint, have an impact quarter-to-quarter. But what we focus on is building the backlog and just continuing to try to bring as much of that revenue through the product. I think what we're most confident about is that the backlog has continued to show strong growth. And we're not really seriously concerned about that sequential quarter results here. This is a business we look at for the long term.
Lee Shavel: Alex, we look at all of these metrics. And it really is looking at -- our yield relative to the S&P 500, the payout ratios, but most importantly -- sorry to reemphasize this, but we really look at what do we think the returns on our capital are going to be between our various options of investing in the business, in looking at acquisitions or returning it to shareholders. And when we make the decision on capital management and when we discussed that with the board, we look at all of those metrics to try to guide our decisions here.
Lee Shavel: Well, on the acquisitions, I would just -- I'd say, we can't break out any individual acquisition. All of these -- we believe that all of these acquisitions are going to be accretive transactions for us within a year of their acquisition. From a margin standpoint, I don't say that BWise is a software-oriented business, it's inherently a lower-margin business than our Transaction businesses.
Lee Shavel: NOS is a clearinghouse, it's a higher margin business, that's where we've got great operating leverage. We're going to be leveraging not only our operational efficiency, but frankly, also our capital efficiency with NOS to generate a very attractive margin, consistent with our transactional businesses. And with Mergent, this -- in the index business, a great margin business as our existing index businesses. So we certainly think, additive to the margin overall. But I think it's important to understand the different characteristics of these businesses, particularly some of the software business versus some of our more transactional elements.
Lee Shavel: And let me just add to that, Chris, and try to give you some sense of the expected timing of payout in levels of payout. This portfolio of acquisition, it has a range of potential investment horizons where we expect them to be profitable and to be generating adequate returns on capital. I would say they tend to bulk towards the shorter time frame of generally within 2 years, some of them are longer, 3- to 5-year investments that we're prepared to make. But generally, what we're looking to do is to put capital into projects that we can leverage our existing infrastructure and generate a quick and attractive return on. But we are prepared, when we think the opportunity is substantial, to make investments that require a slightly longer payout. And what I would tell is that we require, depending upon the project, clear returns that are well in excess of our cost of capital and reflecting the risk of these enterprises.
