Adena Friedman: Sure. Thanks Rich and it's great to hear from you. So in terms of the way that we look at ARR and the pipeline that obviously gives you a sense of how well the company is continuing to find new clients and how well we're developing in terms of our recurring revenue streams. But we do -- you will see ebbs and flows of that percentage to overall revenue quarter-by-quarter based on how many shorter term change request types of revenue that we end up bringing in. And in the third quarter, we did have some of that in the third quarter. And so therefore, you might have seen some shifts in the overall kind of composition. But that's going to -- that's going to ebb and flow quarterly, but it should not indicate a trend.
Adena Friedman: Sure, yes. So as Michael mentioned, the restructuring plan is really meant to help us migrate and transition to the new technology both from architect and for our internal market. So I think it's important to recognize that we're really looking at how we can deploy the Nasdaq financial framework across our markets as well as continuing to provide and expand our offerings to our other market tech clients. And so I think that when we look at the benefits that we can provide to our customers across our own markets, it creates more flexibility in terms of the ability for us to enhance our products over time. It also creates a common technology stack across all of our markets, which we now operate in multiple stacks today within the U.S. versus Europe. It makes it so that we have -- we obviously hope to achieve a more efficient technology organization by having one technology underpinning and one technology architecture that supports those markets and market tech. And then also from a from the client's perspective, it does allow us to be more nimble in terms of giving them new features, applying, bringing more data and data analytics and potentially algorithmic capabilities into our markets platform. And over time, we also -- this platform, as you know, can be deployed in the cloud. So it gives us the opportunity to start to think about that for our future. I think within market tech, we are already deploying clients in the cloud using the Nasdaq financial framework. And we will be retiring other systems over the next several years as we move some of our clients on -- more and more of our clients on to the next-generation platforms.  So it's really meant to position ourselves, Mike, to be able to take advantage of the technology that we're bringing to life. And I do think it will create efficiencies, better efficiencies, operational efficiencies in terms of technology build and deployment times better feature function capability and more flexible infrastructure for both us and our clients.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, I think that the foundation of the public market is a disclosure regime. And we do believe that that generally works. So I think the focus that the regulators we've asked regulators to have on these disclosures though is disclosures that are really meant to support an investor's ability to make an informed financial decision. Sometimes there are, frankly politics that come into the mix. And then creep into the disclosure obligations that really aren't meant to be helpful to investors, but helpful to frankly, further certain political ambitions. And so we want to try to make sure that the disclosure regime really stays true to what it's meant to support, which is employee and IM, investor information.  I think the second thing though, is that there are other elements of the public market that make it so that if you are have ready access to capital in the private market, are you ready to come into the public markets? And the few things that we hear certainly are the issues around the proxy process, the issues around the resubmission thresholds for proxy proposals. The -- I would say the nature of the proxy advisory firms and some conflicts of interest there as well as lack of disclosures that they have around how they manage their recommendations and proxies as well as the litigation regime and other things that come with going -- with selling -- going public. And so we are working very closely with the regulators. And on the Hill, there's a receptive audience to a lot of what we're proposing, but obviously it's a process. And, we have seen some real action and movement, both in Congress and at the SEC as they're examining these issues and trying to find a balance between making sure you are properly protecting investors, but you're also creating a more inviting environment for companies and we've been very supportive of what they've been doing.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, what we've been saying to investors and we continue to say is, is that we've been in a period of strong investment in the Market Technology business, which over the last couple of years has brought down the margins, we will continue to make investments. But as we continue also to grow the business and move our clients to a more efficient platform, we do believe that we will be able to start to show some margin improvements in 2020 and 2021. And the idea is though to get ourselves into a more staff orientation in the delivery of our services to our clients and even when we are providing on-prem services, can we be more of a managed service provider to them over time on using the next-gen platforms. Those things, in addition to just being more efficient and being able to deliver services to our clients should allow us to start to show some margin improvement in the coming years. But we also say that quarter-over-quarter is not really a good way to look at the overall margin to the market tech business, we tend to look at things in periods of years just because there can be various things that impacted quarter’s results. So if we're in a period of heavy implementation for clients that can sometimes bring down the margin in a quarter, but if we also have more shorter-term revenue coming in that could bring up the revenue for the quarter and the margin for the quarter. So it to me it's better for you to look at it year-over-year. And I think we're hoping to be able to demonstrate a trend over in the coming years towards higher margins.
Adena Friedman: Well, I think that just the ability for us over the coming years, and it will take time, I do want to say both in terms of moving our own markets onto the platform, we're going to do this in a very measured way, we're going to take time to make sure that we are working with our clients, bringing them onto the platform and then managing it across the multiple markets we have in the United States and Europe. So it will take time, I think it's important to recognize it. It's been measured in years, not months or quarters. But also so when we’re moving on to a single platform, just the ability for us to operate on a single technology, infrastructure, and architecture should provide us efficiencies. The ability for us to implement changes faster with less effort should provide efficiencies. And over time, we can also look at how we want to manage our infrastructure and how we can create synergies or efficiencies by moving some or all of our capabilities to the cloud in the future. But that's definitely more future oriented. I think that in terms of the market tech business, we also are able to start to move people to a more common architecture and platform. And that also will provide efficiencies to us, as well as efficiencies to our clients. And if we also then become more of a managed service provider and a SaaS provider of services that is definitely more efficient for our customers, but that also creates revenue opportunities for us as well. So those are the areas that we're focused on in terms of the benefits that this technology platform migration will provide us.
Adena Friedman: Yes, can you repeat the question we’re just trying to make sure we are going to answer the right question, sorry.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So I think that within the quarter we did have, we definitely saw the composition of our clients, and therefore the tiers. So it's really, it's a multifactor calculation in terms of looking at overall capture rates. So it has to do with overall volumes, and therefore every firm being more likely to hit tiers. But then also the composition of clients, and who's coming in and leveraging the market and what kind of tiers they are able to achieve. And so I think and then on top of that the share. So if you have higher sharing, you're getting just more activity in the market, it's likely that people will then will also hit tier. So I think there has been minimal changes to our pricing, but as you know, we are always looking to tweak our pricing to make sure that we are attracting flow into our market but we're also managing our overall client relationships there and but there hasn't been any -- there hasn't been anything dramatic impacting the quarter. And I would say we are always looking to manage that the right way and but we don't have anything specific to discuss in terms of looking at the fourth quarter.
Adena Friedman: Yes, no it’s a good question. It is a very stable part of our business. But when we look at the ins and outs, I think what we see every month actually is new clients coming in and taking more ports or opening up new capabilities, and then other clients deciding that they're going to dial back on certain things. So it's really kind of a mix underneath it, underneath the total number, where certain customers are spinning up new strategies and other customers are changing their strategies. So and then we have had some consolidation of firms not so much this year, but we saw more of that last year that's flowing through this year. So it's maintained stability, but it hasn't been a grower for us. In terms of looking at into the future, I think that we are always working to make sure we provide the right environment for our clients. We want to make sure it's affordable to come in and trade on Nasdaq. So we don't look to make major changes there to make sure that we are creating a very strong, very, very attractive way to come into the market. But at the same time, then getting the revenue impact from higher share as well as from more listed companies coming in et cetera. So it's kind of a means to an end, I would say. There isn't anything specific, Alex, that we're planning on that I could -- that I can talk about that is -- that would really drive that to a different state to be honest, it's definitely we've considered a low-single-digit grower for us.
Adena Friedman: So I think that if we look at the broader ecosystem first, I think that it seemed to us that it was interesting to watch how it all played out. But I think that we've gotten a sense that that there were definitely expectations over time that those pieces continue to decline. I think the rise of obviously Robinhood and the level of participation the Robinhood broker has definitely I think created; the people have been preparing or planning for this. And you've seen that the e-brokers have been diversifying or many of them are diversifying their revenues in recent years, to be able to be prepared for a lower fee environment. In terms of the impact of the decision to kind of wave that kind of went through. I think that's the whole ecosystem is still evaluating how that will impact things. But when we look at own markets, we get very little direct order flow from retail brokers today; they tend to go through the wholesalers. I think the payment for order flow regimes are I'm sure will be examined. But at the same time -- at the same time they're doing this, they also have new disclosure obligations on best execution. And that I think, that is going to be a big determinant factor as to how the overall brokers look at managing their order flow going forward, they're likely to want to have more clarity on the definition of Nasdaq because it's a pretty vague definition today. And but they know that they have this obligation, so that their ability to manage their order flow, they have best experts [ph] on everything. So they hopefully will also see opportunities potentially to bring more flow directly into the market under that and as well as make sure that they continue to spread their flow to make sure they're achieving the best execution. So all of that is going to be an interesting thing to play out. We actually see some opportunities that could come on the back of that. In terms of the market data side, we work very closely with all of the retail brokers to make sure that they are optimizing their data costs. We have lower costs proprietary products that they can use in many of the circumstances that their clients need market data for. So it's really up until the point of trade they are allowed to use substitutes to the SIP data. And we provide much lower cost products to the consolidated tape, and we have enterprise cap so that they can therefore really leverage that and make sure that they know they don't have an ever escalating costs as they are driving more participation into their systems. And we work very closely with them to make sure that they're balancing the need for the consolidated tape in certain circumstances, but on the choices that they have for proprietary data. So we actually don't see a significant change or anything from this because we already are working with them to try to make sure that they have efficient options and that they're deploying them the right way.
Adena Friedman: And I also say from a CapEx perspective, you’ve seen, you can kind of see how we've been managing CapEx for the last three years as we've been building this platform and will continue to manage our CapEx to make sure that we're being efficient in how we're building it. But that the CapEx does exist today already reflects a lot of the work that we're already -- that's underway, and that will continue.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well, in Corporate Services in general, we have our listings business, and then we have our IR intelligence business, and we have our governance solutions business. And so those are the three key elements of the Corporate Services business unit. And as you can see, we are making sure that we provide the best possible products and services to support companies as they're coming into the public market with their new stakeholder base, which are investors, as well as managing to an increasingly complicated governance structure as a public company. And so those that's why these are kind of strategically aligned with who we are as an exchange but these services are offered to companies all around the world regardless of where they live. In terms of some of the work we've been doing to shore up and create new services, what we’re really focusing on is how can we advise our clients and provide products and services that help them deal with the changing environment. ESG is a big growing trend within the industry with among investors. So we've been building out a capability really a consultative capability. And we will look at how we can also bring products into that mix to provide more solutions for our clients as they're managing increasing disclosure obligations against ESG. And then on the governance side, we made a small acquisition this quarter that really adds a lot of advisory and consultative services as well as really good tools to handle things like board surveys, director surveys, things that really help them manage their public company board. And we can then over time look at integrating that into our board portal solution so that it creates a more all-in solution. But we're going to make sure that we manage that in a way that is in a really value additive to our clients. But those are the types of things that we're doing to continue to build out and grow those businesses in connection with our listings business.
Adena Friedman: Sure. Well on the market data and accuracy pilots, just from our process perspective. With the accuracy pilots, there was a hearing a couple weeks of ago now. So it's kind of sitting in the court hands to determine the outcome there. I think we feel confident that we gave very good arguments. So I think us and our exchanges, did a nice job of demonstrating from a procedural perspective why we believe this pilot requires more review and evaluation by the SEC, and we'll see how that -- how the court -- what the court decides on that. In terms of market data. We're just now in the process of starting to put together some of the briefs that the court will then consider in the first half of next year. And so that's a process that is still ongoing. So that's just from a process perspective. I would say from a point of view perspective. We on the market data side, we continue to provide more and more disclosures to our clients and to everyone around how our market data revenue is defined, how it's changed over the years, what's driven improvements and increases in our market data revenues. And as we did put out a very comprehensive what we call MythBusters piece that shows that revenue increases over the last 10 years in our market data business, only 2.4% of our overall revenue increases CAGR has come from price changes, whereas the rest of the growth has come from new customers and new products and then further penetration in our existing clients. And we break that out in a lot of detail in this piece. And then we also provide other facts and figures that really helps support the fact that we are, we believe very, very focused on delivering great value to our clients at a reasonable price. And I think our actions have been -- our actions have been consistent with that. And so we will continue to provide that type of information to clients, so that they can make a more informed decision as to how they look at us as a provider of market data to them. And then lastly, on NYMEX, we don't have any more information than you do. So we are here running our business, we will be prepared for any competition that comes along. And that's the way we operate here.
Adena Friedman: Yes, it’s hard to know. I mean, I think that we have on the accuracy pilot, we've made our case and we'll see how it goes. And we may get a decision before the end of this year. And then there would be whatever is decided then would just flow through the next part of the process, which will take some time. On the market data, I think it's still months away before we kind of understand our kind of our case in the court.
Adena Friedman: Yes, and I would just say on any new client now, we start to recognize revenue as soon as we start building for them and start deploying, and so with that particular client, to the extent that it's going to be a cloud-based service, it's going to be structured more as a subscription service. And it will be -- it will start to be at a charge that once we start work with them, just kind of how their revenue recognition works. And on new markets, I think that we continue to be very optimistic around how we can deploy our technology outside the traditional capital markets. And we have had some recent news in terms of some areas, some opportunities for us in the betting space. We continue to engage very well with clients in other industries that we just don't have anything specific this quarter to disclose. But we definitely are seeing behind the scenes a lot of good activity as people are starting to think about how to use two sided markets as a means to support pricing and to bring their clients into the decision making around pricing. And it's been a really interesting and I would say very encouraging start to that initiative.
Adena Friedman: Sure, well, we actually do a review every year now just to understand the overall composition of our business, where we're continuing to make the right investments in these businesses, what maybe non-core going forward, which may have been core in the past. And so I would just say that it is a continuous process today. We don't have anything specific to discuss here. But I think that you should assume that we're always understanding and evaluating how we’re developing the businesses and how we can make sure we're providing the right value to our clients. And if we don't feel like we can provide the right value to our clients, then we should look at how we -- whether or not we should continue to own that business and I think BWise is actually a good example of that. So we made that decision and we executed that here in this year because of the fact that, it's a great product and it's a great service to our clients, but the space was changing. It's a pretty small asset in the enterprise risk management space in a space that was consolidating. So we either needed to really kind of decide to lean in and invest more in the business and potentially make other further acquisitions there, or find a new home for where they could have it as part of a roll-up strategy and provide better, better ongoing service to the clients. And we made the latter decision because just we decided it was not core to who we are, wasn't core to our corporate relationships. And we wanted to make sure that we were prioritizing our investment in areas that we see more growth prospects for us, notably the Nasdaq Financial Framework, Market Tech, and our data business. And therefore, that's why we made that decision. So that's the kind of thing we do, but we're not going to do that every quarter, every period but we will consistently look at our portfolio over time.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So we do not we're not in the business of forcing clients, we really do. We take a very customer friendly approach to this. We do walk in as they have contract renewals and they're thinking about making changes or upgrades to their market, we walk through and talk to them about what their choices are. And we then allow them to make their own decisions. And we give them a range of choices. So they can understand that they could stay on certain platforms for a period of time, there may be some periods well into the future where we really do start to try to be, I would say more prescriptive but right now what we're saying is, there's a huge opportunity for you to enhance your capabilities to provide better data management inside your organization to get potentially over time to a lighter footprint, as your markets continue to evolve and to future proof your market. And on the back of that, we have found that I think 50% of new sales to has been onto the Nasdaq financial framework, but not all of them. And so we're still evolving our capabilities. And with that evolution, we think that we'll be able to increase that number over time. But this is something that you should assume happens in slow motion. And we said that from the very beginning, it will take many years for us to work with our clients to move them more towards the unified solution, and we will be patient around it, so that we manage our client relations along the way.
Adena Friedman: Sure. So yes, we are actually really excited about that partnership. And it does provide a true near-term revenue opportunity for the Nasdaq private market based on the partnership agreement we signed. So, it will allow PJT is today the largest provider of what we call GP lead secondary. So when a general partner decides to manage a secondary transaction, one of their funds, they tend to use brokers to help facilitate that and PJT or Park Hill is the largest among these GP sponsored brokers. And so we are working with them, they're finding that they are actually hitting a wall in terms of their ability to facilitate these deals just based on the manual processes involved and the length of time it takes to facilitate the secondaries. And so they see us as actually an enabler for them to be able to handle more volume, more capabilities. And when we look at how many GP led sponsored secondaries that occurred in private equity last year, I think it was in the range of $40 billion. Yes, so it's probably in the range of $30 billion to $40 billion changed hands in the context of GP sponsored secondaries. The overall secondaries market last year in private equity was $80 billion so that includes those LP led and GP led secondaries. And I think that, so we definitely see this is actually as a large total market opportunity for us. We are already working with them on an initial program. We've been working very closely to integrate our technology with them. And so we do think that we will be able to provide some immediate benefit to them and to their clients in 2020. So very excited about it.
Adena Friedman: Yes, we haven't provided any disclosures on differences in margins and revenues yet, I think that that's something we will take back and think about. I think that in terms of overall client migrations among our existing clients, it's still a pretty small number, but actually, it's been really interesting. So some of our larger clients are moving towards that platform, so they might take it for instance the Australian Stock Exchange is looking at deploying components of the Nasdaq Financial Framework into the next-gen trading system. And so some of our larger clients are understanding where the benefits come from. We have several new clients that have signed up for us to provide clearing services in the context of that, we are actually building out and deploying our next-gen clearing solution on to NFF and then delivering it to them. So that but that is something we're in the process of building and deploying, so that won't be, these are longer-term projects. And they take -- generally take 18 months to two years to complete. So we have some significant size clients moving on to the platform, and then the new clients, so certainly the new bedding client, we mentioned last quarter, as well as the client we mentioned in Southeast Asia. They're just natively going on to the Nasdaq Financial Framework as new customers. So we don't -- we have not yet provided like stats and details and we'll take that back as a feedback from you.
Adena Friedman: Thank you. Well, in closing, we are very encouraged by our third quarter results and how it underscores our ability to execute on our new strategic direction. We will remain focused on delivering results against our 2019 priorities as we finish out the year. So thank you very much for your time today.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, thanks Rich. So we're going to stick with our capital plan that we've disclosed, which is we obviously going to number one invest in a great opportunities continue to grow the business that meet our strategic and financial criteria. Secondly, we're going -- we have a dividend policy that says that we will grow our dividend, as earnings and cash flow grow over time. Third, we're going to primarily use buybacks to offset any dilution from any equity programs that we have. And then, fourth, we want to maintain our investment grade rating. And so those are the way we think about our capital priorities. If the cash continues to build up over time, and we -- since we're such a strong cash flow business, then -- and we don't see any good investments or opportunities in the short-term or the foreseeable future, then we will look to return that cash to shareholders. But that's not going to be a quarterly thing. It's going to be something that will evolve over time. And so we'll continue to take a look at the horizon. And if we doesn't look like we have something further out, then we will look to return that cash to shareholders through buyback.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, we did have a stronger audit or recovered -- have reported usage this quarter so it was $9 million this quarter.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, sorry Chris. So the expense reimbursement was in $1 million to $2 million range for the quarter and then in the $10 million that's related to the initiatives that we were executing on, which is the sale of the BWise business as well as the acquisition of Cinnober so -- and Quandl. So that's, that's what's included in there.
Michael Ptasznik: Yes, so we don't have the specific breakdown, but the majority of the expense will come through either write-down or accelerated depreciation. So the combination of the two and it's really about when the platforms roll off. And so the $30 million that we saw this quarter, a big chunk of that was the write-down aspect of it and a good portion of the rest will be accelerated depreciation plus another one-time cost that we have as part of the implementation. So that's with respect to that and we don't have any -- doesn't have any material impact on the depreciation run rate that we've seen this quarter. And we'll just for -- when we give the guidance for next year, we'll build into that whatever the impact would be for the depreciation of the investment going forward.
Michael Ptasznik: There shouldn't be a huge step up in, don't expect a huge step up in the depreciation amortization list because we're transitioning from one system to the other. And that's what some of this is, is the amortization. So we don't have a doubling up of that amortization expense in that period.
Michael Ptasznik: Sure. So on the initiatives, we continue to invest in all the initiatives that we have on the programs, I think, going back to my earlier remarks, some of that is really just a matter of hiring and bringing in the bodies in order to build out those initiatives is taking a little bit longer than we originally had anticipated, which is what's causing the reductions and there's not one specific initiative and where there's been a cut back on. I would say, if anything, we're very excited about the opportunities there and there's more initiatives that are coming in the door. We look to want to continue to invest within that what we call our Nasdaq next R&D bucket. And so it’s premature for us to be giving any sort of forward guidance for next year at this point in time. Again we've been around that 3% mark and of our total revenue, and we will continue to look at how much R&D, we want to continue to invest in the business. It is an important driver of our long-term growth, we believe and as I said, we're excited about a number of the different initiatives that we have across the organization. But we'll be providing much more color in our next quarter’s results. So stay tuned.
