Robert Greifeld: All right so, let me say two things. One we always seek to balance share versus capture. And I'd make the general statement that our capture rate is probably at the high end of our expectations and our share is slightly below our expectations. So you probably see us have a little redress of the balancing. But overall, I'd say we're pleased with the balance that we have today. With respect to the second part of your question, it's important to recognize that with Tape C, we are by far and away, the largest trading venue in those stocks and that's what we pay particular attention to.
Robert Greifeld: And I would say that while we're on track for our cost savings, it's important to recognize that we still have been focused on effectiveness first with this business and I think Adena and team are doing a great job to get us to that effective stage. And then there would be more of a maniacal focus on cost efficiency. But right now, we're making sure that we're delivering the best product to our customer as possible in the best possible way and obviously focused on spending a lot of time, effort and money with our next-gen platform, which I said in my prepared remarks, we're happy that's really moving from the beta stage to a production stage for a limited set of our customers.
Robert Greifeld: Okay. So one, I say the important thing is that we see increasing acceptance from the customers of the product set. As I said in my prepared comments, the response has been overwhelming and that will always proceed in increasing revenues. So we're doing all the right things.
Robert Greifeld: Great question. So one is we continue to see a deal market where the valuations are frothy. Some could argue are irrational, so we're not going to participate at that level. But there is a lot of deals that we do look at. We have a firm discipline in place in terms of how we evaluate these transactions. To the extent there is better value on the smaller end where we can lever our branding and our distribution capability, those are particularly attractive to us. So the answer is yes, we'd like to do more of those type deals, but the pricing has to be right and the situation really has to represent in many ways a perfect storm of opportunity with the core value being that we're leveraging our mother ship in some fundamental way.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. Great question. So let me start by saying that NLX I think had a strong quarter. Not visible obviously in the financials of the market share. But with respect to engagement with our customers we had one of the large banks come live for the first time on NLX just last week and on discussions with the proposed members of NLX 2.0 continues and we're also happy to have come to a successful conclusion with our partners on NLX 1.0. So that's there. We're still excited by their prospects. With respect to NFX, I think a key differentiator is you have a broad base of support and I have to say the support has gone somewhat viral from the natural providers of liquidity to the major banks to the FCMs, to the market-making firms. You name it, they all seem to be wanting to be involved with this initiative. So that's been, I think, relatively easier than NLX straightforward. As I said, we certainly were the spark, the catalyst, but we were touching a nerve that obviously the customers wanted us to and they are anxious to have some competition in this space. And you know in our options business we have a revenue per contract in the teens call it $0.16 or $0.18. We see in this world that the revenue per contract is about $1.38 to $1.42. We could come in at half that price and obviously be quite happy with the margin we'll get. And as important as that is the fact that OCC represent horizontal clearing alternative similar to NLX with LCH. And when we talk to our customers, there is not one customer we run into that says, boy, I really like being in a vertical monopoly. So we're trying to address the customer need there. So we're enjoying broad customer support. It's also important to recognize that the structure of NFX strongly encourages people to be active participants I think in a more fulsome way than we had with the original NLX. So we think that will yield a positive outcome. So we're all excited here about day one. We want to start slow and then build from there.
Robert Greifeld: I think our traditional measure is you need about 10% market share to have a reasonable depth in liquidity in your book and so that's our target over the next 18 months to get to the 10% number.
Robert Greifeld: Yeah. So I'll say a couple of things and then turn it over to Adena. So one is, I would also highlight on the Listings side the strong performance in the Nordics and that gets overlooked a little bit I think too much. And it really has been a remarkable the success we've had there. With respect to the U.S., we are here at the market site today and it's been a wonderful week. We had the PayPal spinout happen and then yesterday Blue Buffalo had obviously a very successful IPO. And we're also very happy to win Pure Storage a week or so ago and as we said before, we have a 70% win rate. So we have a high degree of issuance. We have an increased win rate and that certainly is contributing to our performance.
Robert Greifeld: So I would say one, we have a version of the product coming out in the July-August timeframe, which will address in a comprehensive way a very small subset of the users. So that's a good experience for us and a good ramp in terms of we get to test the underlying technology, get some user response. Meantime, we'll be working on the full production release and your data is correct. So we expect to have a product in place that should address 85% of the market by the end of this year. So we're excited about that. In the beginning, the pricing is not our focus, it's to make sure it's the best product, but we certainly think we have upside to both the revenue side and probably as importantly I think with the new product deployment, once we get beyond the dual cost structure, we'll have a simpler way to deploy this product which should represent improved margins over time.
Robert Greifeld: Sure. Great question. So I would say, one, let's start with the initial focus and that's cap table management. So we have clear metrics on how many customers are using that and how sophisticated their use is of cap table. And that's kind of our first foray into the customers. Then the second stage, we run liquidity programs for them and we track one, the size of the liquidity program and then two, how often they're running it. And then as we evolve overtime, it's going to be how broad the participation is in those liquidity programs. Typically they are employee programs today but we certainly see the ability to evolve to a credit investors or early-stage VC firms participating in some of those liquidity programs. So we definitely are one excited about the progress in a short period of time. Definitely see this market evolving. And we definitely pay very close attention to what I call the non-financial metrics, which you are looking at now this – kind of, referencing now, which will really gauge our progress in the medium-term.
Robert Greifeld: Another great quarter for Nasdaq. Record earnings on a number of different measurements, so we're proud of that. But I also say, we're most proud of the fact that we are again well-positioned in each of our businesses and I think are taking the lead in innovating in a number of those businesses in our pipeline and our new products coming are I think incredibly strong, so we are fundamentally excited about our prospects going forward. We appreciate your support and look forward to getting back together with you next quarter. Thank you.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. So in terms of where we stand on projected cost savings, I would describe it as we are ahead of plan as we've said in the past in achieving the cost savings in the overall business. But we still have yet to complete the full transition. And so are still bearing some duplicative costs on multiple platforms. In terms of the improvement this quarter, I think we've continued to see the benefit of some revenue momentum within the business as well as the cost savings that we've been able to achieve as a function of just ongoing integration, some of the restructuring efforts that we've taken in the past quarter and then some also business mix shifts in the quarter relative to the prior year that generated higher margins. So I think it's a combination of all of the above that have driven us to that improvement.
Lee Shavel: Yeah, Chris this is Lee. Just to add to that, from an accounting standpoint, there are some changes in revenue recognition rules that are coming into play that we expect under the current accounting rules we may begin to recognize some of that revenue in 2017. But I want to make it clear, look, apart from how – what happens from an accounting standpoint, this is very substantial from a cash flow standpoint for us. There is really value that may not be fully reflected in the GAAP results. And we're happy to kind of talk more about the significance; it is one of the largest market technology contracts that we've signed in the business. So it has a meaningful effect. And then in terms of ongoing growth across Technology Solutions, we continue to support the mid-single digits growth across Technology Solutions as a whole. I think it's important to recognize that for the remainder of 2015, as we finalize the integration of Corporate Solutions that we are expecting stable, but not a significant growth in revenues within that business recognizing that we're, as Bob said, focused on effectiveness first within that business, but longer-term, we continue to be very optimistic about the achievement of those growth targets in that business.
Lee Shavel: Yeah, so Michael, I'm glad you asked the question. Just a kind of – there were a lot of moving pieces in the Information Services business. And so as you noted, there was a $6 million change in the overall audit revenues year-over-year, that audit revenues were down $6 million in this quarter. And I think it's important to understand, if you want to try to get to kind of a clear organic growth for the quarter year-over-year and you take the operating impact that is ex-FX increase of $9 million and you take out the DWA impact of $8 million for the quarter, but then also keep audit flat from the year-over-year period, our Information Services revenue would have been up $7 million or 6%, which is very consistent with the revenue growth guidance that we have given for that segment. And I think that's a reasonable basis as we look out over the longer-term for that. I do think that from an audit revenue standpoint, we're seeing kind of a stabilization in that revenue and so we may have from quarter-to-quarter some upside or downside, but I think the level that we're at right now is a good baseline to use.
