Rodney Sacks: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and President, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Executive Vice President of Finance. Tom Kelly will now read the cautionary announcement.
Rodney Sacks: All right. I'll take that. I think that we're in an area of uncertainty. I think everybody is guessing as to whether people are going to be switching from coffee to energy. I think what we do know is that there are substantial channels, which is from the convenience channel to larger packages and take-home packages.  I think that's, obviously, also impacted the certain impact, for example, on-premise, I think the -- some of our competitors have substantial on-premise businesses. I think those businesses have been impacted more severely than we have because we have smaller on-premise.  But I think that's resulted in some channel switching. So how this is -- this mix is all going to pan out, at the end of the day, we really -- I think it's just speculative for us to anticipate. But what we do know is, obviously, we've seen the trends. We're seeing the higher sell rates for the category. We are seeing our own numbers through Nielsen.  And obviously, our own numbers internally in the company continuing to strengthen. We've had good momentum and we've got good innovation. I think the innovation this year has been very disrupted all over the world. We launched some products just before COVID hit, some products during COVID, some products we've tried to get out late in summer. And I think a lot of those things are still disrupting our sales, but we obviously feel that as we go forward, I think things will settle down more.  But again, we just don't know. You're having Europe sort of going backwards again a number of their countries are now starting to impose restrictions. So we don't know how this will all turn out, Dara. It's just too speculative for us to give you any real guidance. I just don't think anybody really knows.
Rodney Sacks: I didn't hear that very much of what you were saying. It was very unclear. I don't know if you heard it, Hilton, perhaps you could...
Rodney Sacks: I think Red Bull probably going to start having a tougher time on comparisons. But I think what they -- what you can see is they've got a lot of impetus in the 12 ounce. We think there's been some increased consumption because a lot of Red Bull's business was done in the bars. And I think people who are just not going to bars but are still using Red Bull as mixes are probably following them in the off-premise channels. And that's, I think, we think it could be contributing to some of their increase.  As I think we said on the last call, I think that the Red Bull has a very dedicated and focused distribution system. And they, I think, stayed in the field and had focused much, much better than not only Coke, but Pepsi's and every -- all of the bigger companies. I think that is -- we are still seeing the effects of that. Their execution has been good. And you can see that in comparison to some of the other competitors who are negative, even though one would have expected some of them to have started going into positive territory. And so that's an issue which we are addressing. They had some good innovation, but the innovation has now sort of leveled off a little bit, but you're seeing large gains, particularly as I said in the 12 ounce, right across their whole line, including the -- some of the original products.  And I think that we're getting back. We've got new products introduced now. I think we've got to get a little more focus and what we've done is we are now stepping up. We have basically created a new division with a street team having -- we've appointed a Chief Field Execution Officer with a pretty -- a lot of dedicated group of people under him to really focus.  I think we've probably been underperforming, and we've had not enough attention in the independents where you get trial and variation for -- and particularly trial for your innovation. So we are gearing up with what we're calling our street team. So that's something new and that we're going to implement. We're in the throes of it right now, and it will start being fully operational in the next month or 2. And then as we get it going, we're going to expand it. We think that will address a lot of the independent channel where we think that we perhaps have fallen a little behind. That being said, we are still obviously growing very nicely. And it's a question of the disparate proportion between us and Red Bull.  But if you look at the rest of the category, we're doing well. If you look at Reign, it's growing at about the same rate as Red Bull. And we think that for some of our new innovation that we've just launched, have been really well received, the Ultra Watermelon. And the 2 juice products, we have some good innovation coming next year. Once things settle down, we think that we will get -- we'll be in a good position to attack that differential.
Rodney Sacks: Thanks. On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally.  We believe that we will be able to navigate through the challenges ahead as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and hope that this unfortunate situation will resolve itself in the not-too-distant future. We believe that we are well positioned in the energy drink category and continue to be optimistic about our total portfolio of energy drink brands we hope that you will stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: Maybe I can just add a little color, if you wouldn't mind. So what we're seeing is that caffeine is a need state for consumers, okay? And we're also seeing that energy drinks are an affordable luxury. So even though people are at home in greater quantities than they've been before, they're drinking more energy drinks and they could very much as well drink coffee, which they're doing, which is obviously the cup is cheaper than an energy drink.  So I think we're not going to go back to where we were before. We're going to go back to somewhere that's kind of in the middle of where we were and where we are now. And so my color is -- and I don't give guidance, we never give guidance. But if I'm thinking about the category and the category growth that has been sustained in this time of COVID, it's -- you can enjoy your own conclusions, but that's the kind of color that I've been thinking of.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. So what happened, and we can go through the history on that, but what happened was that our bottlers decreased inventories, and we spoke about that. And then there comes a time when they have to order to get to inventories back to where they should be, bearing in mind the depletions. So there's been a steady percentage growth in depletions, which were not sort of matched by orders.  And so what you've seen in the quarter is a steady rebuild of inventories in the distribution system in order to support the growth at retail. And also what happened in the quarter was that many of our bottlers were back, particularly in the U.S. in more full force, so they were covering the stores in a better frequency than they had in the past. So that's where we saw that acceleration.  And then your second question was about EMEA. And I would refer you to what happened in the first and second quarters in EMEA. The third quarter, particularly in EMEA, was really strong. But the EMEA guys felt there was still a lot of runway. So we know what October is and we've spoken about October. In November and December, we'll -- as again, we don't give guidance, but we don't know what the impact of the lockdowns are going to be, but we've got some sense for what happened earlier this year.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. The only thing I would add is that the energy drink category is not as seasonal, as for example, sodas and other soft drinks and beer. And it is 0-calorie. It's on trend. We're seeing higher rates of sales in some of our major retailers. So as we transition into the January's and the better-for-you months, it's really very much on trend.
