Rodney Sacks: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I am Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and my Co-Chief Executive Officer is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: Well, I think, it’s important to understand that we have large unmeasured channels. And when one looks at Nielsen or IRI numbers, one doesn’t really appreciate that the company operates through -- customers that do not participate in Nielsen or are not measured by Nielsen. And in addition a number of chain stores that allow pickup of products or ordering online, those numbers are not included within the all major channels that we see on the Nielsen. They included in the stores data, but they are not included in the all measured channels. Why? I really cannot answer that question. So there are a number of factors. The business was strong. We had a good October and those are the numbers. So, I really cannot comment anymore.
Rodney Sacks: Yeah. So, remember, that number of both convenience and chain and other large stores discontinued the Bang brand during a period where there was a litigation and also with the products were questionable as regards to labeling. So there was a lot of discontinuation of Bang throughout the system. What we are doing and what our Coke bottlers are doing is regaining the distribution that is out there for Bang and also we are as a company making presentations to the large and smaller retailers, both convenience, grocery, mass, and obviously, the club channel to ensure that Bang is restocked in their sets. So that will take a little bit of time, it doesn’t happen overnight and we are hopeful that we will be able to achieve really very much extended distribution in the new sets as they come out. And then on your second question regarding the smaller brands, already we have a mission that’s focused on our brands and our brand families, and I really don’t want to comment on the competition. Other than to say that we have a very comprehensive portfolio here and we believe that we are in a good position to focus and build upon our own sales, while recognizing the achievements of the competitors and the positioning of the competitors.
Rodney Sacks: Yeah. We have set our sales team an objective and that is they are not compromise any of our existing shelf space to incorporate the Bang brand. The Bang brand has emerged as a lifestyle brand and we believe it should be positioned in a -- hopefully in a separate cooler away from the energy beverages that includes the wellness beverages and the performance beverages and that’s the mission that we are focusing on with our sales teams.
Rodney Sacks: Well, generally when you have a price increase in our industry, it takes 60 days to 90 days to get pricing adjusted in the U.S. market. I think where we are is, we are evaluating the competition, and obviously, we are reevaluating Red Bull and their pricing and we will see where it goes. They took -- because of promotions they took a lot less in 2022 than was originally expected. So I think we just watching for what happens with demand and the elasticity of demand and we are in a really difficult consumer environment, not necessarily for energy drinks as you have heard on this call. But I think we have to be very wary and watch and see and we will evaluate what makes sense for us and time we will make a decision. I mean we have always said that if there is an opportunity to take price, we will, but we are also very cognizant of the fact that, we don’t want to lose a bunch of market share in the process. And then, Mark, you referred earlier to Bang, and yes, the Coke bottlers during the month of September got Bang back in as many shelves as they were authorized to get product back. And yes, of course, there was an increase in September, but -- and October, and we will continue seeing the development of Bang as we get more and more shelf space authorized to -- for the brand. But as always, we don’t give guidance on these calls and but I will just say that, we are all optimistic here about the future and the potential of the brand otherwise we wouldn’t have done the acquisition.
Rodney Sacks: I think Monster has always been our lead brand and will continue to be the lead brand. So, ultimately, we focus on Monster itself. And then, we look at the broader portfolio, we look at the category. The category has got grown in the last couple of years and it’s much, much broader than it was and so we think that Monster’s positioning should stay as it is, it’s got -- its positioning, it’s got its authenticity and credibility for what it stands for and it can’t be everything to all consumers. And that’s why these other brands play a really important role for the company and enable us to actually attack other parts of the category, other consumers who have different values and have different need states, whether it’s from NOS to Reign. You saw the results of Reign have increased and sales have really been very healthy. So that brand is doing very well with its positioning, which is different to the positioning we have got for Rainstorm. And then, the same thing that, as Hilton mentioned earlier, we have sort of -- we have taken the positioning of -- for Bang as sort of more of a lifestyle brand. Again, it has its own positioning. The cans, as you know, in the last few years has changed from being a black can, more performance orientated to be a white can, more lifestyle orientated. So there are different positionings, different price points, we think that we will get incremental space for these other brands in joining coolers or additional coolers space, where you are having the -- where you are finding more space being allocated to the clean energy or natural or sort of healthier perception energy brands. As you -- also look at sizes, Rainstorm is in a 12-ounce cans versus our traditional Reign brand in a 60-ounce black can. So these are ways that we are able to distinguish these different products and find a place for each of them on the shelf and to attract different consumers. And so, if you look at the whole portfolio, we think it actually fits together quite nicely and we see growth coming from all of these different levels, but still 100% our main brand remains and our focus is obviously Monster, which is the driver for the company and will continue to be so.
Rodney Sacks: Thanks. On behalf of the company, I’d like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad. And in particular capitalizing on our relationship with the Coca-Cola bottler system. We believe that we are well-positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you remain safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Peter Grom: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon, guys. Hope you are doing well. So maybe one housekeeping question…
Peter Grom: … and then one real question here. I guess, on just the Bang Transaction, I apologize if I missed this, but did you mention how much of a contribution the transaction was to sales in the quarter? And then, I guess, just my real question here is, I would love to get some more color on the quarter-to-date trends you just mentioned. I think it was 25% or so, much better than what we can see in the track data. So can you maybe unpack the drivers of that? Is that simply just much stronger growth in international markets or is there any sort of sales pull-forward or timing impacts that we need to take into consideration? Just any color there I think would be really helpful. Thanks.
Peter Grom: Yeah. I was just trying to understand, I think you mentioned 25% or so, it’s just a lot different or stronger than what we can see in track data even after backing out kind of the Bang drag. So I just was trying to get some color in terms of what were the drivers of that, is it simply stronger growth outside the U.S. or is it -- is there any sort of timing contributions or pull-forward in sales, just any color you can provide I think would be really helpful.
