Rodney Cyril Sacks: We think that it is – there's not a general rule across the board. In certain markets, the transition has been less noticeable. In some markets, it has taken some of the newer bottlers, has taken them some time to get up to speed and we are seeing some sort of disruption in delivery schedules and et cetera. But overall, we are seeing improvements and benefits. So we are positive about the transition. It's a question of just, there is some sort of noise during the transitional periods as they've had to get up to speed. I think Hilton's got some...
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah. And I think that as we continue to secure increased production in the U.S., which is what we're now doing, those costs will come down. So really, it's been a temporary increase just to the extent that we have been importing, obviously, to supplement our products, yeah, we're still at all times have been getting the vast majority of our production in the U.S. And so, we obviously do have a shipping charge, but as Hilton has indicated, that's been negated by the increase, and going forward, we think that will become less relevant and we will increase those margins again.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: We still haven't got a really accurate handle on the reason for the slowdown in convenience. We've all been puzzled in the beverage industry, generally. There are a number of speculative reasons that have come out over the period of time. We were talking to the Coke bottlers, and everybody's got theories. But it has been a slowdown which has been sort of unusual for us in these times. It is starting to pick up. We are seeing some positive signs, both in the CMD (33:13) category and sector and generally.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah, I agree. And then the other one that has been, again, more anecdotal is the Trump effect just on Hispanic foot traffic into the convenience stores seems to have also dropped off a little bit.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Just going back to the coffee question. We think that there still will be a drag from July, but we're seeing every month, we are seeing improved deliveries, and we think that we will be fully up to speed towards the end of the quarter. So we think that there will be – still be some drag, some reduction, shortages going forward, but we think it will be reduced, but to the extent we're not sure. And obviously, we're right in the phase now of getting production, and that means getting back our shelf space and that will take a bit of time. With regard to Hydro, your point is noted, and that is correct that the ACV at the moment is at about 40%. So we've obviously still got some work to do to get Hydro out and get it – again, it was sort of launched a little bit off cycle. And so we are getting it into the chains and into the stores, but it is taking some time. But again, there are all sort of supplier constrictions on the number of packages we're able to put out. This obviously is of concern to us, but unfortunately, we do believe in the package. We feel that the package is important for the product to create the right image and the right personality around the brand and the product. So we are continuing to address the supply issues, and literally, we're selling all we can supply. So we will continue to, I think, improve the supply situation and as that goes, so we will continue to supply – to increase and improve our distribution. But that's really a positive side of the brand, that it is pulling and it has received good consumer response. We are looking at addressing the brand with an additional package, which won't have the same supply constraints, a slightly larger-sized bottle. And we believe we'll be able to launch that and get that on the shelves at the same time as the can. And that will supplement we believe the can and consumer demand. The consumer will have a choice, but we do not want to replace the can with a similar-sized bottle. This will be a larger bottle where at the moment we haven't finalized the exact size, but it's probably likely to be about a 750 mL size, resealable. So we're looking to have both products. We're also looking to have different flavors in the bottle. So there will be a choice of additional flavors and hopefully we'll be able to get to that and solidify our shelf space and therefore satisfy consumers and retailers so that there will always be a supply of Hydro on the shelves, even though there may at times be some shortages in the can size, until we get those supply issues rectified.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Well, if you look at mass markets, it really is very varied. It depends on the maturity of the market. As you say, you've got most of the European markets with a lot more SKUs, but even within the European markets there is a tremendous disparity between what you've got on shelves in the UK and Germany and Spain versus other markets. And it varies pretty dramatically. You also have a lot of the, what I call the sub lines, the strategic lines that we've got, the families that haven't yet even been launched. We've launched Ultra, but you really have no coffee and you have very little Rehab in Europe. And we've just sort of going up with Punch and repositioning the juice line. But again, we've launched Hydro pretty much in the United Kingdom and Ireland, but we are looking to launch Hydro quite quickly not everywhere but in a number of selected markets in Europe, including South Africa. We think there is a good potential for the brand. So out of that you go to South America and Asia, the SKUs are much, much more limited. And so we've got just a lot of potential. Even if you go down to places like Chile where we're doing a lot of business there, there still is a pretty much a handful or so of SKUs. So there is a lot of potential. But if you looked at it sort of on average, I would say you're looking at probably 30% to 40% of the SKUs on average in overseas markets versus the U.S., just as a very, very broad thumb suck (40:55) across a number of – but that's not on a weighted or on any sort of statistical analysis. That's just pretty much anecdotally our gut feel.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: All we can really say is that if you look at the Nielsen numbers, as you said, you are seeing that increase. We're seeing it as well. So we seem to be ahead of the Nielsen, generally, continuing to get share both internationally and in the U.S. So there's nothing that's inconsistent with our previous growth in the quarter that we're seeing in the month of July. It just is doing better generally across the board. With regard to Java and Muscle Monster, where we sat incremental, I mean, we've lost shelf space, but even if you look at Java, I was looking at the numbers on all major channels. Even for our two main Java products which we've basically been in stock most of the time this year, our distribution is down at about 71%, whereas in our other top brands we're in the high 80%s and low 90%s. So they've clearly lost some distribution even for the two main SKUs. The others, if we look at salted caramel, which we introduced quite a bit of time ago, that's at 40%. So we've got a lot of opportunity. We've just got to get supplies back and that is one of the reasons that we hesitated a bit earlier. Because it's one thing getting back supplies in line, it's another thing making sure that we have those supplies on a consistent basis before we go back out and reestablish shelf space and get back shelf space because we obviously don't want another hiccup with retailers. So we really do have quite a bit of upside potential in just improving our supply channels, having products on shelf, getting back our listings for not only the line extensions, (44:50) and salted caramel and Irish, but even just getting back our distribution levels and consistency with Mean Bean and Loca Moca. So we look at that as being, positive and it is going to start basically taking place during this quarter. But it's going to be on an increased rolling basis and we think that by the fourth quarter, we will very much be back into where we were and we look at the coffee category growing pretty well. And that's been slowed down, I think even with the issues we've had and with our competitors. But we think that's going to continue to grow and move back into growth. With regard to Muscle Monster, it's the same issue, which is supply. We are also looking and evaluating and going to relaunch and reposition the Muscle Monster in an aseptic plastic bottle, which will be a resealable bottle. So Muscle Monster is going move into a plastic bottle, we think hopefully still later this year. We've done some testing with the bottle and the labeling and hopefully that's going to be a position to start in the next few months. And so that transition we think will be a positive transition for Muscle Monster to also get it back and give it a kickstart again because we are positive about that sector, which we think we are under-represented in at the moment. So that's another source of, we think, some potential upside.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad. And in particular to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We're also particularly excited by the new opportunities that we have going forward with the portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world comprised of our Monster Energy Brand, together with the strategic brands, as well as Mutant. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: I think the only thing I wanted to make was that anecdotally, as we looked at the independent bottlers over the years, their performance relative to the company bottlers has actually been better. So I think we're looking for better performance from these bottlers as refranchising takes place.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: We had a price increase in Java Monster effective January 1. And what we have seen is that the increase in finding the price increase has actually been kind of equivalent to the increased costs that we're sustaining by bringing product from Europe. So it's basically been a wash.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: I think one of the other things is that our convenience store customers have also been concerned about foot traffic. And while no one could put their hands on it, there's lots of speculation, as Rodney said. One of the points that was raised by the bottlers at the recent meeting that we attended was that the SNAP program and the reduction in benefits under the SNAP program could have an impact on lower convenience store traffic. So I just put that out as an additional possibility.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Okay. So as we look at our increase in July, and we always give a lot of caveats because it's very early in the month, that 14.7% that we spoke about that was internationally, that wasn't in the U.S. So I'm not sure, your reference to that being in the U.S., that's a group consolidated number. Also, we don't traditionally break down our increase in gross sales by market area, and I don't think we want to start that because I don't think we've done that in the past. So I'm not going to give that number, but the 14.7% is a consolidated number. As we said, it's 13.8% and 14.7% on a foreign exchange adjusted basis.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Yeah, just to be clear, we utilized the production capacity that was available to us with Java Monster for our top-selling SKUs. So we decided we were not going to bring those SKUs from Europe because we didn't want to disturb the flavor profile. We wanted to maintain the flavor profile. So those two products, the main two products in the Java Monster line, we kept with production here.
