Rodney Sacks: We still think it's probably in the 6% area, but that's really where we are. That's as much as we've sort of focused on it.
Rodney Sacks: Well, SG&A was I think around $84 million. That's really hard to say. Obviously, going forward, we are trying to keep our promotional and endorsement costs and that sort of marketing line level and to, obviously, leverage increased sales against that in the 2011 year. But it's just difficult for us to say. We’re obviously -- we're also relooking at our payroll in the light of the increased cost and just looking at how we deal with it. And we think that legal costs were probably extraordinarily high in 2010, and we think we may be able to see lower costs going forward again. But these are in the hands of lawyers and litigation and things that arise, which sometimes are out of our control. But we do have some extensive litigation regarding a trademark in a number of other areas in 2010.
Rodney Sacks: Hitman was about -- it was about $21 million in '09 and was about three launches. The variance was about $17.5 million.
Rodney Sacks: Nielsen is different to our number. We report our numbers to our customers. In some cases, we have some direct sales to stores. In most cases, our numbers are sales to basically our wholesalers and distributors. So there is a difference in timing, which we really just can't speak to. But if we make some allowance for the buy-in in 2009, and we've done sort of our own calculation. But again, it's not a fixed figure, which is what we were talking about just a couple of minutes ago. The increase is probably closer to where we estimate around the 12% level, which doesn't account for a large portion of that difference that you've referred to. But again, what we are seeing is a substantially improved position, which I'll refer to later in the call in my closing remarks regarding the sales in the first two months of this year, which do show an increased trend perhaps at/or above the Nielsen numbers. But I'll get to that a bit later when I sum up the results.
Rodney Sacks: I can tell you, for example, the U.K. market, we had a lot of good growth in the U.K. market, which is one of the larger markets that we're in for more than a year. Canada, we're up very much in Canada year-over-year. As I said, I indicated we had a bit of a disruption in Mexico. But I think that our actual sales in Mexico, which is different -- our customer sales in Mexico were higher in the year. So sales generally in this -- what I'd call the more established markets have continued to increase. There are a couple of markets in Europe where there were sales. The increases were a little lower than we would have liked, and we're taking steps to address those. But by and large, the established markets did increase sales. So it's not all being driven by new markets. In fact, the majority are being driven by the existing markets.
Rodney Sacks: We feel that by making the adjustment, because we have the largest size, we still have efficacy in our product with that and the other ingredients. And we believe that by making the adjustment we did that our products are not subject to the 25% tax. So we believe that will be positive for the brand.
Rodney Sacks: We will see what the rest of the industry does as we go through the year, as we leave ourselves flexible to reevaluate that as we go forward. So it's not as though whatever decision we make, we're going stay with right through the year.
Rodney Sacks: It's about right. We started to, obviously, spend in particularly in a lot of the countries where we launched late last year. In Europe, we had, obviously, we have to get point-of-sale and other things -- incur other costs pretty much in advance. Similarly, [ph] you have to advance of launching new products, whether it be Worx and Rehab, et cetera. So obviously, we have made quite a lot of investment in coolers and a lot of these point-of-sale. We, obviously, are trying to keep that down. And hopefully, we'll be able to keep that reasonably flat going forward in the first quarter.
Rodney Sacks: Perhaps you're right. I was going to probably -- it will give you some sort of indication. Although we haven't yet closed the -- obviously, we still got some days and we got deliveries still to work out exactly what we deliver to the end of February. But pretty much, our sales in the company for the first two months of 2011 over 2010 are up in excess -- or expected to be close the month in excess of 50% higher than last year. If you do an adjustment for the buy-in and just using rough figure of about $20 million, it still leaves us well up over 35%, in excess of 35% higher than in 2010 after that adjustment for allowing for that. And that's what I referred earlier to in response to Judy, where I said that in fact, the timing is not exactly something we can account for. But certainly, we are seeing the increased momentum, and we are seeing the increased sales, which we're obviously pleased to see coming in -- in the first quarter of this year. And we're just now really starting the advertising for Worx, and we're hoping to see some response to that. And then obviously, we feel quite good about the new Monster Rehab brand, which we are launching in March.
Rodney Sacks: It's hard. It also depends on the timing of where we launch in different countries, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe this year. But we launched in a number of countries late last year, which was Switzerland, Austria, Bulgaria. We are planning to launch a number of countries going forward in Central and Eastern Europe this year, the first part of the year. And it's necessary for us to, obviously, incur costs in advance of that, whether it's payroll cost, setting up. There are a number of costs that go in advance. So it’ll all depend on where we end up. And if we end up doing most of the new launches in the beginning of the year, you'll end up with those costs now. They're not repeatable. But if we start and we find it opportune and appropriate to get into some of the bigger Eastern European countries that we are looking at later in the year, then we may have that investment going forward. But I think that as we continue to increase our sales in Europe and internationally, the effect of those sort of proprietary expenditures will start having a smaller effect as our base continues to increase, which is what we are seeing now. Because we're starting to see some nice numbers coming out of Europe, which is really starting to level off the cost of these sort of anomalies that we have seen in the last year to 18 months. Again, I just wanted to reiterate again, so the numbers I'm saying refer to the adjusted sales on a company-wide basis, and that we are saying that we anticipate the first months being in excess of 35%, that is after making basically an allowance of a figure of approximately $20 million for the buy-in in '09 to try and normalize that.
Rodney Sacks: In closing, again, we basically -- the indications I gave you of the two months should not be taken as indicative of where we're going to end up in the quarter. I mean, we just don't know. We're obviously trying, and to some extent, even see how we're going to end up the second month of the year, which is February. But obviously, we are pleased with the results to date and the direction that we seem to be heading. And the general market has been doing quite nicely in the energy drink market.  So all round, we are positive going forward. As we indicated in the call, again, I reiterate we have done some advance spending. And obviously, we'd like to try and get that, manage it more carefully, which we are proposing to do going forward. But the principle focus for us is to make sure the brand is healthy and it continues to grow. And that for us is important as a company, looking at the long-term health of the brand.  Thank you, once again, for your support. And hopefully, it's not a long time. And hopefully, we'll be reporting our results the beginning of May for the first quarter. Thank you very much.
Hilton Schlosberg: I think the key is regarding pricing. And at this time, we have taken out pricing in our Warehouse division. But on the energy side or the DSD side, we have no plans at this time to increase pricing.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes, generally. As regards to cost, Judy, there will be some impact on margin with regard to cost. And that's something that we, at this time, we just don't want to talk about frankly.
Hilton Schlosberg: We've covered a very small proportion of aluminum for 2011. What happened was that aluminum was about the $115 level. And after the turmoil in the Middle East, it increased to $120 level. But as you know, it may go back. It may not go back. We understand that there are hedge funds with substantial inventories sitting in warehouses. And we took a decision late last year that we will just see what happens with aluminum pricing, and we are continuing to monitor that situation. In Europe, our pricing is fixed. We fixed our pricing for aluminum cans in Europe.
Hilton Schlosberg: I think that we have indicated that we are clearly going to go into the market. We are looking at buying back, but we also just want to see what happens. And we'll make a decision as we -- virtually from day-to-day. Because we need to see where the market is, where the share price is and we'll just, obviously, try to make a prudent decision. But we acknowledge that we do have a lot of cash, and we do want to actually use it to buy back stock.
