Rodney Sacks: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I am Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call, as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: Perhaps. Thanks. Hilton, I could address the second part on the actual Zero Sugar. I think that we have hedge Zero sugar products. We have the full Ultra line. We have low carb and absolutely zero. But none of them have been really an analog of our original Monster Green. The original Monster Green flavor, which we have had now for over 20 years is still our leading product pretty much in every the world. Consumers do want a choice, and as consumers, I think, get a little older, they do start looking to -- for a sugar -- zero sugar or sugar-free alternative, but we would obviously like to stay in the same franchise with the same product, with the same personality. It’s in a black can with a sort of green claw. And so we feel there is a way to, A, increase the franchise to bring additional consumers who really want that original Monster flavor, but in a Zero Sugar and also to retain and broaden our existing consumer base, as we bring younger consumers in, they tend to not be as worried or concerned about the sugar content. As you get a little older, I think, sugar content does become an issue. There are also in many countries around the world, they have started to tax products with sugar, have label requirements. So we think that by having an offering our original green Monster in a sugar-free -- a zero-sugar version with a very similar can, it’s distinguishable, but very similar with, as I said, it still has the same personality and image. We believe we will further entrench our consumer base and expand it for many years to come. So, we think this is a very important development and an important way we can continue to solidify and make Monster and keep it unique because the Monster flavor is its own unique flavor that is so popular and we would like to continue to expand on it and build on it. So, the plans are to obviously roll this out after the U.S. very extensively.
Rodney Sacks: Yeah. Just to bullet lightly. I mean, the -- if Bang transitions out of the Pepsi coolers, you have obviously all aware of the announcement that Celsius who’s been trying to secure and has been securing additional shelf space, we will go into the Pepsi system. So there will be a lot of fighting going on. There’s the Ghost brand lining you to a lesser degree and C4. So you have got all of these sort of performance brands basically fighting for some more shelf space, and obviously, we will do the same. So there will be a lot of transition going on and we believe that we are obviously focused on that as well and our own brands and increasing our own shelf space.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I would like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We believe that we are well-positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you will stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: Sure. Bonnie, thank you for that question. I think a lot of people probably may want to ask the same question. So thanks for addressing it early on. We have always taken a stance that objective is to support our customers and our consumers. We went through entire times in 2020 and 2021 when we did not have enough capacity to service our customers and our consumers. We had bottler screaming. We had retailer screaming, and at the time, we made a very conscious effort that we were going to import cans at expensive costs, not in terms of the actual cost of the can, but the cost of importing a cans, the container costs, the marriage, the which you guys call the merge, just everything relating to the importation of aluminum cans. So that was an absolute conscious decision. As cans started arriving late in 2021, EMEA was the most affected. I think we have had a number of discussions about how EMEA was affected and a substantial number of those cans went into EMEA and have been consumed over a period of time. It’s difficult with our business because we have promotions from time-to-time. For example, we have got the Apex Legends promotions now and the cans that come in are not promotional cans. So, they are using production when there’s market and market demand. So, in EMEA, we stopped importing cans. We thought we would still have to import cans during 2022. We stopped that and there’s no longer importation of cans into EMEA in 2022. In 2021, we have had  coming in the U.S. and we will soon be out of those cans as soon as we get over this Apex Legends promotion. But in the U.S., the percentage of imported cans in our furnish is very low compared to what it was in the second quarter in EMEA. So, I hope that answers your question. We did it as a conscious effort to support and to supply our customers because we are in this business for the long-term. We are not in this business for the second quarter of 2022. We are in this business for the long-term and it’s important to us to ensure that our customers and our consumers continue to have energy products.
Hilton Schlosberg: No. As I -- yeah. Okay. Great question. As we look at the future, I mean, that in cost of sales, fuel is coming down, we know that. We know that freight is coming down. We are in that every day of our lives. We know that ocean freight is coming down. We know that we have been able now to really diminish the amount of materials that we having to airfreight to keep the wheels moving with product that’s coming out of the U.S. with concentrates. We know that AFF is producing and up and running in Ireland. We know that the percentage of aluminum cans is coming down. We know that aluminum costs are coming down. Aluminum reached a peak -- see if I can find it just very quickly. The maximum level of aluminum, including the Midwest premium was 1.8073 in March -- on March 7th. We buy where we are not hedged -- the portion that’s not hedged is bought at M minus 1. So, the March cans, so the April cans would be based on March pricing. So and we know that aluminum today including, let me find that, including the Midwest premium is 1.36. So, it’s come down from a peak of 1.81 to 1.36. So we know that’s a fact, right? We also know that we built up inventories, which we had to because there’s inventories we were talking about in 2021 were just not sustainable. They were just not sustainable. So we built up inventories and we are now able to avoid a lot of the shipping, the freight that’s been out of orbit. So you add all of that together and we don’t give forecast. I don’t want to start giving forecast. But it’s very clear that 2022, the second quarter, as in fact, we had anticipated would probably be our worst quarter in terms of margin. But I just want to stress again that we are in business for the long-term and we are supporting our customers and our business in the long-term.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. So those were two questions all in. I will start with the first one. So we don’t give guidance and what I have tried to do on this call is give some direction. That’s what we are saying -- that’s what we are seeing is coming down. It’s not going to happen overnight, because there are costs in the system that will take their time to work through. So, in principle as, since we don’t give guidance, I have given some general direction, which I hope you will find helpful and the other analysts will find helpful in analyzing where we go from here. But I just want to repeat yet again that we are in this business for the long-term. We are in this business to support our customers. And yes, maybe we did take a hiccup in gross margin in 2022 -- the second quarter of 2022, but there have been a lot of other cost pressures, including imported cans, imported cans being one of them, but at least we were able to bring our inventories back to a situation where we are able to service customers and we are able to service consumers. Look, it will be a terrible situation, when our price goes up in September 1 and we don’t have sufficient inventories to satisfy demand. I mean, that would just be the end. So we have done our very best to stay on track and to work within a very, very difficult supply chain environment.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yeah. So, with regard to your first point, I think I have already answered that. I believe that the second quarter is probably -- we are probably going to see the lowest margin in the year. And as regards better direction than that, Mark, we just don’t do it. We just don’t give guidance. So, that’s the first point. And then on the second point is, we are really not sure and we have had discussions with our distribution partner on a number of issues. And we are not sure that further engagement with them on any of these topics would be positive, but -- positive in terms of lowering cost of sales. But we are continuing to have those discussions and if it makes sense, then definitely we will -- we definitely will. I don’t want to disclose too much, but one of our partners in Europe, that is actually part of the Coca-Cola system, did not fare better in procuring cans than we were able to. So I just want to just put all of this in perspective that it’s not necessarily a panacea.
Hilton Schlosberg: … there’s always upheavals, okay. IT’S transitions never happen cleanly overnight. There’s always upheavals. And remember, that Bang is in a lot of the Pepsi shelf space and a lot of the Pepsi Cos and despite that you guys have seen their shares decrease over the last 24 months or so. So I don’t want to say any more than that. I am not sure if Rodney wants to say anymore, but I would say that, obviously, we continue to grow up as much shelf space as we can. We contract for a lot of our own shelf space and we work with the Coke bottlers and then, on the other hand, we work in with the Pepsi space and with the Pepsi coolers.
Hilton Schlosberg: So what I’d like to comment on is, one, retailer and I am not going to mention who they are in terms of their own schematics and their own structures, went early on the price increase. They rolled out early and not only with us but with the competition as well and they have seen no reduction in sales based on that action. So what we are seeing anecdotally is a continuation of the growth in the category. Yes, it has slowed somewhat, but look in Europe, where the categories are a lot older. The growth has been escalating there faster than in the U.S. So we have seen that and now we are seeing the other concern may be abating everyone is asking questions about gas prices and well gas prices affect the consumption of energy drinks, and frankly, we said at the time that when we have seen high gas prices a portion that hadn’t affected the sale of energy drinks and we are seeing gas prices now coming down slowly, but truly they are coming down. So I think that maybe answers your question as well.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yeah. There’s a range of countries that we took prices in the first half of 2022, either directly in price increases or through a reduction in promotions. And we see an uplift effecting the quarter already of the impact of those price increases. As regards the second six months, there’s really a list of countries and I don’t think we have got the time to go through them now, but there’s a list of countries where we will be taking further price increases where we can. For example, in France, you cannot, if you have gone -- if you have had one price increase in a year, you cannot go with the second price increase. So, there’s a range of different countries where we will be taking price increases. Brazil, we took price increases earlier this year. Chile, we took a price increase earlier this year. So we have been doing this on a consistent basis, not to profiteer from inflation, but really to mitigate the whole cost in the system has -- you guys will appreciate.
