Rodney Sacks: We do. I don't have it handy at the moment, the most current information. It hasn't come through to me. I'm expecting it later this week. 
Rodney Sacks: That is true -- no, no. 53% is international sales and the sales for April was $39 million, including the sales to Japan and $33 million, if you exclude the sales to Japan. 
Rodney Sacks: I think again you need to take the opening sales to Japan out, and then the number is $33 million, which is a little higher than the average in the first quarter. But again, all I can really point to, all the quantifications that I gave in my remarks earlier, that it is one month and it has to be taken as one month. Really, one month doesn't make a summer. 
Rodney Sacks: I don't believe it is that prevalent. There is -- there are promotions, I just don't have a feeling that it has been so extraordinarily, that's it's really even something I am been really conscious of. I'm really not in the position to quite -- really haven't really featured on our radar screen as positive, negative or anything of importance to be really looking at, and we haven't done. So I really am not in a position to really talk without speculating. 
Rodney Sacks: I can't give you an analysis, an exact -- it's not an exact science but when I look at our average pricing, for example, in convenience of the general Monster, it's $0.02 lower, which to me it doesn't indicate any sort of major change or over-promotion at all. Going back to the -- just looking at our off-invoice numbers as well, just trying to get a better handle on that, again, comparing to the last quarter of last year, it's really very much in -- almost similar in numbers and it's lower than the third quarter of last year, which was summer. But they are lower. So there's nothing that's extraordinary. Just going back to the Rehab, your questions on Rehab and Java. These are gross numbers, I don't have net at the moment, but the gross numbers were approximately $28 million in the quarter for Java and $45 million for Rehab. 
Rodney Sacks: We just didn't. And I don't think that there's anything that I really would care to discuss, but there's nothing to discuss. We just looked at it, we looked at the shape, the performance of the company and other things we are occupied with. And we just didn't -- decided to not to buy back stock in that period and didn't do so. We're sort of evaluating a number of alternatives about, with regard to what use we want to make of that cash and so we just didn't buy back stock. So there's really nothing more I can really elaborate on that. 
Rodney Sacks: It's probably in that region but that is a very -- just I'm sitting here without all the facts in front of me that's probably [indiscernible] that region. 
Rodney Sacks: Judy, the Rehab numbers, our distribution that I got for Rehab in convenience is up to about 81%. It's sort of been sticking at that level for the last quarter. Absolutely Zero, which we introduced before Rehab is about the 78% mark. So there is opportunity to expand it but, again, it's not the core so it actually becomes a little harder to, for whatever reason, to get it above those levels. So that's really where we are. So we do have an opportunity to, obviously, still increase but it may -- I'm looking at the graph and it sort of is flattening a little bit. So it is probably just a little harder to get that sort of 90% distribution level for your third and fourth and fifth SKU, when you do have quite have a selection. So obviously, it depends on sometimes there just isn't enough shelf space allocated. In the biggest stores, you've got 3 shelves or 4 shelves, I'm sure you can get a lot of -- in it. It's a lot easier. In some small stores, we they -- 1 or 2 shelves, the guys are going to make a choice because we have a big, basically, portfolio in the Monster range and I'm just seeing that it's sort of at that 80%, 81% level in the 3 months. Obviously, we're going to look to try and increase it. But that is where it is at. 
Rodney Sacks: I think the reason is that the distribution partner and as in line with traditional -- Japanese tradition, they are very precise in their analyses of the market, what is the potential. There is -- we're producing the products here so there's a long lead time to produce and ship it and have it examined, and checked and inspected and they're very, very -- it's a very pedantic, very slow exercise. So there was a large opening order placed in order to ensure that sufficient inventory was on hand in Japan and available, with back-up inventory, et cetera. The other thing is that, in Japan, they are very efficient. Literally we sold, yesterday, for the first day, and we literally have 90% distribution in almost all of the convenience chains there, literally within the first day. That's something that, in the most efficient markets otherwise, we don't achieve in even 6 months. And so they really had a large opening inventory. Obviously, so the issue is how far till it'll turn to repeat orders and go forward. So the market here is a -- not a large market, but it is a nice market and we believe that it's capable of growing into a large market. And obviously we are excited about the Japanese market and the launch. But that is especially why we refer to these figures because it's an unusual position for us to have this level of opening orders, even in a market that size. The opening was very much larger that we would've ordinarily put into a similar-sized market. 
Rodney Sacks: No. we don't have any legal or other constraints. It was simply a question of us evaluating, looking at a number of other alternatives, evaluating -- we really just end up -- make the decision to actually go ahead with the buyback. 
Rodney Sacks: I think that there have been no change in our basic philosophy. It doesn't mean we would rule out a dividend forever but certainly it's not on our radar at the moment. I think what's more likely is, ultimately, is to use that cash to buy back shares or for other purposes which we are. We're just looking at other options before we commit to a buyback -- a new buyback program. 
Rodney Sacks: The U.S. has been pretty constant. Our margins have been reasonably stable and we've been able to generally keep ourselves within a pretty close range. We've continued to obviously invest in the brand as we continue to increase and roll out new products so some of the new product investments may have possibly gone to offset some of the savings and efficiencies we would have on some of the older brands. I'm not sure how else to answer your question other than to really say it's been consistent, it's remained profitable and I don't see much of a change in either the gross margins or operating margins. There are differences in quarters because of timing and because of particular programs when we sometimes front load a promotion or higher as a percentage in a first quarter where your sales are lower and lower in the summer. But other than those there are no major swings that have really been -- have had any real significance -- the swings have really come from, obviously, the investments and the launches, from time to time overseas, and issues we've had with that and so we've been -- and those are continuing, starting to settle down and starting to get in more into a growth mode and a profitable mode, as I indicated for -- with regard for the Western Europe, which is our main area outside of the U.S. arm, excluding Canada and Mexico, they have been -- we've had business there for some time and they're both been profitable for a number of years. 
Rodney Sacks: The actual energy drink market in Mexico, again, on the Mexican numbers, we get our Nielsen and compare it, really it's one month, month-to-month. So this month, it was March this year versus March last year. And again, those numbers tend to jump around a little bit depending on whether there are promotions by either the largest player and competitor to us, which is either Red Bull or ourselves. The market is very largely influenced by the OXXO chain. They have a very significant percentage share of the market and, again, by just doing a promotion whether it's Red Bull or us, in OXXO really skews that market, literally can push it up or down. And they did have some tax issues. They introduce a tax on energy drinks that have a little bit of a dampening effect as to how you deal with it, we sort of reformulated our product and that was last year and we sort of did see sort of a reasonably good increase in our sales. So this was just -- the category is just sort of it's been up and down like this in the last few months. So it's down 5%, roughly, and we have actually increased share although our actual sales levels are marginally down. But again I think it can change from month-to-month quite dramatically depending on whether we implement a promotional program with OXXO. It has a very big influence on those numbers. So the key for us is really more of the market share-ish information and we think that the category will ultimately start to grow or show growth again later in the year. 
Rodney Sacks: You really can't compare it. Apples and pears, in other parts of the world, with a whole different buying philosophy, and a different sortie [ph]. The category at the moment is thought to be about 2.5 million cases, maybe a little bigger, maybe 3 million cases, and it has been growing. But that's what I would define as the Western or modern energy category. There has always been an energy type category in Japan, a traditional energy, for many, many decades. They're usually little vials, 2.5 ounces, small glass bottles or other containers, flat containers and that's been around for a long time. That category is probably as big as a 50 million case category. The question is how long will it take for the Japanese consumer to be partially converted from traditional energy to modern energy, and then how many new consumers, who are not in the traditional energy category. Now can you actually -- by having different products, different flavors, we believe that will help stimulate attention to the category and bring in new consumers in Japan. And then there is a big market and we believe that can grow but we're in the area of guessing at the moment because we -- we only have those facts, roughly but we think that there is a lot of potential but it's going to take time to grow into that potential and then see what we can do. But those are the 2 sources we would hope to draw from in order to increase the base energy category and we hope to obviously then participate in that quite -- at a high sort of share. So we're hopeful for it, but if we really don't have statistics that I can give you that are reliable. It's absolutely different to Canada and Mexico. Just the -- those markets are very much closer to the U.S. there. The beverage consumption patterns are closer to the U.S. whereas in Japan, I think is a much more traditional and a very different market. 
Rodney Sacks: Thanks, once again. We all are pretty gratified by the performance of the category and our company, particularly, the Monster brand in this first quarter. We've given you the indication of our sales in April, so we're positive going forward. And we're also very excited about the Rehab line. Again just to repeat, even the Peace Tea line has really started to come into its own and we think that also  can develop into a very nice brand for the company going forward.  So just keep our heads down, we carry on trading, we're also hopeful for Europe, also starting to perform very nicely and, hopefully, we'll be in a position to report continuing good results when we report on the next quarter. Thank you very much for your attendance and speak to you soon. 
Hilton Schlosberg: Alec, this is Hilton. We have been considering various options and we will proceed with our discussions in that regard. 
Hilton Schlosberg: I mentioned earlier, Kaumil, that the board is considering a number of alternatives and those discussions are progressing. 
Hilton Schlosberg: We're going to take that question under advisement. We -- this quarter was affected by the establishment of the full federation allowance against the fair taxation of foreign subsidiary. At this time, we expect that the tax rate probably will be comparable to the previous year but I'll have to take that under advisement. 
