Rodney Sacks: As you know Judy, we really don’t give direction or forecast because recently, it will be speculative, all you can see is looking back as to where we are, month by month, we all have seen continued improvements pretty much this year. As you know, last year the category slowed, there were a couple of months, a few months were negative towards the middle of the year or just as we started the second half and then it picked up, but a very, very low single digit. But what we have seen is continued improvement. So we believe very that what’s happening is, we think that convenience store traffic appears to be picking up, we seem to be getting better results from our 24-ounce which was a package which did suffer most when we started to have the downturn in the economy. So that’s what we sort of see. So while we are hopeful for the continued numbers improvement, we obviously don’t know, but I mean I did cite the most recent Nielsen numbers, which continued to show that increase and we did indicate earlier that our sales in July without going into detail were in fact up and so we are quite pleased with what we are seeing in July. We are also pleased obviously with what’s going on and we believe in Europe at the moment and the brand is starting to find its feet there.
Rodney Sacks: What’s happened to Red Bull is they have become pretty competitive, they have also been quite aggressive in some of the price promotions but what’s happened is they have also increased to look at their sales mix, they are selling more in their 12 ounce and now they are 16 ounce size. When you look the pricing, they do have a higher pricing structure than we do and their 12 ounces is at $2.99 and their 16 ounce is close to $3.99. So I think that if you look at in units, I don’t think they have the same increase. I think we have continued to increase both in units and sales and dollars where if they have already increased in dollars because what’s happened is they are just selling slightly more of the higher priced units. So we believe that that’s really driving a lot of the growth over those three different sizes and they are going to start trading off harder comps (ph) because they were introduced last year during the course of the year. So that’s where we think they are getting a lift in that area.
Rodney Sacks: Obviously in the many places, what we are going to do is we start off disproportionately because as you launch in a country even though you have got very low to no sale or very limited sales for the first period of time, you do have to establish an infrastructure in each country or basic country managers, softening, marketing person, and softening teams. So that starts to become very top-heavy at the beginning and then it starts to rectify itself quite reasonably quickly. In the basic infrastructure for Europe, we have established our operations in the UK and those are getting to a point where they will start now and we will start to see efficiencies as we continue to increase in sales. So we are going to see efficiencies in the staffing and bottom line from Europe from the basic operations we have there but obviously that will be a little bit negatively affected by the manpower as we go into new countries, country by country. But overall, our sale volume now is such that we are starting to see the benefits, we are starting to see lower cost per case, and that is continuing to improve and we believe that next year even though we are still planning quite an aggressive expansion program that we still will continue to see better results coming into Europe. They key for us is the ability to achieve the sales and sustain the sales and that’s been important that we can manage our costs lighter, the key is to get the sales first.
Rodney Sacks: It should go back to a normalized tax rate. It may be a little bit high for a period of time as we continued to still have some losses coming through from Europe but as soon as that sort of starts filtering through, it will go down. Again, but it will only be, I think, at most marginally higher than on an ongoing basis whereas we took the adjustment this quarter.
Rodney Sacks: That will also come down, but they will also then have the benefit of picking up the losses that we do we are incurring at the current time. So we’ve written back the fate of that. But when ultimately you start earning profits for a period of time, you will actually benefit from that and then it will normalize going forward after that.
Rodney Sacks: It gets treated through the income statement from an accounting point of view, but it’s completely noncash, it just – and that’s the same reason we had that $0.7 million adjustment as well. It’s just an evaluation, but it’s – there will be no change in the underlying – in the underlying auction rate securities or the creditors or anything, but it’s just again these are evaluation changes that keep affecting the income statement.
Rodney Sacks: But your point is correct, that if you’re trying to get to a normalized trading, this should be taken out.
Rodney Sacks: We don’t believe we’re actually going to end up with any cost or loss on these auction rate securities ultimately.
Rodney Sacks: Well, it’s just a question of anecdotally that’s the sort of information we’ve getting back from the field. We have started seeing trends back in 24-hour site sales which was really primarily solid in that channel has started picking up. And when we saw the downturn in the economy that’s when the first package that dropped off for us. And so that should – our conclusion from talking to people, people in the field and retailers.
Rodney Sacks: We’re tackling what we think is appropriate. Number one, we’re – basically we were incurring a lot of costs in getting into Europe. And so, a lot of our marketing spend is really a Pan European spend. So we feel it is the right way to go to basically fill out Europe. You have a lot of your overhead and management costs that really in place, that can basically handle and run and go out to the address you have. Secondly, by delaying things, all you do is you let your competitors have more time to establish their brands whether they’re local competitors or low-priced brands. And, we’re there – we’re present in Europe, you might as well as deal with it, the country. So we’re not dealing with it all at one time, we’re dealing with it gradually. We’ve done – as we’ve indicated, there are three countries in the second quarter. We’re doing more countries now, we’re doing more countries in fourth quarter, and it’s going to continue to run along that basis. We’re going to aggressive – we have two very, very sort of – we have two different basic operations and divisions at under two management heads in Europe, one for Western Europe who handles his expansion, which is Middle East and Europe, and then the – we have a new Head of Central and Eastern Europe, who has joined us, and he really is taking care of those markets. Really, you can’t run them in parallel, because they’re really operating with different teams.
Rodney Sacks: It’s an add-on. We’ll call it a little add-on. Everything starts small. And you start brands and you – you start with the brand and then you see what – how the brand develops and you’ve got to be fortunate that you get a brand that gets – that starts picking, that gets resonates well with consumers and many times. And the success of the brand is really a function of that. In the case of a CC brand, it is small, but at the same time, we are seeing it resonating well. We are seeing good repeat sales, we’re getting pretty exciting responses back from the trade. And so we do believe that the brand, number one, has legs as it, but obviously our goal there is to extend the brand into additional packages that will help in the margins and to continue to grow the brand and you got to plan for the future. We’re continuing to obviously focus on our main products which is more uncertain to grow. But we’re also continuing to run the business and plan for three years and five years down the line as to what will be and what will be the makeup of our sales mix. And we – it takes time to develop, that don’t just – particularly the size of company like ours are not going to make an impact for the number of years until it grows to a significant size that that we’ve got to continue to develop and put the effort behind our alternative brands and obviously the best of our product offerings. We just think tea is a nice category, it’s got growth. We think that there was a limited amount of competition and we saw an opportunity and we do believe that in the long term that could be significant brand for us. It may be less significant from my profit point of view. But certainly from an asset and value point of view on the top line, we think it can create a lot of value and for the company.
Rodney Sacks: In fact, California did pretty well for us. In the – I’ll just find it for you quickly. I think we are up in – we were up pretty nicely in California, particularly Southern California. If I look at the – it’d be pretty mature in California, because we have a pretty high share in the convenience channel. We were up 13.6% in Los Angeles market. We have a 38.7% share. So California is actually doing very well for us. They were sometimes last year when we had a big shipment that was sort of a slight falloff in our market share, but it has picked up again.
Rodney Sacks: On premise, we’re sort of looking at some of our strategy. It’s still a very small proportion of our business. We are doing some nice business in some key accounts like Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas and in some other key accounts, but it’s still a very small proportion and we still have a lot of upside potential. We’re looking at making some changes in how do we go to market there, what distribution partners might be better suited in certain states and we are looking at making some changes in that area as we go forward.
Rodney Sacks: The costs in that area were much higher this quarter than obviously last year. We saw quite a bit of increase and that was due just through some quite a bit of legal actions or some of them have been resolved already, some are sort of ongoing. But they will get resolved reasonably soon. And so they shouldn’t be ongoing at that level. We also incurred professional fees for SAP, license fees, consulting fees just to get to button down that implementation of that system, which also will not be ongoing. We also had – what we did do also was we terminated a distributor who was distributing in a portion of Mexico for us. We ascertained that the particular distributor was, in fact, trying shipping some of their product that they were buying back into the United States, it was sort of disrupting some of our markets and we ended up terminating that distributor. So we did incur some legal costs in connection with professional fees of investigators plus legal costs and also we have made the provision for a bad debt against the net balance owed by that distributor as to whether we will be effective in the recovery. We have a legal right to recover, but as to whether we will be able to effectively – recover is another issue, we have taken steps to a point of terminating that distributor’s agreement. We appointed the distributor that handles the rest of Mexico for us which is Humex, to cover that territory in the Baja and Sanora areas. So that also made up quite a bit of the additional cost that we incurred in this quarter, in the G&A area.
Rodney Sacks: There really isn’t – there are still dozens of off the wall brands that get launched and try and come into the market. But the market is clearly settling down and stratifying. It’s becoming more mature, it’s becoming clear that there is a really big gap. You really have a very good – you have Red Bull at the top. You really have a very big gap even between Rockstar which is pretty much a third of our size in the market. And the interesting thing is that the brand from Coke and Pepsi, they’ve got a whole spiel of five or six brands, but they are not being able to hold their own for those brands even they’ve got – they’re over spaced, they – because they have ability to execute and negotiate or secure the substantial self space which it’s making it more difficult for even some of the independents to get shelf space because these guys are over spaced and they’re not doing the sales. So you already got quite a big group of brands that really don’t deserve the space they’re getting and you’re really blocking up the space. So we even see some of those brands finally going away and we probably end up with a more normalized market, which is be limited to three or four brands.
Rodney Sacks: I don’t have. I’ve talked with our guys, but I just don’t have anything. I think that’s concrete enough that I’m uncomfortable [ph] enough to talk about at this time.
Rodney Sacks: Correct. We had to pull back some of our distribution efforts that didn’t into certain channels, because we just didn’t have enough finished product. And then we started our production now in July and we’re doing it – we’re producing now in August and we believe we’ll have enough to start going forward. We’re pretty much sort of almost relaunch it in a much extensive scale.
Rodney Sacks: We’ve generally had one source of manufacturer in Europe which has always as we’ve expanded into Europe, it has resulted in us incurring quite a lot of freight costs that have been pretty expensive. We are just starting up a second point of manufacturer in the UK with CCE and we believe we will be – it is our intention to start up at least another manufacturer somewhere towards Central or Southern Europe. So we should have – by summer, we are hoping to have at least three manufacturing plants up and running in Europe, which will help at least make us more efficient on the freight and transportation side for Europe.
Rodney Sacks: And in Canada as well. So, again, and as we expand the company to South America, we will see if we can source it from the Brazilian once the single source there.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you very much. We’ve been pretty excited about the fact that we are seeing these positive trends returning to the market. We also as you may have heard we recently appointed a Senior VP of Sales to head up our North American operations, Emily Terry [ph], who was a Business Unit Manager and VP at Anheuser-Busch. And so we’re quite hopeful that we’ll get a lot of focus. She is a very detailed person and we believe that she’s going to be very valuable to the company as we continue to meet the challenges of continuing to grow from our position of strength in the energy market. But we’re hopeful that we’ll have a good second half of the year, and we’re very excited, and thank you for your support. Thanks very much.
