Rodney Sacks: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for attending this call. I am Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: No. Other than the -- there's -- if you look at the international markets, they've sort of been a little bit all over the place in many ways. But generally, they've been good. There was a little bit of slowing in Asia Pacific. We are taking steps to see some growth. But obviously, we are very substantial in those markets and the actual markets have been a little flatter. But we've got great opportunity in some of the international markets that are developing. We look particularly to markets like China and India. We're at the beginning of a growth phase in India, particularly focusing on not only Monster, but also Predator there. So I think that it is mixed. Some of the markets have had some sort of ups and downs, but overall, we're in growth in most of the markets, and we still see that as very exciting. And you can see from the results in January, we are still seeing -- despite the Nielsen numbers, we are still seeing good growth in the U.S. as well.
Rodney Sacks: Sorry, I just finish the other part of the question that Mark had raised just before we sign off. Just to talk about the international opportunity, I think what Mark is alluding to is correct. In many markets, the international markets have really followed the U.S. We have a far broader portfolio in the U.S. Innovation continues from year to year. But what -- the benefit that the international markets have is they see what we've introduced in the U.S. and the large number of additional SKUs and literally brand families we have in the U.S. And they're able to try and look to those and try and introduce selected SKUs, which gives them a very large runway. In some markets, the runway is focused on the Monster premium brands. And in some markets, the growth is coming from an affordable sector. And we have addressed that. So we have Monster in many markets, but we've also -- where we see that the premium sector has more of a limited percentage of the population that can really afford to have the buying power. We are growing, and that's where we're starting to grow brands like Predator in many international markets and that will help us continue to see growth and Predator also has a lot of depth. We were launching Predator in China this year. We've just launched Predator in India in cans. We are now just rolling out PET in India. We are trying to address some volume production issues because there's not a lot of availability, but that will sort itself out reasonably soon. And we see enormous opportunity once we get some availability for production in PET for PET in India. So there are a lot of opportunities, but they vary from market to market and continent to continent. As you know, we've just recently launch, for example, in Egypt, we launched both Monster and Predator. Predator's quickly made a name for itself as a growing brand. So we have these opportunities in different countries around the world. And so we're quite excited about seeing that. As I said, we did have some slowdown in some of the more developed countries in Asia. The category slowed, but I think that those -- we are taking steps to address and introduce more and different innovation in those markets and to grow them. So we do look forward to having a really attractive runway around the world for us.
Rodney Sacks: On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to innovate, to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular, capitalizing on our relationship with the Coca-Cola bottler system. We believe that we are well-positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you remain safe and healthy, and thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: So I think at the Investor Meeting, as I recall, we already spoke about 2023 Q4. As you know, we don't give guidance, and we really do try not to give guidance. So if I could just talk about Q4 for a minute, Q4 was strong. But there were a number of really nonrecurring items included in GP in Q4, mainly related to true-ups of various promotional items, various true-ups with partners as well as -- we have a few, we don't have very many, but we have a number of rebate programs. So looking at Q4 of 2023, I would say to you that on an ongoing basis, Q4 came up very much in line with what we expected, which was an increase over Q3. And it's at the level probably of about 53.5% on a kind of standalone basis excluding these nonrecurring items.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. Firstly, I don't think one should discount the fact that the weather was a factor. Secondly, we do have a lot of non-measured channels. And if you heard earlier in the call, January sales were -- in my book, were really impressive, the increase in January sales. Added to that, Nielsen doesn't cover everything, as we've discussed before, and there were some interesting things in January, for example, one of the big club store chains had what we call an MVM, which is a club store chain that is not read by Nielsen, and in itself is pretty substantial. Adding to that, if you go back to January 2023, we had very robust increases mainly because of the launch of 2 brands that really hit it out of the park. One was Monster Zero Sugar and the other was Ultra Strawberry Dreams. On the call, you would have heard that innovation for 2024 has really kicked off in February and is going through February through to March, so we didn't have the benefit of that innovation program earlier on as we did in 2023. So these are all factors that one must take into account when one examines so-called slowness in the Nielsen volumes. Also, I might add that we have a number of important resets coming up, the trade reset from January on through the early part of the second quarter. So -- and we're anticipating big gains in shelf space not only for our legacy brands, not only for the SKUs that we are about to launch, but also for the Bang brand, where a number of retailers that had hitherto really discontinued Bang because of all the litigation and all of the issues are now taking it back, and we'll see that benefit starting really in the second quarter and -- sorry, starting in the first quarter and moving into the second quarter. So there's a whole number of factors that I think are worth bearing in mind when one looks at the Nielsens, for example, in January.
Hilton Schlosberg: No, the only structural reason is we don't give guidance. So that's the only structural reason I can think of. Obviously, we're working on margins. I'm proud to say that the Midwest premium and aluminum, which is one of [indiscernible] are coming down. But against that, we've said that we have increases in other commodities and other pricing. So we're bringing up our own manufacturing facilities up and we're doing whatever we can to improve gross profit percentages. But we don't give guidance and I don't know what's going to happen with freight, for example. We had a good benefit from freight-in this quarter -- this last quarter, and I'm not sure what's going to happen as we look forward into 2024 and the implications of the election and everything else. So that's about that. And then on pricing, we're taking pricing in a number of markets internationally. We've taken pricing in January in a number of markets. And we're moving through with an aggressive price increase program internationally. As regards to the U.S., we really are just -- we're waiting and evaluating. We run a very sizable business here. We have a number of customers that we deal with. And we want to make the right decision. So we're not saying no to a price increase, and we're not saying yes to a price increase this time. What we are saying is that we are honestly really evaluating and constantly evaluating the retail pricing environment. And if we believe there are opportunities, we will take them.
Hilton Schlosberg: So, Dara, on the call, we did talk about progress internationally in very great detail. I think sometimes we give far more detail than we should, but we do. We gave market shares in various countries we indicated the new product innovations that are going to happen through -- throughout our international territories, and I'm not sure what other question -- what part of your question, we possibly have an answer. And I don't mean to be disrespectful. I just feel that a lot of your question has been covered. Rodney, I don't know if you've got anything to add.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes, we spoke about -- Steve, sorry to interrupt, but let's just answer the first. So remember, we spoke about impairment charges of $40 million in this quarter relating to the Alcohol Brands.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. I think that's not a one-fix issue. That's something that's ongoing, and we are working with the Coke bottlers to improve execution. As I said earlier, we are rolling out a number of new products and the new sets are all taking place in this first quarter from February onwards and early into the second quarter. And I think you'll see that -- well, I hope you'll see from those numbers when we report them, that the positioning should be somewhat different to where we are today.
Hilton Schlosberg: We've always spoken about the fact that internationally, we compete very strongly against -- in the main Red Bull. And we really try and keep our pricing. We have a pricing strategy that's worked well for us, and that's really keeping within a particular percentage of Red Bull pricing. And the minute we stray from that, we find that our market shares really suffers. So we really have an interesting dynamic in that we have, obviously, relationships with The Coke partners. And we have a pricing structure that kind of has a ceiling, right? So it's -- while we are always on a mission to improve gross margins, and we do that on an ongoing basis, there are some areas where it is very difficult to get gross margin. And I've said this before, that I think it will be very difficult in the main to get gross margins internationally to the levels that we have enjoyed in the U.S. You can see what happened in EMEA. They nudged their margins up by 1% in the fourth quarter. And it's an ongoing battle to improve margins, bearing in mind the dynamics of what we are working against.
