Rodney C. Sacks: I think that -- we don't think that it's cannibalizing the green can, let's start off with that. That is still up nicely. And that is the largest product, so that is up quite nicely. We have seen some cannibalization against basically the Lo-Carb and our Absolute Zero. We are seeing some cannibalization against those 2 products, that is to be expected. They're all basically playing in that 0 or low-carb category. The actual sales we saw, we reached about 72% distribution in convenience. We still have some distribution to gain, and we think also quality of distribution. In some cases, it's been squeezed onto shelves, so we think that there is some room for expansion in both numbers and quality. And it is already pretty much our second best-selling SKU on a per point basis in the stores it's in. So it has been very, very successful.
Rodney C. Sacks: We don't know. We know that there is a category there. We know that it has slowed. But there definitely is -- a category exists. It is a category, in which the basically the only player is still earning very good margins. We believe it is a slightly different consumer, but it does -- a demographic, but it does -- it is related. We're in the beverage category. We believe there still is business. We believe there is room for a competitor, but so far nobody's been able to really crack the code. But it doesn't mean we shouldn't continue trying whether it's in -- with Worx in its present form, its present flavors, its present size, its present pricing. I think we're going to continue to look at and evaluate, but we do believe there is still some opportunity that as a beverage company, we shouldn't walk away from and take off the table. But it does have an effect obviously in looking at comps, and that's why we break it out and deal with it. But we still haven't made final decisions on what to do exactly with Worx or what direction to take in that category.
Rodney C. Sacks: I think that one of the things that did negatively effect our sales in Europe was that CCE in particular went through a realignment of some of their inventories, which decreased, I think, purchases that would ordinarily have been expected from them. And I think -- we think that had a little bit of a dampening effect. I don't want to go into each of the countries. I don't have them handy as to what we did in each of them. We did highlight the major countries, in which we did experience good growth, and those are the main markets in Europe, which is, I think, just about everywhere I think we've grown. I mean, there may be 1 or 2 anomalies, but some of them are -- we still grew. We may not have grown in sell-in, but we did grow in sell-through, but those are the small markets, and they sort of just -- it's just a question of timing. So basically, the main markets, we continue to grow quite nicely, which is the U.K., Germany, Spain, South Africa, Benelux, were good markets this year as well.
Rodney C. Sacks: I'm not sure -- while we began to ship to Ambev, also there was transfer of existing inventories, I think, from our existing distributor to Ambev, so I'm not sure what the net incremental sales were. But the initial response from Ambev has been positive. We're positive. They are a powerful organization. They have extensive distribution. It is rolling out on a sort of a gradual basis, in a region by region basis. It wasn't an immediate hit right through Brazil. But we do believe that there is good growth potential in Brazil. We also believe that while we are continuing to pack our product at an independent third-party packer, we are -- we don't get the benefit of a number of tax breaks and other things. Some of those benefits we believe we will be able to achieve and improve our margins as we realign our packaging with Ambev and take other steps to improve our margins. So we are quite happy. The value chain is acceptable. The value chain, particularly in some of the -- most of the other South American countries we've gone into has also -- has also been quite positive for us. And we will basically -- we will anticipate some costs of trade, MDF slotting, et cetera, as we continue to list product in basically chains in Brazil. We really didn't have very extensive distribution before. So we do look at some upside coming from the South American region. Once we get some of the costs in local production going in Japan and Korea particularly, we do believe those countries will also start contributing profitably. So I think that overall, we were slightly negative on international. But we are looking forward this year to turning the corner. But again, there's a big mix of international that goes into that whole pot, and I can't be more definite than that.
Rodney C. Sacks: I can try and get some of those sort of totals. Europe is -- overall is clearly far bigger. But I don't -- I'll try and get some of the information to give you some idea of that breakup, while I'm talking and come back to that.
Rodney C. Sacks: We think the margins in Canada are certainly more closely aligned to the U.S. and Mexico's a little lower. But also still reasonably aligned to the U.S. Europe has sort of pretty decent margins. Asia-Pacific is where we are suffering from low margins at this point in time, and we believe that will be -- start being corrected as we go forward operationally. And in South America sort of in between, but again, we hope that we'll be able to improve margins in South America as in when we start producing with Ambev in Brazil and also in other regions in South America. In the dollars, while -- if you look at the U.K., as an individual country the U.K. is our biggest country after the U.S. It's larger than Canada or Mexico. And Spain, basically in the quarter, Spain, Japan, South Africa, Australia and Germany are the next largest, and they are reasonably close to each other after that.
Rodney C. Sacks: I think what happened was, you saw initially I think the negative press seemed to have been directed sort of focused more on our brand as opposed to the category. And then more recent times, it's becoming a whole category issue. So we think that was probably one factor. We also think if you look at the individual sales, what has happened in Red Bull is they've really -- what has happened, the one package that has grown for them has been their 12-ounce package, which has become their leading package, and that's where they've seen quite a big bump and basically based on not so much -- not on units, but on value because they really were trading up from a 8-ounce size at $2 to a 12-ounce size at $2.49 or whatever it is, or $2.90 or whatever the price is. The average price of their -- I'll give you the 2, the pricing from $2.17 up to the average price of $2.89. So that's largely where they have picked up and continued to pick up market share in dollar terms. That's accounted for that. They've also we think -- what we've seen is substantially a substantial pick up in marketing, not only in the U.S., but around the world. And that clearly also has probably had some effect on their sales.
Rodney C. Sacks: A lot of that is -- a lot of it is when you time your marketing programs. We're looking at the markets, they've executed very well in the markets. That's an issue which I think we need to get our distribution partners to perhaps step up their distribution capabilities and the presence on shelf. They are executing very well in store, which is important. And then I think if you do look at the last 4 weeks, we've sort of tended to catch up and we've now -- we're actually slightly ahead of them in convenience. I think it's going to be growth in convenience and gas. So it will take -- it will start catching up and then I think as we sort of start to get into our promotional cycle, we think things will improve. They did introduce some line extensions also during the period through one of their -- they had exclusive I think on some line extensions with 7-Eleven, but what our experience has been overseas that those line extensions ultimately haven't been particularly incremental. But we don't know how they will ultimately pan out in the U.S. Again, we think that, that won't be a driver going forward for them, but they overall have improved their share.
Rodney C. Sacks: Retail sales on gross dollars are not up in the fourth quarter of '12 versus '11. They are down somewhat. But again, we've not really been able to tell with any real certainty how we've taken out the effect -- to back out the effect of the sell-in. We believe that if you'd back out the effect for sell-in, there's not much difference. But again, that's something we just haven't been able to get fully into. On the costs, I'm not sure I'm able to give you an answer on the phone on the costs in Asia, fourth quarter versus the third at this point. I think it's just -- I just don't have them handy.
Rodney C. Sacks: This is -- we really have no -- we cannot give you any update. This is something that we're going to -- we'll put on the agenda. We have a board meeting on Friday. We'll put it on -- have it on the agenda. But we're not sure what we want to at this point in time. And just really hard for me to speculate now as to whether we'll introduce an additional program, certainly immediately we've just spent a lot of money expanding, so we may relook at it. But we will evaluate at the board meeting on Friday.
Rodney C. Sacks: On behalf of Monster I would like to thank each of you for your continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in our growth strategy, and we remain committed to developing and differentiating our brands and to expanding the company at home and abroad. We reiterate that our products are safe, are properly labeled, and that the caffeine content in a Monster Energy drink at approximately 10 milligrams per ounce is less than half the milligrams per ounce of caffeine contained in Starbucks and other coffeehouse brewed coffee. Thank you very much.
