Rodney Cyril Sacks: Let me take the last question first. In many of these markets, it's not a question of what we can do. The question is, you've got existing distributors and bottlers who obviously have heard about the Coke transaction and believe that their territories will ultimately be transitioned to Coke. So what they've generally have really pulled back on their investments in their markets, in investing in putting extra effort. And although we've tried to obviously work with them and assure them and it effects their buyout to some extent, they really mentally are not in the same place as they were when they were fully engaged as our full-time distributors. So the challenge we've got is in basically being able to conclude arrangements with the Coke bottlers as soon as possible to transition those markets. And we've referred to that there is a learning curve with the international Coke bottlers, not only from a point of view of learning about our products, but the way we go to the market, the way we operate, the terms of our agreements using a Finished Product model, all of these things are not usual generally to the Coke bottlers. They have very different business models and existing contractual relationships with The Coca-Cola Company. So there are some complex issues both with regard to the legal terms of the agreements and the economics and working out the value chains. And these are being done and attended to and we are having these discussions, but it is taking some time. And unfortunately, we've just got to be patient. But what we do clearly see is there is a very big difference in both our sales in and sales out from distributors to please their depletions in markets where they are what we call non-transition markets where the distributors know that they are going to stay with the brand, for example, the Coke, the CCR markets in Europe. Those markets are generally performing well and performing at a much higher level than the markets where there is a likelihood of a transition. There are some markets, on the other hand, where we've not made a decision to transition, and we've communicated that and been able to assure our distributor. Those markets are performing well, particularly you call out a market like Japan where our partner has – we've talked with them and we're focused on continuing to operate with them and there, the market has done very well and they are continuing to perform fully. That is in international. I mean that is not a dissimilar situation in the U.S. If you take our markets in the U.S. with it in some cases, in most cases, our existing Coke bottlers, but in some cases we have some independent bottlers here, distributors or bottlers. And, again, you're seeing a clear difference between the results of both our sales in and the sales in were obviously also affected by the lower stock holding levels held by Coke bottlers versus the AB, the new ones we've gone to here. That was an additional factor. But even if you take that into account or put it to the side for the moment, when you look at the depletions by the Coke bottlers in the transition territories, the depletions are lower than in the same company's non-transition territories. And it's clear that what's going on is that there is a learning curve. There were some out of stocks both from our side and in retail, but it's also a learning curve because the new sales teams have basically got to learn the Monster business, the velocities, those accounts that are higher in velocity don't necessarily replicate the accounts that are higher in velocity for traditional beverages. And so we think that that's a transitory thing and this is the quarter where they've gone through it. It's the first 90 days of the transition to the Coke System in the U.S. And so we think these are things that are just going to have to work their way out of it. And we believe we're starting to see improvements and some of that is now being reflected in the numbers that we're showing in our sales numbers for July. But obviously what you also can see is, if you look at the Nielsen over this whole period, the Nielsen numbers in the U.S. have been pretty consistent on our sales out in units, et cetera, which shows that from the consumer point of view, there is still similar retail pull in all these markets.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah. It's obviously clear that we have the excess cash, and we will address it, but we need to address it in due course. There are a number of reasons as to what we need to do or how to do it and we will look at that, Mark. It's just premature at the moment. I know everybody is keen to get us to deal with it and address it, but it just has to be dealt with in due course.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah. And we also think that that's being influenced by the fact that, again, some of that learning curve is now improving and some of the out of stocks that initially occurred because of unknown order patterns for different products in our line which has quite a lot of products. Those things have – we think those are normalizing and we think that that is more indicative of our regular business.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think there is a general excitement amongst all of the Coke bottlers to take on Monster and to partner with us. And I think it's right through the Coke. I think there's a very good attitude throughout the Coke System. I think the issue is – as I indicated earlier, it's getting to be able to get them comfortable with the basis on which we do business which is different to the traditional Concentrate sort of model business that Coke has followed for centuries. And to get them to understand us and work through the legal issues such that we're getting through value chain issues. And generally to the extent that we've worked with them, they're all comfortable with the value chain issues that there are satisfactory ways in which we can work to share the issue and they're excited by that. It's a positive for them. But we obviously have to negotiate and get through everybody, trying to muscle each other at the moment to take a position which will obviously be (38:30) going forward. So we're just having to work through those issues. But we are hopeful that we'll get through in most of them. And if to the extent that we don't in any particular territory, we have options that we can go to. We have existing distributors, and a lot of the issues we are having with existing distributors if we were to not transition a territory and go back to those distributors and basically assure them that or give them a longer term contract and give them the assurance that they will have a longer term, that they have a number of years secured, we've got no doubt they will start to reinvest and re-engage in the brand. It's just that we've not been able to do that because we haven't wanted to mislead them or give them any false hopes. And so that's been the delicate tightrope we've been walking at the moment. So again, it doesn't mean that in every territory we will go to a Coke bottler. But I don't think that that is an issue. The issue at the moment is just getting everybody and it's time to deal in all these different countries and get everybody on the same page and get them comfortable with us. We are making progress. And we obviously are going to try and step up the pace of those negotiations.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Now, on the percentages, I would say that probably got the – probably pretty much the majority of our sales are with existing Coke bottlers internationally, pretty close to half, and if you look at the numbers in many places other than Japan which is an exception, in other places you've got sales very much down and Chile is also a good market as well in that sense. These bottlers are working well with the distributor, but in Brazil particularly it's been very disappointing. They're just really not engaged and some of the wholesalers they work with seem to have disengaged as well. And then in some of the markets which are non-Coke bottlers, when I say we're up, it's marginal, it's almost flat versus really nice healthy gains across the Coke bottler markets. So there is a very big distinction between those markets. But as to the percentage, I'm just guessing. I just don't have a number in my head or available at this point in time.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah. And then the one distributor that did perform pretty well, which was a distributor in Germany, they also did perform reasonably well until we changed over, but that was quite a large volume market which have now changed to Coke. And in the first month there, we've been very satisfied with the result. It's been very positive.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: And I should put Mexico into the same category as Japan and Chile. The distributor still continues to perform well. Some of the major problems markets are the ones I did allude to earlier. Thanks.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Gross margin generally has probably been affected a little bit by the Concentrate division, which is the strategic brands which have higher gross margins. And we've just been able to achieve some lower costs, which we indicated, in our brands even though there is a balance between international and domestic. But what had happened is I think our international margins have also improved on this quarter versus previous quarters. So while they are perhaps a little bit lower than our domestic margins, the improvement in those margins have had an effect and have helped push up our overall margins.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think the sales for the Concentrate division or the brands have been a little choppy but it's been very early. We only got the brands recently. We then didn't have access to a lot of the underlying marketing information about the brands until we closed. We're still getting information and trying to understand the brands. We have marketing guys working with us. Some of the people we took on from Coke but some of our own guys are having to travel to different markets to try and understand the brands. And we're still trying to put together our strategy on these brands. Obviously, we've talked with the Coke guys and we've reassured them that we're going to obviously focus on these brands and give these brands attention. And at the moment, I think they're doing fine, but I can't give you an indication of direction because it really just is too premature.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think we're just going to have to just spend some time before we start giving more direction. I mean, they are continuing to upgrade pretty decently in most markets. There are a couple of individual markets where the bottlers were sort of not happy and we've seen them want to discontinue some of the brands in some small markets and small brands. Like I mentioned earlier that they decided to discontinue Gladiator in Mexico and then Samurai was discontinued in the Philippines, which was a low-priced brand there. But by and large, the markets are fine. And the most important markets are actually the U.S. with NOS. And we feel the brand is good. It has slowed a little bit. We think there may have been a little bit of a pulling back on some of the marketing spend behind the brand. But we believe in the brand and the bottlers in the U.S. also believe in the brand and I think we can obviously make that brand grow. So we are positive about the NOS brand going forward. And we think that there is a role for Full Throttle in the portfolio as well.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah. So that continues to perform and we're excited about that – the NOS brand. And there are a number of the brands that we really see as very good opportunities around the world in the portfolio. Thank you very much.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continue to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad. We are particularly excited by the new opportunities that we have going forward with a robust portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world comprised of our Monster Energy drink line together with the newly acquired strategic brands. We believe that our agreement with The Coca-Cola Company will enable us to focus on our core energy business while leveraging the strength of The Coca-Cola Company's powerful distribution and bottling system on a worldwide scale. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Well, Mark, if I could answer that question on cash there, there will be a return of cash to shareholders. The board is meeting tomorrow and it's one of the issues that will be tabled on the board meeting. And I can't say what route the board will take, but there are certainly a number of options open to the board and they will make their decision in due course.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: And then your first question was about the July sales and I think there's a general view here that the stock reductions are past us and that the July sales really are a factor of demand. And that's a view, it's not something that one can take to the bank but it's certainly the view that we hold here.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: And we have been having regular meetings with The Coca-Cola bottlers in the U.S. and these issues are being addressed.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Yeah. I think I just wanted to add that the decisions that will be made for international distribution will be decisions that will be the best for Monster, for our company, and that will be assessed following the negotiations, the value chains, legal issues and other opportunities which we may have.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: And what we said earlier on the call, John, was that there were higher gross margins because in the Finished Products segment, which is largely a function of product sales mix and lower cost of certain raw materials. So we did refer to that earlier on in the call.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: I just want to remind everyone that the Concentrate business was only in for two weeks in the quarter. We closed the transaction on the 12th, which is a Friday. From the 15th to the end of the month, the Concentrate sales were incorporated in the financial results for this quarter. So turning to July, I don't have those numbers for July. I think we had them earlier for the Concentrate division.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Yeah, I'm just looking at the numbers we have. We don't have them with us as to what happened in July with the Concentrate business last year. We know obviously what it was this year but we don't have it here.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: NOS has increased actually in the 12 weeks that we mentioned earlier as well in all outlets combined by 14.9%. So sales of Full Throttle were down 0.2% and the overall market was up by 10.3%. So NOS grew in excess of the market.
