Rodney Sacks: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I am Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and my Co-Chief Executive Officer is on the call. As is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read the cautionary announcement.
Rodney Sacks: Okay. So maybe I can get that, Bonnie. So what happened when we set our can requirements with our can companies about a year ago, we estimated that our sales would be 10% to 12% or up this year. In fact, as you can see, they are substantially above that. So whatever we contracted for, we’ve got. What happened with our sales in January and February, ourselves were doing okay. And then in March, they have spiked up. And as Rodney quoted, in April, they are spiked up yet again. So what we’ve done is we’ve procured additional cans from South America and from Asia that will start coming in late in the second quarter. We also have new can companies that are opening their doors later this year, and we will be drawing cans from those companies as well. So to answer your question about the first quarter, yes, there was an impact. And the big impact, as we mentioned, in the release and on this call is that the bigger impact was these freight in costs where we were drawing product, for example, from Canada, and we were shipping product from various locations to our distribution center that impacted cost of sales. We also had – we broke our orbits. In other words, we’ve always tried to manufacture and sell within regions to avoid excessive shipping costs. We had to break that this year to satisfy consumer demand and so that was another factor that impinged on the results. But the margin was impacted by – not only by those freight costs, but – excuse me, as we mentioned by the promotional allowances that were higher in the second quarter across the board. And also, from our geographical sales mix, because as you know, we sold a significantly higher percentage of product overseas than we did in the U.S. So it’s the same story that we’ve experienced and we’ve spoken to shareholders, the more we sell overseas, the lower is our gross margin percentage. But again, I must caution shareholders that we bank dollars, we don’t bank gross profit percentages. And in taking the decisions we took in the first quarter, it was important to do so to satisfy demand. We knew the profitability would be higher, but the percentage may, in fact, be lower, which it was.
Rodney Sacks: Perhaps I’ll take the part of it, and Hilton can take part of it. On True North, we are, as I indicated, we are going to have limited sales just going into and seeding the market this year. The full launch and rollout will take place early in – from the beginning or early in 2022. So it will – we think it will have an impact in 2022, and we will have much less of an impact this year.
Rodney Sacks: Yes. Just – and then just to complete your question with regard to the alcoholic CELSIUS side. I don’t think you can assume that we are going into it or not going into it. Don’t make that assumption. We’ve addressed the nonalcoholic sell some market. We’ve decided a strategy, and we’ve developed products. And align, and we are going to launch that line. As regards to alcoholic sensing, we are still looking at the market. I think if you have been watching the market, I’m sure the analysts have been. I think you’ve seen quite a lot of – a fortune of new products being launched, many – in cases from the same companies, just different variants. Throwing them against the wall and seeing what’s going to stick. What you’ve also seen in the last 3 months, what we’ve noticed is quite a falloff in the rate of increase in the category. And as the category is maturing, so the increase is also tempering. So we are involved in looking at that category in developing products and as I think I’ve said in the last call, we simply don’t want to launch a product. That’s me-too and that follows everyone else. It’s just no point in that and taking the time and effort and detracting from our focus on our core energy brands and portfolio, where we get a better return and have, obviously, it’s much easier for us to get meaningful sales. But we are continuing to monitor the alcoholic energy seltzer category. And we may well do something in that. But how we do it and what we do it is still not being determined and still not – we don’t have a firm direction. So, all I can really say is just that we are addressing it, but we shouldn’t assume that we are definitely going to go ahead or definitely not going to go ahead or how.
Rodney Sacks: Thanks very much. On behalf of Monster, I’d like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy it’s remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We believe that we will be able to navigate through the challenges ahead as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and hope that this unfortunate situation will resolve itself in the near future. We believe that we are well positioned in the energy drink category and continue to be optimistic about our total portfolio of energy drink brands. We hope that you will all stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: So Laurent, we spoke about the first quarter. In the first quarter, the impact of the aluminum can costs were not a major factor. And as you know, and everyone else on the call probably knows as well that we have suffered significant and will set a significant increases in aluminum costs going forward. So for example, it’s no secret, but if you look back on a year ago, aluminum costs are up 83.6%, including the Midwest premium in the U.S., and they are up 71%, 71.1% in Europe. So as we go forward, we may not have some of the cost impacts on gross margin, but we certainly will have impacts on aluminum in the second and subsequent quarters. So for me to talk more about the first quarter, we don’t actually give the numbers out that you’re asking for. But what I can say is that I don’t expect the margins to improve going forward this year. I expect that we will not – that our margins will not improve as we go into the second, third. Possibly the fourth quarter, I think things will be better. That’s my analysis. But certainly in the second and third quarter, we will continue to suffer gross margin percentage in our stress gross margin percentage erosion.
Hilton Schlosberg: So that’s obviously something that we’re very aware about on pricing. I know what some of our competitors, some of the big beverage companies have spoken about with regard to pricing. But I’m not sure that we would take – move ourselves. Last time we went ahead and did it irrespective of Red Bull’s strategy with regard to pricing. They – I think this time around, we’re examining what they will be doing. Remember, they are importing a substantial amount of their cans and product from overseas. So we will be watching that. But there are other ways to take price up, for example, we can reassess, which we are doing, structure of promotional allowances to move margins in a more positive direction. But again, we don’t want to disturb the business that is doing very well. Our share is – we’re happy with where the business is going. We’re happy with our share, and we know when to disturb what we already have. So we bring in cans from abroad, as I said, we’re getting new cans in the system later on in the year. And as far as we’re concerned, we will continue to examine the opportunity to take price. And if necessary, as I’ve said, we’re looking at on our promotional allowances as well.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. Andrea, you were talking about margins. As I said, I don’t think margins will get better in the second and the third quarter, margin percentages, but with robust sales which is obviously something that we’re looking at in terms of our own forecasting, although we don’t give guidance, we must look at the bottom line, and we must not necessarily look at percentages. Because what we have to do as part of our everyday function is to satisfy the demand of our customers because the last thing we want to do is to have our bottlers on the line without inventory, our consumers gravitating to other products. And we have to maintain the status quo. The company is doing really well on the top line. And we, hopefully, will continue to do so.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. I think pricing, I said to you, we’re continuing to evaluate. And we’re doing this on a honestly, on a daily basis. We would like Red Bull to lead, but if they don’t lead, we will make a decision as to where we should or shouldn’t go with regard to pricing. With regard to promotional allowances, that is correct. We will – we are putting back promotional allowances, and you should see – we should see some impact in future quarters.
Hilton Schlosberg: So maybe I’ll just take the first one, and then we will get Rodney to take the second one. So Dara, if you look at April sales, for example, and you take out – you strip out what happened in 2020. And you can see that there was a very big impact in sales in the second quarter and a very positive impact. So it is presenting challenges to the supply chain team, and we are doing everything we can to ensure that we’re able to keep as much as possible in stock. In fact, we’re focusing on the SKUs that are generating the significant part of our volumes at the expense of SKUs that are not performing as well. So that’s really where we’re at with regard to the second quarter. We will be getting cans in. If these port issues resolve themselves, and we will – we’re trying as best as we can to get back in stock as soon as possible.
