Rodney Sacks: Thanks. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: Of a pickup may add -- sorry, just been a little bit of a pickup in the last week. If you look at the single last week's numbers, again, that's a very short period, but we are seeing a pickup in convenience with the price increase -- effective price increase, it still is translating. So we'll see how that extends.
Rodney Sacks: I think that the CANarchy acquisition is not the complete answer to everything. They are craft brands. They are -- they have a distribution network. They have some sales of brands. We do have a good infrastructure in staff there, and we have -- we're going to use that to build on. We are going to look at taking the distribution system, refining a little bit. We're looking at addressing their products and taking steps to invigorate their sales and looking at our own products that we've been developing, that we have discussed previously and taking and deciding where to and help to launch those through the CANarchy system. And we will separately address the possible M&A of additional brands, whether in a -- sort of in the malt side, the beer side or the spirit side. Those are things that are opportunities. But again, we're looking at the whole business now and reviewing it, but it's the platform that is really good for us. And I think that is what is -- that's the function that's going to serve for us. We are going to obviously have to address issues and other matters in getting that fully implemented. It's not just a perfect system that we've taken over. But it's a good base for us, and we're going to build on it, and we're very confident and we're very pleased with having closed that acquisition, which will give us the springboard from here on.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of the company, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continue to innovate, to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular, to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We believe that we are well positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you will stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: Well, Kaumil, I think that we've been through enlisted the supply chain challenges. And I'm not sure it's worthwhile repeating what we said earlier. But what we did mention on the call and gave some numbers was that the -- certain of those costs in the supply chain are expected to be transitory. And that is, for example, we do satisfy demand, we opened up what we regarded as orbits where we manufactured and distributed within specific geographies. And to satisfy demand, we had to open up those orbits. And the cost of that was pretty exceptional. And we detailed that, I think, on this call. Also to import cans from abroad is a very expensive exercise, as you can imagine. And that we see kind of mitigating in 2022. We have 2 new suppliers coming on stream and they aren't -- in fact, they are on stream. So we will be reducing our dependence on imported cans certainly in the U.S., and then we'll buy some cans, not to the same degree as we did in the first half. And the second half will be -- we believe we'll be self-sufficient with cans in the U.S. In EMEA, we'll continue to input cans, but they will kind of tail off in the second half of the year. So there are some of these costs that are transitory. Some of the costs may stick. There's been costs across the board, and we had a big shock this morning. As no doubt you guys did as well with aluminum, where aluminum plus the Midwest index went up to $1.97 a pound as opposed to what we were paying in last year of just kind of half of that. So there are a lot of costs that are coming to us. The cost that we can mitigate, the cost that we may not be able to mitigate. Now we'll aluminum stay at this level? I don't think anyone knows. So overall, I think we are navigating well through these supply chain challenges. And we're doing the very best we can to ensure that our customers receive product because at the end of the day, as I've always said to this audience, we bank dollars, we don't bank margins, and we have enough profitability in the system to be able to do what we've been doing and make a profit. And unfortunately, the result is that the GP percentage does come down, but we expect that this will not last forever and that margins will be back to some degree as we move forward.
Hilton Schlosberg: Well, let's go back to the -- your second question. That number -- the U.S. is very close to that number for January. So we can -- we have a lot of unmeasured channels in our system, and Nielsen is not always a good indicator of our sales to our distributors. So let's go -- if we can, let's take a step back and look at your -- and address your first question. So aluminum jumped up today significantly. It's been moving up I gave you the number as of today, as of yesterday, it was $0.10 a ton less than that. So with this war and everything else going on in the world, I can't say for certain, and I don't think anyone can tell you what aluminum is going to do and what it's going to be. And obviously, with most of our products being packaged in aluminum cans that is a significant item. Looking back at some of your other comments, I mentioned that -- we mentioned at least on the script that we have sufficient cans now. So we're able to start working towards closing off and close going back to the orbits, which means that trading costs should significantly reduce. When? I can't say for certain, but it's going to happen. Other costs in the system are being controlled. And so what -- looking forward, I think that we will continue to have a difficult 2022. Will the margins stay at the level that we talked about on this call? I don't know. Honestly, a lot depends on what happens with aluminum. So the rest of the stuff is coming under control. I mentioned that we were importing less cans into the U.S. than we did in 2020. That will have a positive impact on margins from the second half of the year will be -- we believe, will be totally self-sufficient with cans in the U.S. So that's a positive factor. And then in EMEA, we will be importing cans in the first half with a significant reduction in the second half. So there's a lot of good things in the cost story, but unfortunately, it is what it is. On the sales side and price increases, we spoke about that. On previous calls, as you know, we have a play that we're running, irrespective, really, I think, of what Red Bull is doing, we've come to the conclusion that we're going to run our own play. We know what we want to do, and we're working on reducing promotional ounces. You've seen prices go up already in the trade, and you've seen them going up in Nielsen. So that is something that is happening as well. What else do I want to say? So we spoke about prices went up in the -- through reductions in promotional launches in the quarter that we look at, although at a very modest degree. And as we go through 2022, you'll see prices -- price increases in our business accelerating.
Hilton Schlosberg: So you've seen the convenience and gas numbers in Nielsen. They are somewhat lower than the rest of the market of recent. But we've been through higher gas prices before and they haven't really impacted sales. But we are seeing -- if you look at the Nielsen, you'll see that the numbers in convenience and gas in the energy category are reducing. So whether they'll stay at that level, I don't know. But we have been through this before, and we haven't seen a slowdown in sales and energy in the convenience and gas market. And then looking at pricing --
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes, it's a 1-week number, sure. And with regard to pricing, we spoke about what we were doing to increase pricing. We're running our play. 24 ounces going up April 1 in low double-digit numbers. So that will be a nice percentage in 24 ounce. And the rest, we're working on, as you know, with our revenue growth management department working on taking promotional allowances down to achieve the same result as a price increase. But we're continuing to monitor whether we need to take a general price increase or not. And if we have to, we will and in particular, with regard to metal, and we don't know where metal is going. But with regard to metal, if it becomes a permanent situation, yes, then we probably have to reconsider and decide what else could be done on the pricing front, but we're not ruling out a general price increase.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. Well, those countries, including Belarus, in Kazakhstan, which really work within that region account for about 10% of our sales in our EMEA sales. So we have a nice business in Russia, which -- we have to see what happens there, and we have a reasonable business in Ukraine. We have staff and we have people in those countries. And it's really concerning is to -- we don't know what will happen, and it's really concerning, frankly.
