Rodney Sacks: I think most of the answers comparatively based on a quarter by -- comparable quarter for last year.
Rodney Sacks: I think we made the point, Bill, when we spoke about gross profit that the additional promotional allowances in the quarter and other items had the impact of increasing gross profit margin by approximately 2%. So in that I think what we try to suggest that these promotional allowances, the reduction in promotional allowances may not necessarily endure over the quarters in 2017.
Rodney Sacks: We're just dealing with Mutant. Mutant we went through this a few times. We repositioned Mutant in selected channels at full pricing. We've not been aggressive in our promotion. If you look at the average pricing in Nielsen, Mutant is at average pricing in all the different periods depending which period you look at it's still above 196. If you compare that, that's quite a substantial premium to the other soft drinks and its main competitive soft drink that we're looking at competing, with which is Mountain Dew. And so we have strategically not promoted Mutant during the winter period. We are taking steps to deal with expanded distribution. We will obviously increase our promotional and other activities around the brand as we continue to go into spring and summer. So when we look at the numbers and we look at the sales per point, we think the sales per point are pretty good in relation to a lot of the other well established brands in the area. If you look at the last four weeks that has dropped off a little bit again because of the -- we believe the lack of promotional spend and behind the brand that that was intentional in this period of time. It is a soda and we are looking to as I expand distribution, expand the channels and also become substantially more active in the promotion that's driving us starts going into spring now. So we are still positive about the brand and its prospects and sell to particularly where we have seen at the substantial price premium, we've seen substantial sales per point that are higher than a lot of very well established brands that are being around for a long time.
Rodney Sacks: There are another, couple of other key channels where we have secured listings and we will be. Those are things will start coming through in April and May. So we do have ongoing plans to basically ramp up for put effort and focus behind the brand.
Rodney Sacks: Then just talking about the Mark's question, there is a bigger divergence but that is the fact of matter is that the non-major channel are continuing to expand for us. We are dealing in the non-major area. We also have some concerns about the accuracy and the represented nature of the convenience data which does seem to us to be a little more inaccurate in relation to as compared for example to grocery where we think there is a closer correlation and a better read. And that's just a fact of life. But we are where we are on our sales and we continue to see increases, although clearly there is some softening in the convenience channel.
Rodney Sacks: No, not that we've seen. And I think that the bottlers would be -- will be building up inventory of Monster in their system either.
Rodney Sacks: I think it would be -- it will be more in line with our traditional launches. But again we generally do launch through a bubble up process, somewhat more or less extensive but that's generally how we've always launched our products, it's regarding to selective chains and into launch but it will be a more extensive launch than we had for Mutant. Mutant was very exceptional launch and it was very limited by design and by strategy and being off cycle Hydro will be a more broader based launch going out. But clearly initial focus will be on the convenience and gas and independent channels, et cetera.
Rodney Sacks: Yes. And I'm not sure about the quarter but in my review one less in the quarter. We know there is one less in February but we haven't done the exercise. So I think just mathematically that is right.
Rodney Sacks: On Brazil, Brazil a very unique market. The country at the moment is struggling obviously talk of it being almost in the depression and so there are challenges. We also have a group of 10 bottlers; it's a little bit different to Chile. Chile there were two main bottlers they really, we started to have some pretty -- we really had some pretty good momentum for the brand. It was well established, it doesn't have a deep distribution but where it was, it was already selling into the high-teens and doing pretty nicely. So when the two Coke bottlers in Chile took it over, they really didn't price the brand and obviously we're able to sort of more structured market, we're able to expand the market, rather up probably more quickly and more I think efficiently than is the case in Brazil. And so the results have been very good. And we've been very encouraged by the results. In the case of the Brazilian market, it is a much more non-traditional market you have literally well over a million of these little traditional stores all over the place and they are audit get you, audit of service and grow invariably, there is a very, very large and interpret wholesale system that helps get to these stores and it's just you're just not comparing apples-and-apples. So we've got to manage a group of 10 odd bottlers in a very different environment, countries and also that is going through tough financial conditions at the moment. But that being said, we think that will take some time, but as it has in many of the current markets where you do deal with these very big bottlers or basically groups of bottlers it takes time for them to get coordinated and get their system going. But when it does start going, it does really work, it does improve and so we're very encouraged by what we've seen. We are at a point now where we are selling at a rate which is higher than we've ever sold even when we were with our previous distributor at the peak before we announced the KO transaction and they tended to lose interest in the brand and stop putting the effort behind this because they were also a good distributor. And so we're encouraged by where we're going but it will take time to build up. The good news is that it's a big energy market. We do quite nicely with Burn there and really these by far the largest player is Red Bull. That is really our main competitor and we are at sort of a similar price point, which for us means that we would -- gives us a lot of opportunity to grow into that market against the Red Bull share which is at a premium price and is not at the low-end. They do have low end brands but at least we know there is a lot of good business to be gone off at this but it's going to take time to develop.
Rodney Sacks: Well McDonalds the test is continuing, they don't make mutinous decision, so that test is continuing. And with Dunkin Donuts, we are distributed in a number of their outlets, so that's not. I mean we alluded earlier to the fact that we were launching Mutant in a number of -- number of chains later this year and you can read into that, but certainly one of them is a major retailer.
Rodney Sacks: On the half of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the Company. We continue to believe in the Company and our growth strategy, and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the Company, both at home and abroad, and in particular, to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottler system internationally. We are also particularly excited by the new opportunities that we have going forward, with a portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world, comprised of our Monster Energy brand, together with the strategic brands, as well as Mutant. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: I think there is one other point that we need to focus on and that is that the permanent shift will be done and the placements will be done in March. So we launched Mutant off-cycle, which means that in many cases the product is on space where the bottlers could find space for the product. And in March, the sets, the new sets will become available in the convenience and gas channel where the product is sold.
Hilton Schlosberg: I think it's also anticipated that the -- this is not a full blowing launch; it is also called a bubble up launch. There is only launch in convenience retail in chains in convenience retail that was rolled out to Mom and Pop to a limited degree and that's where we're at this time. As Rodney said, there will be further listing that have been secured that will take place starting in April.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes, exactly. We're -- just to be clear, I mean, we run our business quarter-by-quarter and while selling days obviously are important because sales have generated on each day. We've never looked at our business and never tried to explain our business based on one or less selling day and I just want to be clear on that.
Hilton Schlosberg: I think it's premature at this time to give more detail on that launch. We'll start going through, as we said in spring and then I think that would be in a much better position to give you much more color on Mutant's and the activities that we have then behind it when we report our first quarter results in the first week of May.
