Rodney Cyril Sacks: We got to get you to start asking single questions, because our memory is not good enough to have all six of them all answered.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Two, but the two gets subdivided into categories. I'm not quite sure how many they are. But okay. Just going back to what, I think, everybody has noticed that there's been a slight decline in the monthly or 4-week or 13-week numbers coming out of Nielsen for the category. And you saw that in the numbers, as we indicated earlier now, and I think, Judy, you published numbers over the past couple of months as well, and it showed there has been a decline. Monster has grown ahead – is growing ahead of the category, which I think is the important news, and we're continuing to take share, and that's in all the major channels. What has been quite interesting is that part of our growth has been coming from the other major channels, traditionally or historically, we sort of grew more in the convenience channel, and we're now starting to grow – we were underrepresented in grocery and drug and some of the other independent channels, and we are starting to pick up higher growth in those channels. So if you look at our Nielsen numbers for convenience and then you look at all measured, we're actually growing more in all measured than the convenience. We still believe that the trends are healthy for Monster. If we look at the gross sales, the key product in the gross sales, Monster Green, is still continuing to be positive. We are getting good traction in the Ultra line in the U.S. and internationally, as I indicated earlier in the call in Europe. And then generally, we are getting growth again in lines that had sort of leveled off a little bit like Rehab and the juice lines, they're both in growth again. And obviously what's quite exciting is the Java line; in fact, in the last 4 weeks, the Java line generally is up at a higher growth rate than it has been reported and has been sort of in the last quarter. So that's where we see the numbers. Obviously, the non-measured channels are also growing. Wal-Mart has been – is a big – an important customer for us, and those channels are growing. And that's why even in relation to July, I did want to mention that we looked at the all measured channels for the 4 weeks because that continues to grow at 7.5%.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: No, that's fine. What was happening was you have FEMSA that has a lot of areas in which they have operations. And even though they're in different countries, they don't necessarily fill up (42:04) the whole country. So ultimately, we spent a lot of time ultimately in negotiating and getting to a deal with FEMSA. Once we're done there, it didn't facilitated moving quite quickly with other bottlers in each of these different countries. So as we indicated in the call, we have transitioned the whole of Mexico to all of the bottlers that comprised the Coca-Cola group in Mexico, and that has already started as of last week. In the case of the planned transition in Brazil, it will be to all of the bottlers at the same time. The whole group of bottlers have signed agreements with us. We're waiting until that all has happened at one time, and we will transition the whole country on November 1. In the case of Chile, there are two bottlers, we are going to the whole country. In the case of Brazil – sorry, Colombia, there may be some small areas, but really it pretty much is FEMSA. We've already transitioned Peru, and we will be transitioning the other countries. So it will be pretty much the whole area. We will also be starting Central America and going to countries at a time in the Caribbean. We will be making that quite extensively, and that's not the same, for example, in which I indicated in China, where we are looking at – at the three main bottlers, but we are looking at that as such a big country, we're looking at selected areas and selected operating units first to go into then to launch in the second area with the second bottler, then in the third area, which are large towns, for example, we are looking at focusing in Beijing, in Shanghai and in Guangzhou, those areas, and then launching and then going to rolling it out to the different BU, operating units as we go forward.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yes, and so we have come to – that was part of the arrangements that we know you spent time negotiating with those two – with FEMSA and all of the two principal bottlers. That is correct, and so that is a more extensive rollout over the next – coming months in Latin America.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think that each country is unique. Where we've been in countries, and we've transitioned, you obviously are going into all channels. Where you run into smaller countries, particularly where you got a bottler with good connections with some of the measured channels of the modern trade, you are going to the independent stores and the modern trade and grocery at the same time. Other markets, we just generally try and focus first on the down the street and the independent markets and then go into the market. So you can't – there's no single formula for all of these markets. There isn't even a single formula for which markets you're going into. These are being done on opportunistically on the basis that when we are able to conclude agreements with the Coke bottlers, when we're able to properly terminate on due notice to our existing bottlers if there are bottlers in those markets and – we will then go into markets. I mean, you take Argentina, there we haven't gone into the market – in that market, we are at the moment engaged in planning production and looking at the changes being made to the line in order to accommodate our product. And then once that's done, we are working through the value chains with the local Coke bottlers in Argentina, then hopefully, we will come to an agreement with them and then plan a launch. So that takes a much longer time, and it's a longer planning process than in other countries. So every country is different and while we expect countries A, B and C to be the third quarter, and D, E and F to be the fourth quarter, you may end up with A, B and D in the third quarter and C, E and F in the fourth quarter. So it changes literally from month-to-month. So I can't give you a set plan of this on how it's coming in. And again, as to the contribution, it changes differently. Some markets the bottlers are – get more instant distribution and our sales are at a higher rate. Some markets, it takes time for the bottlers to get to understand our brand, the velocity. It has a different velocity to traditional beverages; it doesn't start off at a high velocity in what would be the normal or ordinary high-volume accounts. It needs to be bought in the smaller stores where it's served cold and sold cold, one can at a time. And so sometimes that takes a lot of getting used to by the bottlers and it takes time. So there is no magical ramp-up the day you start that you have a magical set of things. It just takes time and builds and continues to build. So we're at the stage where we really are transitioning a lot of markets now and there are different stages, and we have been for some months, and these are going to continue to build over the rest of this year and in 2017.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Okay. Let me deal with the China first. In the case of China, we already have product approvals, and we have manufacturing approvals, with two of the three bottlers. With the third bottler, we have product approval and we're pretty much, I think, we're almost through with the product, I don't think we've actually seen it, but I think it should be imminent, and then we'll go through the manufacturing approval process. We don't see any problem with that. It's already been approved by two independent Chinese authorities or provinces and that should be fine. And even if there were some technical hiccups, we could supply product from the Shanghai area, for example, to one of the other areas, and produce it there. So those shouldn't be issues. We just – obviously, we are in the planning stages. We're just trying to get to the finish line on a couple of issues, on the value chains and the sharing and basically just some contractual terms. We think we should be, be there. It started off with a very big laundry list and we're down to a very few items now. So, we're quite comfortable that we will get there. On the strategic brands, on the run rate, you didn't have a full quarter last year, whereas you did have the full quarter this year. The full quarter...
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Right. And so basically, I think, if you take the – what you will get in the 10-Q, you'll get the breakout in the sectors, and you will get – which will now be called the strategic brand sector, you will get the numbers in that sector, which will give you, we think, to be – which will be indicative of future quarters and the run rate. But again, subject to seasonality, et cetera. But that will be more in line as we go forward. There is a little bit of finished product in sales in that sector, which it doesn't – it really doesn't affect it very much. It's a little bit of noise. If that starts growing a little more, it obviously may have a bit more of the effect, for example, and the reason we are saying that, and pulling it out, and that's why we're putting it into the different sector. For example, in the case of NOS in the U.S., we converted the 22-ounce plastic bottle, sort of that unique NOS bottle, but wasn't really practical to have produced and shipped and on shelves, and we converted that and changed it into our 24-ounce resealable can. So we re-launched the 24-ounce resealable can. It is a good product and it's doing nicely. But that product, the Coca-Cola bottlers who are manufacturing NOS off a concentrate model do not have the ability to manufacture the 24-ounce cap-can. So we are having it manufactured and supplied on a finished product basis. So again, there are some anomalies like this, there is a little bit of finished products in Germany on strategic products, because we changed Relentless into a 355-ml slim can. And again, the Coke production plant that was producing Relentless in a 500-ml can before we made the change to the design to the packaging and the pack size, didn't have either the capacity or the ability, I'm not sure which, but – to do so, so we are producing it at one of our co-packers and selling finished product. So that might have an effect on your sale proceeds and slightly smaller margins, because of just the nature of selling concentrate at a higher margin. But we think at the moment that is not a meaningful number in that sector.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: It's wasn't. That's our actual estimate, and we are saying that, we actually had 10% less selling days. I mean, that's why we made that point, yes.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: We're not going to extrapolate, but we think that, obviously, that does happen, I mean, if you're selling, you're selling, and you just don't have those deliveries. So, it's a delivery up and that's why we again pointed to the fact that the retail sale numbers going out of the store is up substantially higher than, for example, our sales are showing. And that's why we really are cautious because this single month is a very, very difficult month to start trying to look at and look at trends and this happens to be one of those months where we looked – we can all see the number and say, okay, but you look at these other factors, and we just don't feel there's any significance to it. But that's how we read, and we run the business more on a trend basis than a single period of time.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: All right, then of the Hydro side, we are dealing with the planning on that product, but we really focusing on getting Mutant down into the market and doing that and we have our sales team and obviously the Coke bottlers have theirs, so you want to focus on one thing at a time. We do propose to follow with Hydro launch. We think that may still be – we're anticipating in the fourth quarter. Again, it may be subject to getting the cooperation and the ability of the bottlers to focus when they get to that holiday season that does become a bit tight. But subject to that, we should be able to get Hydro after, again, later in the fourth quarter. And then we do have one or two additional product – innovation product lines, one particular one planned for launch towards the end of the year, beginning of next year. But again, depending on simply timing, we may get the products done and shipped at the end of year, but probably will be fully launched in January or late January. So there is the sort of the innovation pipeline going forward. There are a number of individual items that we are still also looking at introducing in this period in the next couple of months – next six months.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of the company, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy, and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company, both at home and abroad, and in particular, to expand distribution of our product through the Coca-Cola bottler system internationally. We are particularly excited about the new opportunities that we have going forward, with a robust portfolio of energy drink product throughout the world, comprised of our Monster Energy brand, together with the strategic brands, as well as for our new Mutant product line. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Judy, there's two points I would like to make. Firstly, the benefit of the Coca-Cola transaction is, in fact, in the drug and retail channels, as well as in the non-measured channels, and we are making significant progress with the Coca-Cola organization in the non-measured channel.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Yes. And what I would say is, while we don't give guidance, I think, you can look at some markets that have been transitioned. We spoke, for example, on the call about Germany, which was transitioned last year. We spoke about South Korea, and you can look at some of those markets. I'm not saying that's indicative of all markets going forward, but certainly there's been a lot of progress with some of the Coca-Cola bottlers internationally. And we do expect good – that's why the transaction was done, we expect good performance from those bottlers as we go forward.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Okay, firstly, we don't give guidance. So, I'm not going to comment on gross margins going forward. What I can tell you is that, in the quarter, because of the accounting and for the consolidation of AFF, we did not get the benefit of the lower cost of goods in this quarter because we had the inventory, and they had the inventory and everything was related to fair value adjustment. So we did not get the benefit of the, A, lower cost of sales in this quarter. We will get it in subsequent quarters. If you look at what that number should have been had we not had to account for – on these fair value adjustment methods, we would've added $24 million to our gross profit. And whatever that percentage is, that's what the percentage is.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: So sales teams have been not making calls on Mutant, and many of the retailers, many of the major retailers, and in general, the reception has been good. I'm not sure that of any negatives that have been portrayed so far. We have very specific merchandising objectives for this product. It's not going to compromise our space or the Coca-Cola space. So we've very specific merchandising objectives, and all I can say, and I don't want to say too much, but the launch is proceeding in accordance with plan, and the communication with the retailers is also proceeding in accordance with plan. We have not had any negatives to speak of.
