Rodney Sacks: 0.06 million shares at an average purchase price of $134.12 per share. The company has approximately $250 million available under its current board authorize repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $1.2 billion compared to $370.3 million at December 31, 2014. Short-term investments were $1.5 billion compared to $781.1 million at December 31, 2014. Long-term investments decreased to $34.4 million from $42.9 million at December 31, 2014. Including short and long-term investments our auction rate security is $1.5 million, which are now being redeemed in full. Days outstanding for accounts receivables were 43 days at September 30, 2015 and 36.4 days at December 31, 2014 compared to 38.5 days at September 30, 2014. Inventory decreased to $159.7 million from $174.6 million at December 31, 2014. Average days of inventory was 49.4 days at September 30, 2015 which was lower than the 57.4 days of inventory at December 31, 2014 and lower than the 62.9 days at September 30, 2014. In November we will be launching Pipeline Punch as well as Ultra Black nationally. Our reposition of Monster Energy Rehab, Juice Monster and Punch Monster lines all continue to make good progress. We are planning to launch additional new products early in 2016. Gross sales in October 2015 in dollars adjusted for the advance purchases I referred to earlier were approximately 6.8% higher than October 2014. In local currencies gross sales in October adjusted for the advanced purchases I referred to earlier were approximately 10.6% higher than in October 2014. October 2014 included the old warehouse division and Peach Tea. October 2014 comes to a high. October also had one less selling days in October 2014 and was also negatively impacted by the production issues experienced in Great Britain. We caution again that sales in a single month and over a short period are often disproportionately impacted by various factors such as, for example, selling days, days of the week in which holidays fall, timing of new product launches and the timing of price increases and promotions in retail stores, and should not necessarily be imputed to or regarded as indicative of results for the full quarter or any future period. In conclusion I'd like to summarize some recent positive points. One, we continue to be pleased with the Coca-Cola transaction and the opportunity that this presents to the company. Two, North American and international gross margins are healthy and continue to improve. Three, the U.S. Nielsen market statistics show that the energy category is continuing to grow. Four, the new additions to the Monster family continue to gain market share and add to the company's sales. Ultra continues to perform well, we believe that the changes made to and the repositioning of our Rehab, Juice and Punch Monsters lines have been positive. With regard to international markets, we are particularly pleased with the performance of a number of our international markets, particularly Japan, Great Britain, Germany, France, Belgium, Sweden, Chile, Ireland and Greece. I'd like to open the floor to questions about the quarter. Thank you.
Rodney Sacks: I think that much of what you're asking is really forward-looking, which we have historically not given and we're not going to give. So the large part of your question will remain unanswered. We don't believe there is - at this point, our intention in launching in Russia is not going to be different to the way we have historically launched. And there may be some changes in China but it's too premature for us to even make that decision. We've not made it. We are at the moment evaluating the market and how we're going to go to market in Russia. Again, we do not believe that those would be extraordinarily high or different in any way to how we've gone in the past but it really is premature for us to give you any real indication on that. With regards to the tax rate, Hilton will give you some response on that going forward and I'll hand over to him.
Rodney Sacks: Yeah, just to start with the Nielsen in October, the months particularly of October was sort of a choppy month. And we just think that it's the timing of promotions, the timing of launches. Things are sort of - with all these other factors, we think they did have some influence over it. We don't believe that it will be ongoing but we believe that the rest of the quarter will improve. But we still see strength in the category. We have a number of new products launches planned for the beginning, early next year and running through a number of quarters next year. So we believe that you just should not have that high regard or influence on the single month's numbers. With regard to the split between the legacy, we've given you that split throughout the company. We haven't divided it into the U.S. versus the rest of the world. And I don't have that debt number about what we've done it. We look at it in country by country and regions. So I don't have that really but I'm not sure that we should be providing that information at this point we know because then that starts creating other issues and segments. And so at this point we'd like to just leave it at the Finished Products and Concentrates segments as a group going forward.
Rodney Sacks: Well, again it depends on how you, you've got to look at the two-year step numbers and where we were. So those have quite a big impact on share, or if you take share loss. Red Bull's numbers are basically been a percent or two above ours generally. And but again, they had - they took a price increase in January at a slightly higher level which seems to have stuck. We are really just starting to try and get the - our price level solidified. But if you look at cases and units, then our market share in fact increased and ahead of Red Bull's.
Rodney Sacks: And it's been trending that way for the last three months. We've been increasing share. So these figures are sometimes - you've got to read, depends how you read them.
Rodney Sacks: I think that we don't believe there will be any attrition in our business. The whole strategy is that in those countries that we stay with our existing distributors like Japan, then they will stay with whatever portfolio they have and if we have portfolio that we've acquired, in Japan there just isn't one but in other countries where there is one then that will be managed through the Coke bottler. We've taken assignment of the Coke distribution arrangement or contract and that will simply be managed. In the cases where we are going to transition Monster, we are going to transition them and the outputs are managed separately. You've got Monster going into that bottler and we obviously have bought and paid for the strategic brand and we are going to manage those brands. It is our job basically to try which is different to how Coke obviously looks at their competitors, but now that we have both brands in our country, we're going to look to try and segment them and position them differently. But they both are important brands they both are, in each country good contributors to our bottom line and to our growth as a company and to giving us a stronger position, overall in the energy category in that country if you aggregate the two brands, in many countries it gives us a very strong and leading position, which I think also helps us. And obviously from a management point of view, where we can use the same stop we will try to rationalize it. But in some cases we feel you do need additional stops to take in focus on their own brand in a country. So I don't' think there will be attrition. The attrition will come from if the brand is not strong enough in a particular country to sustain its distribution or shelf space then there will be attrition but obviously we're going to try and put focus on this and try to avoid that. So at the moment, obviously we are going through a learning curve with some of then we brands. We are repositioning the new brands, we are looking to redesign them and reevaluate their size, containers, and whether we need a different size or a single size. Some of them there are too many size containers and different flavors in different countries for the same brand. We are trying to rationalize some of these and improve some of the flavors. We have plans to introduce some innovation and some new flavors for these brands, these strategic brands in 2016. So we are positive about them and that they will be managed differently and they will be managed separately, but we obviously are looking to put support behind and to do our best with all of the brands that we have in our portfolio with the energy focus. That remains our focus in that category.
Rodney Sacks: I'll let Hilton answer the second one. I'll address the first one, which divides the questions up. On distribution in China, we are looking at going into China not very differently to how we've addressed most of the markets where we believe we have the best prospect of success. And again, without having taken a final decision, it is unlikely that we're going to have some sort of massive national launch with big TV campaigns behind it. We like to go into a country, we'll take a number of areas or types of chains or class of business and focus on that and roll it out. And it may mean that it takes some time. It doesn't - it may not go through all of the provinces. China is very, very big. It's like saying in America, how would we launch? Well we launched in America in one county, in San Diego. And we launched in one county in Northern California. And then you sit down and grow from there and develop it. We think that that type of launch, and not necessarily one county, I mean one city, but that type of launch is far better. If it's a smaller country, it's a lot easier to get your distribution up. But China is a massive country, it's like a continent. And we're still working through the strategy as to how do we launch, where do we launch, what cities do we launch in, do we launch a little slower in two different or three different types of cities, more modern or a little more traditional, get the responses and see how we position the brand. We're going into a new market with new culture and new consumers. And it is very, very, we believe, a great opportunity for the company and enormous growth. But we need to do it correctly and we need to do it right. And we're right in the middle of this process, so it's premature for us to give you any further direction. As to the process, there are a number of alternative categories in which we believe our drinks can conform. We've made applications in two places for our products in two or three different categories. Those are currently being processed. I don't know how long it'll take. We don't think that they will take that long. We think - we are hoping in the next few months to start getting some positive response and maybe get some approvals but we really don't know how long it is. We've not done it before so we don't know. And we do have different ingredients and therefore a different time line. We can't just simply look back and compare a soda and say, how long does it take for a soda to get approved? It's a different product with different ingredients. But we still believe that we have a good prospect of launching the first half, perhaps a little later than we thought maybe a few months ago but we still think that we have a good shot of going in the first half of launching in China. And perhaps, Hilton will then take your other question.
Rodney Sacks: On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy, and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad. We are particularly excited by the new opportunities that we have going forward with a robust portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world comprised of our Monster Energy brand together with our newly-acquired strategic brands. We believe that our agreements with the Coca-Cola Company will enable us to focus on our core energy business while leveraging the strength of The Coca-Cola Company's powerful distribution and bottling system on a worldwide scale. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. Kevin, there were two questions you asked. One was about margins and, as you know, we do not give guidance. However, what I can tell you is that we took a price increase on certain of our Monster 16-ounce line effective August 31. So we had one month of sales with increased prices and there were buy-ins in that period as well, which we referred to, and there were some buy-ins in September. So you can factor that into your analysis. The second thing is we have looked at the tax rate and we believe here and obviously we stand corrected but we think our tax rate should be more normalized at about 37.5%.
Hilton Schlosberg: We haven't - you'll see the statement information. You'll see Finished Goods and you'll see Concentrates in the Q, which we're hoping to release tomorrow or Monday. So you'll have that then. And we're looking forward as whether it will make sense to give case numbers.
Hilton Schlosberg: So and that's what I'm a little confused about, Caroline, because we mentioned on the call today that in convenience, which is a major sector, our share's actually higher than Red Bull's. So what you're looking at is year-on-year historical 2014 versus 2015. But if you look at the actual share, our share in convenience according to Nielsen is bigger than that of Red Bull.
Hilton Schlosberg: Judy, the Board is still reviewing options with regard to return of capital to shareholders and we will update shareholders once this decision has been finalized. At this time, no final decision has been taken how best to accommodate a buyback. You also asked a question about leverage and I think my answer is the same answer I've given in the past. Some of us may have a - personally have an aversion to that but it's a Board decision and the Board will determine what's in the best interests of shareholders and the company. So just watch this space. That's all I can say.
