Rodney Sacks: Sorry, I didn't hear you clearly. You talk about selling? Sorry, you just weren't clear, Kaumil, on the call.
Rodney Sacks: I think it is really just a factor of mix of products during the quarter. I don't think there's anything else to it.
Rodney Sacks: There weren't on the Monster side. There were some small increases in the [indiscernible], but I don't think that had any real impact on it. We think it really is attributable to a mix of products.
Rodney Sacks: As indicated, the selling expenses were still marginally higher because of the -- we're still investing in the brand, but when you go down to savings, we're at the bottom line in the G&A and payroll, and that should really help the percentages. But otherwise, they were pretty much in line with last year on a comparable basis.
Rodney Sacks: Probably there is a lower rate in the U.S., yes. I don't know the exact percentage, but there is a lower rate in the U.S.
Rodney Sacks: Some of the beverage companies we're talking about their sales, but they were talking about sales at Easter falling into different periods. We really don't have any color on that. For us, we look at the Nielsen trends that sort of are ahead of ourselves, look at the type bought from retail. And as I've indicated, the numbers, they're all strong. Maybe the convenience channels may be off a point or so on the last 4-week numbers. And there's no other reason. Again, it's just monthly. It's a very short period. It's ordering, it's when they order. I mean, a lot of orders, a lot of our purchases are through CCR now, depending on when they order at beginning of the month. And these have quite a big impact on the numbers. And we also have a very high comp. It just happened to be that last year in March was a strong March. And so you're trading off a very high comp as well. And that obviously affects it. But if you look at the -- just looking at the convenience in 4 weeks, the convenience was trending at basically 16.9%, 17.3%, 17.5% and then 15.9% for the last 4-week period. So we think it's a solid base but there is clearly a little bit of softness in that gauge. Even in the actual convenience numbers for energy and as I said, I think you're correct, we've seen that in some of the other announcements and discussions that have taken place in the industry. But again, I make the point, I want to make it clear that those are the numbers, but there's a long quarter still to go before we end the quarter and they shouldn't be taken as indicative of where we're likely to end up at the end of the quarter.
Rodney Sacks: Well, as we indicated, part of the input costs, which are basically the apple juice and aluminum -- no, no, no, which one we fixed? Sugar and aluminum are fixed. If you then take the remaining costs into account, a large component is our actual ingredients and supplements and they are reasonably stable. They've been subject to small increases as well as particular items have been subject to some increases, some ingredients. But generally, more, more stable than the raw material commodity prices. And then you look at the cost more likely to be impacted, which is aluminum cans, PET containers. And if you take that as a percentage of our total cost of goods, it is very, very much less impacted then, for example, the traditional beverage companies are. And so if you take all of those factors, we believe that, yes, we will see an impact but we don't believe it will ultimately be material. But there will be some impact but not material. We just don't want to quantify more because we ourselves are not exactly certain of where we are and the commodities are very fluid and we're buying on the spot markets. And so we don't know where they'll end up the year.
Rodney Sacks: We think it's too early to tell, more definitive than we have indicated. Our best sort of read was that we sort of -- that the product got out but people we sort of were anticipating waiting, and then some of these other companies were launching it and they were waiting for the TV, and we were waiting for them to get distribution up to a point that made TV sensible. You don't want to advertise to empty shelves. But what has happened in the end is that the distribution levels, as far as we've been able to entertain, sort of we're at the low 20 levels and we sort of then started to review spending a lot of money against distribution at that level. So we reduced some of the TV spend after we had started and pulled back and then had a number of, obviously, discussions with CCR and they'd put a focus of the brand and the distribution levels are moving up. The latest, I heard yesterday, it would seem to be we're moving up into the 30s levels, and it is moving up. And so as we see distribution being secured and availability, the product being available, we will -- the intention is to increase the TV spend to support the brand again. But it's really too premature at this point. I think by the next quarter, we'll be in a far better position to have a better read on Worx and how it's faring.
Rodney Sacks: Bill, let me, if I may, just talk about the hedging of aluminum. Obviously, we watch our commodities on a very frequent basis. In fact, daily with regard to aluminum. And we are reviewing the cost of commodities and we'll make a determination as we move forward what our strategy should be. Right now, we had covered a small portion of our aluminum in the first quarter but we are evaluating the strategy, and you know what happened today. As I said on my response to Judy, commodities came up significantly today and we are reviewing it on a very regular basis.
Rodney Sacks: I don't have the figures available. We just basically reduced our weekly spend that had been planned on a campaign. We had some, what I call, black periods in the white periods, whatever, that we would go on air and off air. So we just reduced the spend basically. It's easier for me to give you an idea of the spend, but not on what our plan was going to be. I don't have the number and I think it's not appropriate to go into what we are going to spend and how we're going to spend it. And then some of that is up in the air. A lot of that will depend on how quickly distribution levels are increased and how we haven't taken a decision on what to actually invest back in the spend at this point in time.
Rodney Sacks: Yes, but we did reduce the actual weekly spend quite a bit. Particularly, I think it was in March, we pulled back quite a bit. So we started off a little higher, then we pulled it back until we see where we are and then we'll invest again.
Rodney Sacks: No, it would bring the price per case number up, but it really doesn't have a material effect on us in the quarter. It had an effect but not a material effect.
Rodney Sacks: The answer is yes and no. We are becoming more profitable in many of the countries where we've been established for a long period of time, but there are exceptions to that rule. There are some countries that our stores, we're still incurring cost. But we see the ultimate benefit coming down the line. But the going forward, it's very difficult, Caroline, to give you an answer because we think that there is a good chance of us being able to reduce the losses. Certainly on a per-case basis we have. But we are continuing to expand and the actual expansion is very fluid. The way we are expanding is we're looking for the right partner in the right country, and that is a big factor in determining where do we go first. We have a wish list of countries and we have a list of which countries which we think our pricing is better and we'd like to go to. In a perfect world, we'd go, in an orderly fashion, 1 through 20. But it isn't an orderly world and we look at opportunities when they arise and that will change, there are a number of factors that change or literally are very fluid. Literally, until about 3 months before a launch, we'll secure a distributor of our launch. Things are changing. So even our plans within Eastern Europe are going to change in which country we launch it in the second half. I now am pretty well-aware of that, that we're going to change the countries we are planning to launch. The rich countries, to one extent, how much resources we put behind different launches in different countries. It varies. And things like that will change. Some of these things are also dependent on the economies of the countries and our distribution partners, particularly in Eastern Europe. So it's really very hard for us to give you any further color on that.
Rodney Sacks: Yes, but can I add a big contribution, as I gave you the numbers from Europe, which was very healthy. And then one of our new products that we launched late last year, Absolutely Zero, is doing very nicely. That's really performed very nicely and, as I said, we've got Rehab, which is also, we think, is doing nicely for us.
Rodney Sacks: Generally, our green core brand is growing, correct. It is doing nicely and is continuing to grow. For example, in the latest convenience number, the 13 weeks, our core 16-ounce Green Monster is up 19% against the category growth of convenience of 16.9 for the 13-week period. And that is, we think, is very encouraging because that is the workhorse of the brand and that is what the brand's about. And we think that, that shows well for the brand.
Rodney Sacks: I think it's probably more of a -- as we're continuing to go international, we are continuing to incur costs. And what I really wanted to give everyone a color of -- one of the reasons why we are incurring costs, as we've always indicated, the margins that we anticipate from overseas are lower than the margins, generally, we'd been incurring -- be able to achieve in the U.S. And one of the factors is, in those margins, there's higher cost of goods, slightly lower selling prices relatively speaking in certain countries. But also, the cost of investing and establishing our brand in markets that are already well-established and there are a lot of competitors, not only Red Bull, but other local brands and private label. And so we are investing in this area. We believe there is a -- it is the right way to invest, the right way to get consumers to taste your product and sampling. To get -- as I said, it depends on the country. Some countries, our distribution partners have very, very strong distribution systems and are calling on every little store. In others, they just don't get down to them. In many places, you've got to go through a wholesaler, which means that you've got to create the demand for the brand from the individual store owners to pull the brand when they go buy their weekly stuff from the wholesalers. Countries like that particularly come to mind are Great Britain, where the very, very small independent stores, the go-to bookers and demand. There's a whole host of wholesalers that they go to. And in France, they go to Metro [ph]. So in order to get the demand created, you've got to do a lot of the heavy lifting ourselves. And then we are putting TV and sales personnel into the field to open up the accounts and get the store owners to become familiar with the brand when they see that it gets sold and it goes through. When they go back to the wholesaler the next week, they're able to -- hopefully we're selling these by the second or third time we've called on them, they now know the brand, they see it moving through their store and now it will be part of their regular weekly orders. And that's really the strategy we're having to follow in many of the countries where -- for a lot of full cost of transport and then congestion, the distributors just don't go to the small accounts.
Rodney Sacks: We really don't. All I could say is that we saw that very, very small drop-off in the growth rate in the convenience channel that I referred to earlier that I gave you the figures earlier. And so while it's still in the mid-teens and it's really healthy, it is a slight -- there had been a slight ameliorating of the growth. And we think that might be due to gas prices. But something again, I just don't think we have a better color on it. The world of Pepsi, as you have, the economist on this top, probably they can give you more color than we can.
Rodney Sacks: I think that in the U.S., we have been achieving some savings on a percentage basis, but that's being basically offset somewhat by the spend internationally, which has been higher as we are launching in small markets where you don't have the volume to set and to offset it against. And so eventually, as part of a long-term plan, we believe we will start getting, being able to achieve benefits. But in the shorter term, we sort of looking to try and really match our growth and keep going in that area. But obviously, we're trying to manage that and hopefully, as we go through the rest of the year, we might be able to achieve, have some sort of savings in that area. But it really is, again, it's something that I'm not really in a position to give you direction on.
Rodney Sacks: Legal expenses, yes, were pretty similar. We believe that we have resolved a couple of reasonably large litigations in the last few months and we think there might be some saving there going forward, but we still do have some important litigation relating to IP and the securities litigation, which is costly. So we can't tell which way we'll go on that. But we hopefully will be able to try to take that down a little bit.
Rodney Sacks: I don't think that's something I want to quantify. Everybody will, I think, have their own view of materiality. I just don't think -- I mean, I just want to be material. It's something I just won't, don't feel comfortable getting into.
Rodney Sacks: You've indicated the band. I think that's reasonable. But you've got to really come to your own conclusion on the band. We really aren't in a position to give guidance on that.
Rodney Sacks: All right, thanks very much, guys. Obviously, we're also all pleased with the results that we were able to achieve in the first quarter. We are obviously, working hard to continue to use new products. And in the second quarter, we'll see how we go. We are -- I want to point out that we do have a stockholders' meeting in 2 weeks' time. Being 2 weeks away, expect us at least to talk about 10 days, 9 days or something. I don't know. Anyway, it's pretty soon. It won't be much of an update, I think, that we'll be able to really give at that time. We obviously, will -- we'll deal with everything, but I think that I just really want to give the investors and analysts a heads-up that there really doesn't seem to be much more that we're going to be able to give color on between now and the stockholder meeting. But we will be there, and thank you very much for your attendance and we will report again at the end of the next quarter. Thanks very much. Goodbye.
