Hilton Schlosberg: So maybe I can address the gross profit issues that you referred to. So if you look at worldwide, what the positive effect is worldwide – well obviously the price increase in U.S. and Canada and then product mix, particularly with Reign, which is an alternative gross margin for some of our juice and coffee products. We also had benefits in [Inaudible] because we were manufacturing our Java Monsters domestically and we weren’t importing from the U.S. and aluminum and other raw materials were a positive factor, so that was the positives.Against that, we continued to have and you’ll see the gross margins that we referred to on this call. Against that, you'll continually see a change in the strategic brands versus the Monster products and the strategic brands, because they are concentrates and they have higher margins than the finished goods product, so that you'll continue to see that as an offset.You'll continue to see geographic mix as an issue, because obviously in the U.S. our margins are strong. They are less strong in other parts of the world for all the reasons we've spoken to in the past and you'll see the same trend with regard to product mix as we sell internationally, as we sell more juice products and more coffee products, they have a lower margin than the traditional Monster products and Reign products. So that's in a nutshell where we are with margin.
Hilton Schlosberg: So Adex [ph] , if you look at for example what's happening in China, we are seeing obviously significant foot traffic decreasing in the biggest stores and the convenience stores, they have an all suffering, but not to the same degree.So if you translate that back to California, we haven't seen any implications yet, but you know the whole idea of this situation in China is that they limit the number of shoppers in particular stores. So that's why you'll see you know reduced foot traffic in the bigger stores and more concentrated foot traffic in the convenience stores. But we haven't seen any implications of that at this time.And then you know, if I could just talk about the Coronavirus for one second, I've been asked and I haven’t really answered it, because I was waiting to answer it on the call and we don't normally give numbers, sales in various countries. But what I can tell you is that our sales in China in 2019 were less than 1% of our consolidated net sales for the company, so that puts a little bit in perspective, because there was a little bit of nervousness, but it's less than 1%.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay so, you know the situation without our bottlers is always going to be a challenge now and we know that and working with all of our bottlers and our field teams and our guards on the street are working very closely to ensure that we get the rock top of representation on shelves.The anecdotal information that I've seen is that Coca Cola Energy took off and unfortunately or fortunately there doesn't seem to be a very strong amount of repeat purchases. However, you know they will continue we believe to spend significant amounts of dollars on their products and what we have to do is what I'll probably said in New York and I’ll say it gain, we have to still stay true to our last and ensure that our products get the right representation is the store, and that we don't suffer the issues of shelf space that for example we experienced in Australia, and we alluded to this in our presentation as well. But the news of today is that Coca Cola Energy has been – in its current form has been discontinued from the two major retailers in Australia.
Hilton Schlosberg: If I could just perhaps just add a little bit on that, on color, we've looked at some of the schematics that have come out for this year. In the U.S., which is obviously the place Coke Energy has recently been launched and if you look at the schematics, for that plus obviously the performance energy products, by and large we are getting increased shelf price, both for our general products, as well as our Reign products and Inferno, including our innovation.And perhaps if you look back on ’19, some of the innovation that we introduced didn't quite get the real estate and distribution levels that we had hoped for and that probably you know was – affected us a little bit in the 2019 year, but if you look at the new products, we have a really robust pipeline of new products.We have you know new Reign product, Inferno; we've got Ultra Fiesta and Ultra Rosa in the Ultra line that are two really good products; we have NOS Turbo, which is sort of a performance energy product to help boost the NOS line; we've got our new Hydro Sport SKUs; we have a new Java 300 line which has a higher caffeine content to compete with the Starbucks triple shot and I’m looking at the SKU’s and we’re getting a lot of good listings for the innovation.So hopefully you know the execution of our bottlers and distribution partners this year, particularly on innovation will be better and we are getting extra innovative. In many cases we are getting the performance products on to an additional separate shelf. In some cases it's simply an expansion of and within the Energy set.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yeah, I think that as we look at the international business, we've spoken about the way the processing structure works in those markets, that we try and price ourselves close to where Red Bull is and that we have different models with the bottlers internationally that kind of force us into a different gross margin computation than we have in the U.S.Having said that, if I look for example at the EMEA margin, which we discussed earlier on the call, and the margins there fell from 42% to 38.7%, but there were a number of factors that went into – you know that went into that result. Firstly, and we’ve spoken about this before, we have country mix, we have brand mix, we have product mix. So we have a very extensive project now to reduce the juice content in a number of our juice products to enhance margin.We have other projects – and I just came back from the UK about two weeks ago, where the whole meeting was just focused on margin, focused on freight-in, focused on co-packers, focused on where best to allocate our resources to try and improve the gross margins, and we have this concentrate and Monster Progression that of course will be resolved in part when we are able to get Predator up and running. So there were a number of factors and then you always have one-offs in the quarter. So in the fourth quarter we had about a 1% hit to gross margin in EMEA through one off costs.So you know I think we are very well aware from this office, of the need to improve margins and we are working on improving the margins within the constraints of the strategic brands having higher margins than the Monster brands and Reign brands. Obviously our objective is to sell more Monster and so more Reign and if that takes away from the strategic brands, then so be it, because you know this is a Monster Beverage Corporation. This is what – our mission is to sell Monster and Reign products.So if the strategy brands will in fact, over time they may get hit. We are doing the best we can to keep them at their current levels and improve on them. But you know it's a mix and it will continue to be a mix and I'm not sure there’s anything more I can say. I probably said too much.
Rodney Sacks: Perhaps I’ll just take the – Inferno has been really well received. In the initial you know it's very new to tell, but the sales have been good. The line extensions that we introduced into the Reign line, including particular Orange Creamsicle have also been well received. So the numbers are looking really positive for Orange Creamsicle and the other new products, as well as Reign. So anecdotally we’ve had some good response, both to the concept of the thermogenic Inferno product, as well as to the actual flavors.
Rodney Sacks: Okay, well that’s quite an amount. That’s about 24 questions in one. If we talk a little bit about G&A, I think we were satisfied with the G&A that was spent in the quarter. You know we were running off the NASCAR program and we have a big push into social media and that was one of the big factors that we kind of were duplicating, some of the social media costs in the quarter as we roll off the NASCAR program. So you won’t see that NASCAR program to the same degree in 2020.And then when I look at you know the rest of the G&A, payroll is obviously increasing higher than ordinarily we would like, but you know we’re running an international business today that’s growing and developing and you can see from the sales and the number of countries we’re in, that we have to support the organization.So quite apart from you know other small issues which all – not small issues, but other issues which we’ll pick up in the K, I don't want to go into them now. All I can tell you is that I think that apart from that litigation, which obviously we were very really unhappy about that it's you know the effect of doing business in the U.S. and I always tell everyone, I'm not a lawyer, but you know I listen to these juries and it’s like – you know it is what it is. But I'm satisfied that our G&A is under control.So sorry, the next question you asked was about the percentage of the performance energy products in the U.S. and where that… [Cross Talk] Yeah, sorry.
Rodney Sacks: Alright, just looking at that section. I think this section, that’s you know again, we call it the performance section, but really it’s part of the energy category and it's really energy. It’s a question of whether we can call that additional space with retailers to look at it, correcting you know increased bias into the categories.And so I think that you all – we all see some increased buyers coming into the category, and the set is sort of starting to settle down now. You're getting space allocated to banks, space allocated to Reign including Inferno. We are seeing a little bit of space being allocated to some of the competitors. You've got Rockstar with their sort of line and they’ve come out with a thermogenic line as well and then you’ve Adrenaline Shoc and then some of the smaller guys who are trying to get space, but don’t have the distribution depth, CELSIUS and C4.But we think it is panning out. So it’s sort of starting to settle down. It may grow a little bit, but we certainly don’t know. We think that there is an appetite, there is an increased consumer base through the different type of products that we've introduced now for example though Inferno.But, we don't give as I said guidance, I think you know that, and we certainly don’t have a crystal ball. But we think that there is some positive growth that will be achieved in energy generally and I think that this subset of types of products within the energy category will grow a little bit.We are launching for example HydroSport and that again is sort of an advanced hydration, but it does have BCAAs and higher caffeine. So a lot of products like that, Turbo, are starting to play into this area. It’s just really dividing up the attributes that consumers are looking for. Some consumers are looking for higher caffeine or BCAs and we think that that will help the whole category grow, as well as these specific products within the category.
Rodney Sacks: Yeah, I can just add to that it Kevin. I'm a consumer of these products and I honestly believe the category is here to stay. But where it will go, I don't think anybody knows. I think the main thing is that we have a number of SKUs that are addressing the category. We have some new product innovation that's coming in terms of the flavors and we are pretty excited about that whole performance energy part of the energy category, but its one part; there is lots of other parts to it as well.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I would like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy, and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottler system internationally.We are particularly excited about the new opportunities we have going forward, with the portfolio of energy drinks throughout the world comprised of our Monster Energy brand, together with the strategic brands, as well as Hydro, Predator and Reign and the pretty extensive new innovation that we have. It’s recently introduced and are planning to continue to introduce throughout the rest of 2020. Thank you very much for your attendance.
