Rodney Sacks: You know, we always end up tracking slightly higher or slightly lower than Nielsen. We have commented on it many times. You know, there are timing differences in inventory, stocking differences that our distributors have. It may just depend on the timing, where you have sort of holiday weekends where you close your quarters, but we generally find that there is a difference, we report our own sales. In this case, it's slightly higher than our Nielsen numbers are reflecting.
Rodney Sacks: In some of them, they really are small tweaks, we really are just repositioning and tweaking some products. Others that we are sort of driving out and you will get initial sales, but it also will depend on the timing, because some of them will come out very, very close to the end of the period. You know, a lot of these things we are sort of talking to our distributors to work with them on when the most, sensible windows will, you know, open up our different products, because also distributors have and bottles in the curve but they all have other products that we are introducing as well, as they continue to go through the Christmas and New Year seasons. And so, at this point in time, it's really it's something, it's very odd for us to really predict. We can only tell you what our sort of intentions and plans are, and they'll be as they, whatever they are.
Rodney Sacks: At the moment, we generally don't cover extensively. That's just been the way we have normally traded. We look at opportunities, as we go through the year to see what happens with the pricing, and we do sometimes lock in pricing if we see it has moved down at the moment. It has moved up and we are sort of just sitting on the sideline. It may well move down before, and then we will lock in some pricing, but we just have a flexible, we don't have a fixed policy in this regard. We just really are seeing some, prices of the commodities, being higher, and so, we just sort of, clearly just sort of wanted to make that point so that everybody understood that. And so, going forward, we're just not sure, where we'll be in that area.
Rodney Sacks: You know, we sort of don't give any future direction. We're not sure, we're just not sure what we're going to do next year in the sense of, we're looking at Asia, depends on when we get into Asia, and what extent we need to feel that we need to support the brands there. We're going to launch WORX, WORX we're going to advertise through the traditional advertising that is our strategy for the WORX shot brand. So that will result in sort of higher expenditure than early, sort of, part of the large cycle of the brand. So, things keep on changing, but I think the point you're making is correct. If you look at our actual DSD division, although, we had a lower gross margin, we were able to manage our oil operating expense item line all the way through to the point that we ended up with our contribution marginal operating income for our DSD division for the quarter, being almost the same percentage as last year. And so, we were able to bring some of those savings to the bottom line, between selling and total operating. So, we are trying to sort of make sure that as we continue to grow in new countries, we will try and continue to keep that in line, but I don't think that we can sort of take a sort of a direction from this to say that it's going to continue to improve. It's going to change from quarter-to-quarter, depending on the rate of our development and launch in new markets. That will have an effect, we believe, the main effect on us we have to keep cost, but obviously, we are hopeful to be able to continue to deliver bottom line in the warehouse, DSD division at least as high or better than in the past. Some of the loss of margin we incurred and increase expenses this quarter was attributable to the warehouse division. We ended up with a much lower contribution margin than in the comparable quarter last year, and we obviously are going to address that going forward.
Rodney Sacks: But again, I want to caution again that we really are concerned, because we do not give guidance, and I just don't want to be put into a position where we are actually starting to give any guidance in this regard.
Rodney Sacks: No, we have capacity, the authorization is in existence, we just didn't buyback in the quarter. We are going to review that again, and that's just a factor that we'll take into account the share prices and other factors and then make a decision.
Rodney Sacks: I think this is reasonable. Again, it's changed in the last two quarter, you've seen some jumps in that, but this is in the sort of general ballpark area of where we see it going forward.
Rodney Sacks: First, I think the new countries will offset a lot of the costs here, but the actual margins are not affected by going into new countries. The actual margins are what they are in most of the European countries, and they are lower than in the U.S. Where we believe, we will try and pick up some margin, is we are looking at additional production facilities. We recently started producing at the CC plant in Milton Keynes in the U.K., we're looking at an additional plant in Central Europe and quite possibly another plant in northern Italy, or certainly in Southern Europe, and we believe that, using additional plants throughout Europe will help us reduce some of our costs, and in that way improve our margins. But the margins are all over the place. Each country that we are going into now has a very, very different value chain that sort of, there's nothing in that's really standard all in Europe. As you know, one things of Europe as a single continent and some sort of continuity because of the, but there's not. Every single country has different regulations regarding their product, their different formulas in every country and there is different margin chains, and they are very, very considerably, particularly into Central and Eastern Europe. So, in some cases where you have sort of very small, third word countries, you're making nice margins. In others are that you have got a pretty good economy, your margins are down because of a strong presence in that market of a private label or a local brand, which tends to have quite a big influence on the retail sale level. So, it really does fluctuate, but on the whole, we believe that margins will go down a little as we continue to expand into Europe, because there is a compression on the sales level there, and our cost of goods generally as a percentage is higher there. Production costs are higher there than in the U.S.
Rodney Sacks: The G&A, as a percentage was actually down. I'm sorry, I'm maybe speaking, I'm sorry, I'm just getting some, was 23? SG&A. That's not right. G&A was in line with last year. I've got the number here.
Rodney Sacks: But legal fees are really up predictable. It just depends on when you get to, we filed and dealt with applications to dismiss some of these security class actions and other actions which were successful, and then there were amended complaint on new series that have come out, and so we have now, briefing those applications to dismiss the claims on new grounds. It just depends on when those fall in timing, so it's really hard to predict.
Rodney Sacks: 24-ounce, we are see something improvement in recent times. We are seeing an improvement in the 24-ounce can size.
Rodney Sacks: At this point, we sort of generally discussed this, and at this point, we haven't made a decision to take pricing up, but we actually have it as an item on the agenda over the next couple of weeks, and so it won't be, it's unlikely to be something we will take up as from January 1 in to our DSD. We may do it. We more likely in January want to take it up in our warehouse division. But it doesn't mean, we won't take it up in the next month or two after that in DSD. We all looking at and are currently reviewing the market and our costs and if we do see a large increase in our raw material costs, I think we will actually look to moving it on little bit.
Rodney Sacks: One of the things I would like to, perhaps, refer to in conclusion is just to go back to the one area, the DSD division, as such, net sales in the DSD division, were up 26.8%, where as the net sales in the warehouse division were down 6.8%. Although, as I indicated earlier the gross profit was slightly lower in the DSD division, it was substantially lower in the warehouse division, but based on the costs that we were able to manage, our operating income really ended up at the same percentage as this period last year. So, we really do believe that it was a good performance. Obviously, we would like to continue to maintain and improve on that performance, but I think it is relevant because of the numbers coming out to show that we all are able to continue to manage our bottom line. We are continuing to look at the management of that item, particularly as we go forward. Obviously, we see the future of the company being able to take advantage of the momentum we already got going in Europe, and Central Europe, so obviously we have our whole infrastructure there so we really want to concentrate on that. South America is another we think good opportunity for our brand. Our brand has already started to do well. We are seeing good response anecdotally from consumers, so we are obviously encouraged and we want to focus on South America. And then obviously, the big question is Asia. It is potentially a very large opportunity for energy drinks, particularly because they've had their traditional types of energy drinks in the market for, decades, and so we believe if we can literally crack the code and convert a reasonable percentage of users to Western, call it Western or new or modern sort of energy drinks, we would have, very, very good potential in Asia. So, we are going to start focusing. We think that's going to be a much longer road, and we'll have to persevere there for a longer for many years, but we do see good long-term opportunity there. So, we are pretty excited by what we've been able to achieve domestically, as well as the international business, and the way it's turning around for us, and growing, and we hope to be able to continue to deliver increased results to our shareholders going forward. Thank you very much.
