Hilton Schlosberg: Okay Wendy, this is Hilton. That's an excellent question. So we have a department called Revenue Growth Management that balances pricing and balances promotions in line with the expectations that we set for the business and for our brands. So we’ve been working very closely and started in this quarter, in fact slightly before this last quarter in cutting back promotions and using them very judiciously.  So we look at this on an ongoing basis. We have plans for 2022 which involves changing retail pricing on shelves, which leads to obesity reduction in promotions and we don't rule out the possibility of a full price increase later on in 2022. But we keep our options open. We prefer to accomplish the objectives through reductions in promotions, but we have to see what the cost environment looks like going into the 2022.  Obviously if you haven't got product and you showed a product that doesn't make sense to promote extensively, but we still have to promote in order to fulfill the contract that we've had this year with our customers and our retailers which was set at the beginning of the and so some cannot be changed and as we move into 2020, adjust pricing through promotions and/or price increases. 
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay, so the situations did not improve in Q3 relative to Q2. Q3 really presented more challenges in supply chain as we anticipated. Although cans have come, we've achieved cans from overseas partners as we expected. So we have cans in the system, we have opened up a number of co-packers in the – which will be supplying in the fourth quarter. So if we look at Q3 and Rodney will probably kill me, but I’ll give you an estimate. My estimate is that we shorted in the high single digits; that's my estimate, in terms of millions of cases. 
Hilton Schlosberg: So we are not waiting. I mean we already implemented promotional adjustments in this quarter, so we are not waiting. There are certain customers that we have, that we are contractually obligated to maintain pricing and promotions. We've entered into agreements with them that we have new contracts starting in 2022, and those new contracts will address the pricing issues that you're talking about.  So we are not waiting. It's already being implemented and some of it in the third quarter as I mentioned, more will fall in the fourth quarter and more will follow in Q1 of 2022. I think we've got a very interesting position in the market and we've got to be careful that whatever we do, we don't disturb the velocity of what our brand is doing at retail. 
Hilton Schlosberg: Mark, perhaps I’ll take that one. I mean there are two different relationships, there is Coke as a corporate partner, and there's also the individual Coke bottlers. You know I think that our relationship with Coke is fine. I think there is no issue, it’s a good relationship.  I think that with the bottles are relationships again are also good. But I think the bottles have been struggling a little bit as you know with labor issues and cost issues as well. And that has sort of affected I think the level of service to smaller accounts and in field activities and that's why that has perhaps disproportionately hurt our brand over this whole pandemic period and that’s something that we are addressing, particularly when you compare that to, not against other similarly - similar systems, but as against Red Bull which has its own dedicated system out there.  And so we are taking steps to address that. We have our home fields’ force that we've implemented to supplement and assist the bottlers. We even had fuel filed forces suffering from labor issues and trying to hire people. It's not been easy, we have a number of open positions. But we are, actually we’ve seen good success from what we've implemented and we actually are expanding on filed team and we are going to do that in conjunction with the bottlers.  But that’s part of the challenges we've had in our supply chain and part of the challenges we've had which has affected our sales, have been you know just inefficiencies getting products on shelf. And there are different, different parts of the country and different parts of the world even, it varies and in some cases you see empty shelves or you see shelves that haven’t been refilled, which is obviously heart breaking for us and we try and address it. But that is something we are facing and that's been a labor issue that many of our bottlers are going through at the moment. But hopefully we are trying to work out ways of improving and hopefully that will start improving going forward.  But despite that, we've been able to continue to manage pretty healthy increase in sales and it's the, it’s just meeting the increased demand that has been our big challenge. And again, we are working with our bottles to try to achieve what we can.  So a tough environment for our bottlers, when also we can’t supply all of their orders and fill them in full, and that’s been difficult for us to juggle deliveries around the country, and it resulted in increased costs out of orbit and in delivering products out of our normal ranges in order to make sure we are trying to maximize deliveries to bottlers. 
Hilton Schlosberg: No, well in cases it’s a high, just to be clear it's a high number of cases in millions, in the high single digits. 
Hilton Schlosberg: Right, so if you look at where we are with cogs, it’s really a difficult situation right now, because I don't know where for example aluminum is going. I think those of you who are tracking aluminum, will know that the aluminum price is significantly, the LME and the Midwest premium is significantly higher than last year. In fact it's up by almost 70% from the - from the similar quarter in the previous year.  So and then I’ll turn to what's happened in aluminum. So in the middle of October we ended up with the highest price we've ever seen for aluminum in the Midwest Premium and that's now fallen 15% from its high and now it’s like the end of October.  So we don't know what's happening with aluminum. What we do know is that we have substantial quantities of cans; we have two new manufactures that have opened in the U.S. and are beginning to supply us. So that's a fact and we have also opened a number of additional co-packing facilities both in the U.S. and in Europe.  So the cans are coming in, we have new co-packing capacity and what I'm hoping is that this inefficient freight that we've been experiencing, you know we spoke on previous calls about operating within orbits to minimize cost of distribution and cost of freight in. So now we've broken those orbits, because we haven't had capacity and we've been anxiously trying to service every case we can.  So I'm hoping that in the fourth quarter and it's October really, that with these new co-packers opening up, that with the can capacity that we have, that we will start mitigating these inefficient freight costs that we are experiencing. But you know I can't talk about aluminum, because I don't know what's happening with aluminum and we were very careful not to buy forward on aluminum which, we normally do as our can companies, because we were nervous about what was going to happen. So that's where we are in the fourth quarter.  Certainly things are improving, but I cannot say that they are totally solved. And in Europe we've opened up also a number of new co-packers. We’re getting cans in Europe from India and from China, so even the European situation is being elevated. I would say if you compare it to the third quarter, I suspect we will have less issues in the fourth quarter than we have had in the third quarter, if that answers your question. :
