Rodney Cyril Sacks: Well, the higher material costs we expect to continue, particularly for aluminum. I think, you've seen in the announcements that are in play regarding aluminum and aluminum costs, so we expect an increase in aluminum. Sweetener, we'll continue to experience costs in sweeteners this year, so the only factor that will possibly diminish is inventory reserves in China. Those we don't expect to continue.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think, the issue in China was the demand was misjudged in summer and we ended up with excess inventory which we've needed to work through and we've made provisions for that. In India, we've also been running some test runs and trials, and we've been having some challenges in some of the testing of ingredient levels. They use a different testing set of tests for what we do and we use around the world, and we've been having a number of debates about what the testing levels are because we were comfortable with the ingredient levels that we put in, but yet they were coming out on testing levels because of the way they extrapolate the results a little differently. But yet, that is the method that is used in India, and that has caused us some hiccups and delays in getting going because we're just struggling with the testing levels. And that's resulted in, again, some inventory and stock write-offs. With regard to the scanner data in the U.S., I think there's been an increase in the scanner data more recently. I think the numbers are coming up. And I think that's just indicative of where the market has been, but it has improved from the latter part of last year.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: We actually described it as less than half. And the reason we did that was that what we don't know is – while there was, we believe, additional purchases by these distribution, by the distributors, we're not sure all of those additional purchases took place in January because we haven't done the analysis of specific SKUs and the purchases. And so we believe that it was less than 50%, but that is our best estimate on those numbers at this time.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Again, we described on this call what had happened with regard to inventory reductions. We also spoke about some issues with regard to China. We don't give guidance, but I think there's sufficient information for you to look at historical information and honestly make up your own estimates because we don't give guidance. It's really difficult to sit here and answer these questions where you guys are looking for guidance. We don't give guidance.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: So on distribution costs, we relocated our warehousing to our new warehouse in California during the quarter, and that impacted distribution costs. Regarding trucking, we have our own fleet that we operate mainly for local markets, but we depend extensively on third-party trucking. And then, Caroline, your other question was how much of the distribution costs were related to China and India, and I don't have that to hand, I'm sorry. In India, obviously it wasn't much because we're still in production trials.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think that generally international is in line with Nielsen and what we've already indicated. We are comfortable with that and we think that basically our sales momentum remains intact for the brand. In the China market, that has been a challenging market, and it's been costly and we've incurred – obviously incurred losses. We knew we would do so, and your question is hard, and not dissimilar to any other companies who have entered the Chinese market. We are continuing to persist with it. We've obviously – we have the resources, we've put resources behind the brand. We've put marketing and promotion behind the brand. And those are continuing to obviously impact our bottom line. But we see those as long-term opportunities, and we've got to look to establishing the brand in the long-term in China. That's our objective and we are confident we'll get there, but we just got to have – it's going to take time to do so. And again, India we are – we don't believe India in the shorter term is as big a market or potential as China, but it also has just been again some ups and downs in getting going. We are confident that we will get going, but it has – we've set up with staff, we've set up with operations there, and that clearly has affected our bottom line. Those amounts will start eventually to improve as we continue to increase our sales and are able to manage our expenses in those countries more efficiently going forward.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brand and to expand the company both at home and abroad. And in particular, to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We're also particularly excited about the new opportunities we have going forward with a portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world, comprised of our Monster Energy brand together with the strategic brands and Mutant. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: We've never said that there's a perfect science between our sales to our distributors and the sales at retail. But over a period of time, one does see the correlation. And then one other thing I wanted to add on India is there are some new can regulations, labeling regulations that are being put in place, which was another reason for certain reserves in India.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: So on the gross margin, we don't give guidance, and it's something that the company has never done. We give the information as we have it, as we see it through the quarter. But if you wanted a kind of gross margin, a conservative gross margin looking forward, I personally, and this is a personal feeling, I would just use the gross margin for the quarter.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: And I think we did mention that. And that's why we actually have given a lot of the Nielsen information and sales out because that is less affected by purchases of inventory and timing and production timings. And so if you look at EMEA, which is probably our largest international market, we've given you, it's close to, Nielsen's are up in EMEA close to mid-20s. And we've given you Nielsen's for the other areas as well. So those were the numbers that are showing where we expect the numbers to continue. And so when we look at the demand in ongoing sales levels for internationally, they're pretty much in line with the Nielsen numbers and the numbers that have been reported by us in previous quarters. It's clearly a choppy quarter. But that's why we think that the sales out numbers, depletions from our distributors and the best number of all is, obviously, the sales into the markets, which are measured generally reasonably reliably measured by Nielsen are the numbers that you guys should be looking to going forward.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: Yes. I'd just like to add that the group that has worked with this company for a number of years will remember that it took a number of years for us to become profitable in Europe and in EMEA generally, and there are a lot of lessons that are being learned in China every day. We've got some of our own executive staff over there, on secondment, and our bottling partners are just very much on board and we haven't heard anything negative about the long-term potential for the brand from our partners.
