Hilton Schlosberg: Judy, we are really trying to get and exercise together because there was some inventory that we had obviously in the system that we were able to get out in the quarter. But we’re still reviewing those numbers and we’ll be in a better position to talk about that sometime later. But I think there will be a more pronounced impact in Q4.
Hilton Schlosberg: But we can also say Judy that the teams are satisfied with the results and the bottlers are excited about the results, we’ve seen so far. So, it will help us well for the future.
Hilton Schlosberg: Whenever we sell a concentrate with the legacy brands. And so what we -- what we see in Nielsen and what we are selling in concentrate is quite a significant disconnect, it’s not even as if we’re selling a finished product. We do sell finished products but in main, you talk about concentrate and there is a huge lag between where the concentrate is manufactured by the bottlers and then sold in the market and sold to consumers.
Hilton Schlosberg: One of the other growth opportunities for us is in the non-traditional channels which are not measured by Nielsen? And we make a lot of headway with the Coca-Cola system in some of these non-traditional channels.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. If we could talk about the numbers for October. The U.S. grew by just under 10%, 9.8%. And you can work out regarding international. So that’s the number for the U.S. Your second question on selling and operating expenses, obviously what we spoke about in the quarter was an increase -- a significant increase in endorsement and sponsorship costs and that’s something that maybe grow as we go forward, depending on when it takes the brand from a marketing perspective. So, we don’t give guidance and I broadly not give any guidance on selling expenses because a lot of that will determine on a number of initiatives that we’re considering at this time. Regarding operating expenses, I think there is -- the operating expenses other than selling expenses i.e. the admin expenses are probably largely in line where they will be in the foreseeable future of course depending on a lot of these legal costs and relating to the regulatory aspects and some of the -- the case is that we are still involved in, which are in fact reducing in number.
Rodney Sacks: Judy with regard to your second question on China, basically the way we launch generally is through a soft launch and to go into the smaller stores, independent convenience stores first and start to get the product established and sampled cold. Today, we probably secured probably of the order, and it’s a very rough guess from what we’ve discussed with our bottlers, about 50,000 accounts in the areas where we’ve already launched. We will be going into Guangzhou, Shenzhen pretty much within the next week or so. So, we are getting good distribution. We are getting good response to the product. And so, we just are very hopeful and excited that we will be able to continue to expand. There is a massive universe of stores available to us, it’s a very big country. Probably by the end of the year, we should have launched Monster in probably areas that would be covered by about 18% of the population or and those areas represent our estimate at the moment is about 30-33% of the current energy market, once we’ll have got through December. So, it’s a big market and we’re obviously planning to do -- there is little bit of -- there will be a bit of a hiatus between beginning of January and until off the Chinese New Year. But once we’re through that, then we’re going to start focusing on launching pre-summer in China. Obviously that will be the thrust of our focus.
Rodney Sacks: One thing I just wanted to clarify, I talked about the October gross sales on a foreign exchange adjusted basis 12.3; this was actually 12.6; the unadjusted basis was 12.3, just to give that clarification.
Rodney Sacks: Again, it’s been very early days on Mutant, but we’ve had some insight from three or four of the what we’d call representative or convenience chains. And the Mutant sales as a percentage of Mountain Dew, which is the main competitor, they are obviously going after, has been quite good. It varies quite a bit between the stores but whichever way you look at the percentages, it’s quite respectable. And everybody, including the retailers, have been quite surprised and quite happy with the sell-in. The actual level of Mutant that was sold in the quarter, I think that is Mark’s question -- one of Mark’s questions earlier was about 4.5 million in our numbers on a gross basis. And so, it really started late and it’s really just starting to ramp up now. And the whole strategy that we had with Mutant, just talking about Mutant generally, is we never intended at any time, it’s how we’ve launched all of our products, we didn’t intend to go out and secure execution and make a big splash on day one. It’s a bubbling up, we put it into convenience stores, we are being very specific about way we want to see it placed in the store and we feel that’s important. And the results of us doing that is actually the feedback we’ve got is that there is very, very minimal, if any cannibalization. So, we are achieving we believe our strategic objective to minimalize any cannibalization with Monster Energy Drinks. And so that is being achieved. We are pretty much across the board getting retailers buy in on our strategy and where it should be placed. There have been a few retailers that have resisted that. And in some cases, for that reason, we have not sold to those retailers. But we pretty much have very, very board acceptance and buying from retailers. And so far we are actually very encouraged by the sale rate for a new brand.
Rodney Sacks: Yes. That’s $1 million or $64 question -- $64,000 question. We have seen some sort of settling in the energy category. However, we’ve also got to bear in remind that I think over this period, we haven’t seen a lot of innovation. Our innovation, we’ve been dealing with new packaging, different packaging, it’s taken some time for us to get our hands around it. And so, if you take for example high growth coming out, we’re looking at the beginning of next year, Mutant really has just hit the shelves, just pretty days before the quarter-end. And our Cafe Monster product, which we’re looking at launching next year also it will come through next year sometime. We will have to obviously deal with the production issues, it’s one of the things -- one of the challenges we’ll face with Cafe Monster. But we think that if you’re looking at innovation, it really was probably pretty limited this year and that we think has been one of the reasons. But again, the category is more positive, it’s gone up and down over in the past, and we do believe that we will continue to see some increase in growth rates next year. But again, this is -- we don’t have any crystal ball to be able to do so.
Rodney Sacks: So, one of the things that -- the bumps that came in the series was the -- take on staff to really support the sales and marketing, put some marketing behind the strategic brands as we continue to -- we’re getting our hands around them, we may be able to look at some sort of rationalization on some of those costs going forward as we get to know the brands better and we get more focused on how we want to position these strategic brands going forward.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. On the half of Monster, I’d like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the Company. We continue to believe in the Company and our growth strategy, and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the Company, both at home and abroad, and in particular, to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottler system internationally. We are particularly excited by the new opportunities that we have going forward, with a robust portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world, comprised of our Monster Energy brand, together with the strategic brands, as well as Mutant. Thank you very much for your attendance.
