Rodney Sacks: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement. 
Rodney Sacks: The only thing I would maybe add just from 1 aspect. Traditionally, the convenience channel was growing more quickly for the energy category than the mainstream grocery and drug channels. And in recent quarters, that had been reversed with less -- lower driving through COVID and then you've got higher gas prices. So I mean, at the moment, if you look at the latest 4 weeks or 1-week numbers, the convenience channel is growing less than if you look at the all major channels. But I think that's something that we've managed to achieve the results. We have -- despite that and despite the fact that, in fact, convenience is our largest channel, which I just think is positive for the future, because we think that will ride itself eventually when gas prices sort of normalize and/or people just get used to the gas prices and becomes whatever the level is, people will get used to it eventually and continue to drive. 
Rodney Sacks: Thanks very much. On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continue to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad, and in particular, to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We believe that we are well positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you will stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance. 
Hilton Schlosberg: So Dara, turning to your first question, there's always a disconnect between our sales, which are sales in the main to distributors and as well, we sell, obviously, to some direct accounts, including the untracked channels. It's really difficult for us to get that information to this investor group. There will always -- all I can say is there will always be a disconnect. And Nielsen is not a true indication even for sales through the distributor system, because the lags in the distribution system as well. And then turning to your second question about gas prices. We've seen this before. We've seen gas prices moving up, and we've seen sales of energy drinks really staying the course. And at the end of the day, remember that we have a business that is based on a brand, that is a lifestyle brand, and consumers purchase the Monster product because it's part of what they believe to be, and it's what they want to be. It's not something that's necessarily that price-sensitive and that made us kind of feel confident about our decision to take up pricing later this year. We've really took pricing up, as we mentioned, through pricing actions, and we will be taking pricing up effective September 1. 
Hilton Schlosberg: If you look, for example, at the last 2 weeks, Nielsen in convenience, April the 16, we're seeing Nielsen sales in convenience for the energy category growing at 4.8%. And we're seeing the following week, which is April 23, which is what we discussed on this call, convenience in that 1-week growing 7%. So the market will continue to grow. As I said earlier, Monster is an affordable luxury, and we don't anticipate at this time seeing a dramatic falloff in sales in the convenience and gas channel. 
Hilton Schlosberg: So that price increase is in addition to the pricing actions that we took in the first quarter that we started taking in the last quarter of 2021, and will continue through this year. So we have taken pricing actions. We'll continue to take pricing actions. September 1, there will be a market-wide increase. And we said approximately 6% depending on channel. And so far, we have not heard any rumblings from competitors about what they're doing and what they're not doing. We haven't heard anything from retailers. But as I said on a previous call, we're running our own brand, irrespective of the competitors. We believe in the power of our brand, and we have strong brands, and we believe that this pricing action is justified. And it's certainly justified in terms of all the costs, that we are seeing the cost increases and no doubt, our competitors are seeing the same cost increases. 
Hilton Schlosberg: Let me just deal with the first part of your question, Bonnie, and then we can obviously get Rodney's input on the rest. As we look at the quarter, remember, the Ukraine conflict started on February the 24. So we had a dramatic increase in fuel prices, which we really didn't forecast. And we also had a dramatic increase in aluminum prices. And if you just look at aluminum prices, aluminum, the commodity went up 65% in Q1 '22 versus the previous year Q1 2021. So there were unexpected issues that surfaced in the quarter. I think we said at the time that we were building up inventories and that's what we've been doing. We've absolutely been building up inventories in the quarter, and you'll see that reflected in our balance sheet. We're probably in a good position now, better than we have been in terms of supply. And as we also said on this call is that April, we did not have a shortage of containers or product to any significant degree. So we're as well placed as we have been in the past to satisfy demand. 
Hilton Schlosberg: Remember the hurdle we had in '21, that was probably one of the biggest hurdles we've seen. And -- so I think that April, as we've always said, 1-month in isolation should not be construed as indicative of performance for a quarter or a longer period of time. The way we got to our price increase is -- price increase, remember, we're already taking pricing actions. And we look at a whole bunch of factors, and there's a whole lot of factors that we take into account in determining where we should be. And obviously, price points are a big driver. And what we believe is fair and that the consumer will bear, that becomes a very big factor in assessing the price points and then, of course, assessing the extent of the price increase. 
