Rodney Sacks: Sorry. Judy, just one thing I would like the clarify that the 5.28% increase in sales of the Monster Energy brand, including shots that I referred to earlier, as giving affect to the fourth quarter volume estimates were in gross sales figures.
Rodney Sacks: If you go back to the U.S. numbers, the U.S. numbers, after giving affect to the estimate of buy-in volume, are in fact up.
Rodney Sacks: Probably a little bit lower than the Nielsen numbers. The Nielsen numbers were citing or indicating higher sales, slightly higher.
Rodney Sacks: I think that basically looking at a single month really isn't very reliable. We did see generally a pickup coming from November last year through the first quarter. We then saw a dropoff in January, and then it picked up in February, and then it picked up again in March and had a slight dropoff. So it's really going up and down.  I think the positive news is that the category is trending positive – far better numbers in the higher single digits than it was in the first quarter or the first half plus of last year. We are still seeing positive trends in the category.  When you contrast that with the general [inaudible] C&D category which, as you can see from all the major companies that have reported recently, all volumes pretty much in the North America are down.
Rodney Sacks: I think what has been happening is Red Bull has been introducing their 16-ounce drinks that have been getting increased distribution of the 16-ounce size products. That has enabled them to get additional traction in space. What's happening is they've obviously been able to trade up sales in dollar terms because of the higher price ring of the 16-ounce. They also have been increasing in volume, and they've been, not everywhere, there's been some aggressive pricing from Red Bull. Probably a little more than we've seen historically. But on average, the brand has just got some traction.  If you look at the sales numbers in the category, you pretty much, it's Red Bull and ourselves that are still selling. They have increased sales in the last couple of months a little higher than us. We are looking at that. We're looking at our own marketing in our programs, and we are going to address that going forward into the second quarter.
Rodney Sacks: I'm not sure we need to spend more, but perhaps spend differently and in a different way. We sort of had probably not done a lot of promotions in the first couple of months of this year and then started to increase later. We were a little bit cautious when we were going into this whole changeover into the SAP system as well.  We have a number of very, we think, unique promotions going into summer, including a promotion in summer with Slash, the musician, which we think will be very popular and will offer well for sales going forward. We are addressing it, and we are looking at addressing the market and how to obviously meet competition.
Rodney Sacks: I don't think we'd like to break it out in much more detail. Travel was one item that we noted for the company was considerably higher. As I think we had indicated, the costs of coolers, sorry, the cost of depreciation. We've been putting a lot more coolers into the trade. There is a depreciation plus a cost expense that was expensed for the SAP system.  The costs related to Nick leaving were not significant. I think the major costs were attributable to, as I said, to the items that we previously indicated which is the additional sponsorships and costs of those items. We felt certain sponsorships were desirable for us to secure. Some of them were secured back in last year. We just think that was necessary for the brand to keep the brand's positioning. In the extreme action sports both in the U.S. and in Europe and in many cases, unfortunately, you have to spend ahead of sales and ahead of distribution.  As we go into the rest of the year, we think that a lot of the sponsorship expenses will level out during the year, but it was higher during the year in this first quarter. The legal costs have been high. There's been securities litigation. There's been quite a bit of litigation regarding our auction rate securities and trademarks and intellectual property. We just had to deal with that and it has, you know, paying attorneys isn't inexpensive. So that also has had an effect.
Rodney Sacks: Probably. It was clearly more weighted in the earlier part of the quarter. But there were instances where, even after February, we did have some instances where we sort of had some difficulties in tracking down deliveries or orders and verifying things. We just have had our challenges, I think, like everybody who's gone through a conversion to SAP has experienced; and we've had our share as well unfortunately. But we feel that, again as I indicated, I don't have a number to it, but we feel that it was, it hasn't been very material.
Rodney Sacks: I don't think so. I think if you're out of stock and you are out of stock, and then when you ship you get back into stock. You can't really load more on to the shelves of the consumer or the club stores, etc. That was one channel that was sort of down for us this quarter, club stores. We think that might have had something to do with that. But that was one of the reasons we saw some softness in sales was in the club channel, as I gave you in the ultimate breakup of the share of the business. We are looking at how to address that and how to get those channels back to growth.
Rodney Sacks: Other than, really, I think I did give you guys pretty good direction on where we feel we will be in Europe in the second quarter. We think that will be a material improvement over last year. Sales are coming in. As I've indicated, April numbers sales are very positive and are up nicely. Orders for May are also up nicely. So the trends are very strong in our established markets. We are running out some of the new markets. Even in those markets, we are actually seeing some very good initial sales.  But it is very early, early days in markets like Hungary; but so far, so good. So we also planning to expand that. You know the costs of rolling out in Europe have been higher. The costs of actual products are higher production and your selling price are lower, so you are dealing with a lower margin. And costs, we're entering well established markets, which means that we really do have costs incurred up front in order to establish the brand.  But we think we're doing the right thing to establish the brand. The brand is definitely taking foot in Europe and becoming the clear number two player to Red Bull. We think that's the right way to continue to grow the brand in the long-term interests of the brand and the company.
Rodney Sacks: It's primarily mix. The actual numbers for individual products like Monster in these numbers are not affected. The mix has been primarily due to peach tea, which is a higher volume. As you know, they're 12 packs of 24-ounce cans. You have got high volume at a relatively low cost. So that has had an effect. That's probably the major effect on our sales.  Also the way we account for sales overseas – because of the agreements we have, some of the costs go over the top line probably also have affected the net selling price to a lesser degree.
Rodney Sacks: It was a marketing fee as opposed to a price increase. That's about 4%. That really is a way of increasing, you're getting the money up front to support the marketing, the CMAs, and the actual marketing and advertising for the brand. It's not a price increase in that sense. Cash flow-wise, yes, it is. We get in the dollar and we, obviously, with spending it and how we expense it.
Rodney Sacks: The margins are very thin. We think they're probably pretty much close to a break-even. But obviously the strategy there is to continue to develop the brand and establish the brand. And once we do that, we are all starting to really start looking at additional SKUs, which we believe will then be able to afford the company better margins as we continue to establish the brand. Then we'll also, at an appropriate time, look to basically removing the prepricing on the can and just pricing it according to promotional periods.
Rodney Sacks: Europe was negative. I think I gave the figure was 3.9 between Europe and there was a small loss in Australia. It was 3.9 in the first quarter. That was, again, largely because of the disproportionate, as I indicated, sponsorship fees up front that were incurred in the first quarter. We believe that as we go forward with that, that will start rectifying itself and the percentages will be better.  We also are hopeful that we'll be able to get our production of the majority of our products produced by CCE for us. This was originally contemplated. There have been some delays in getting their plants up and running. We are hopeful that will start in the next month or two. That will, we believe, that will have a meaningful impact on lowering our costs in Europe. So, costs for the last year have been higher than we had anticipated due to additional freight and transport and production costs.
Rodney Sacks: We think that will contribute. It won't be the sole cause. The other cause will be, obviously, to get, you know you need minimum sales volume. You have a certain overhead that you have. As I said, all the endorsement and sponsorship costs. You have a fixed overhead of people and staff. And we believe that will get much closer to that as we go into the year. That will start improving. At this stage, I don't think it would be appropriate for us to give you any direction on that.
Rodney Sacks: I think the majority of the sponsorship costs, the very larger amounts, are what we would call international sponsorships. They will be leveraged across all the additional markets. We will need to continue to, obviously, continue to implement local marketing programs in each of the countries as we go into them.  But what we're doing is the marketing program for each of these countries is clearly modeled on the international piece, which rubs off on, gives credibility to, the brand that creates awareness for the brand through TV, you know, as been seen on TV, Formula One, Motor GP, all of those properties get shown in Euro Sport and get shown on TV around the world, Europe and around the world.  But on a per case basis, we should start seeing some real benefits and reductions as we continue to leverage those properties out in the rest of Europe because we're not planning on increasing the basically the international marketing spend for those international properties, the Valentino Rossi and the [inaudible] etc. It's the local market that we will simply have to ramp up in each country as we go into it.
Rodney Sacks: What we've done is we've looked at how we're staffing. We have taken on additional people, and that's probably one of the reasons why, and higher paid people, more qualified people, one of the reasons we're seeing an increase in our payroll. We've taken on two, some key people to head up the business – one person, in particular, to head up our business in basically in central and eastern Europe. And we've also now taken on a new person, senior person, to help really head up, growing to heading up sales for western Europe. We are obviously taking on and staffing up to meet the additional staffing.  In the U.S., we've really created three business units. We have senior vice presidents heads of those units. Again, with that, we're staffing up individually with more qualified and higher qualified people in each of the units. We are sort of being cautious not to take on too much payroll expense; but at the same time, this is part of the reason we are having to staff up.  The actual implementation of the SAP system itself has required us to take on pretty senior consultants and experts to be able to manage that system. Ultimately, we believe that we will benefit from the benefits out of, there are benefits from the SAP system.  On the marketing side, we have taken on a new senior head to manage our sports marketing program. Again, it's becoming a global platform. We need somebody who's able to really market that and plan that more carefully and more rationally than historically.  We've also taken on a senior person to head up our internal graphics and support services department to be able to design, again, support our local marketing programs and new product introductions and designs as well as international. For the image of our brand, generally and even on the licensing side, we're being very cautious with how we deal with the brand and the Monster claw. We are gearing up to it. They're all growing pains, you know, any growing organization as we grow and as we continue to try and deal with the challenges that we are being presented with.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. This quarter has been a challenging quarter for us. A lot of costs have been spent in sort of trying to lay the basis for our future growth and for the business. We do believe that we can look forward to positive results going forward in the second quarter and through the rest of the year. Sales trends are certainly starting to bear that out for us.  We also are going, obviously, taking steps to stabilize and to ensure that we don't increase our spend on sponsorships and supporting the brand, but we believe that ultimately is essential to feed the brand and make sure that it continues to have the growth for years to come. We don't want to cut back on that irrationally. So we all believe that we are continuing to grow and staffing up our company.  The fact of the matter is that we really believe that the brand continues to gain strength at retail, whether it's from the Nielsen numbers, from our numbers, when you really look at the core brand, the brand is strong, the energy category is continuing to grow, and we do believe and we're optimistic that we will be able to continue to show and deliver growth going forward. Thank you very much.
