Rodney Sacks: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I’m Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: I think it's a combination of those things. I think we have got gas prices coming down. I think we have seen sort of now sort of increase in convenience. I remember, last year. Convenience was always ahead of the grocery and mass channels. And last year has sort of reversed, and convenience was a little slow. That seems to be coming back a little bit. And we just think that, again, pricing has sort of settled down a bit. But you can see across the whole category, there has been an increase in the Nielsen numbers across the category for most people and our competitors. So, we're just are seeing just a little bit of resurgence of confidence again.
Rodney Sacks: The fact is that I think that we've actually got a really broad base of innovation, I think that it has sort of improved over the last few years, and I think we're sort of getting it right. I think that will be positive for the brand. We also are being able to secure a little more shelf space across the different channels, which is helping us with innovation, because in some cases, we didn't get shelf spaces in some of the years past, and it was sort of difficult to actually get the innovation to achieve the benefits that we had hoped for. We think that this year, we will be able to achieve those benefits. We have rationalized some of the SKUs. And we think that we'll be able to get a good selection of our innovation on shelf, particularly the new energy Zero Sugar and also the new Reign subline, which will going to go up against other competitors in the 12-ounce category. And there has been some additional shelf space, not only in the energy category, but also in the sort of wellness category. So, I think in some places, we'll also be able to place the Reign Storm sort of line in that area as well. So overall, we think there will be a good contribution going forward from innovation, which is exciting. And so far, initial response to things like our Ultra Strawberry Dreamsicle has been really positive from consumers and bottlers to the Zero Sugar and others. So, we are pretty optimistic and upbeat about innovation this year. Also, we were introducing a lot of multipacks to try and increase the take home, particularly in places like grocery. So again, we haven't described them that much on this call, but there's a whole skew of multipack and variety packs that we're doing in a multipack, which we think will be positive for the brand this year for sales.
Rodney Sacks: Thanks. On behalf of the company, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad and in particular, capitalizing on our relationship with the Coca-Cola bottling system. We believe that we are well positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you remain safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. Well, if you look back at what happened in the fourth quarter, we had a price increase in September 1 in the US. We had some price increases internationally during 2022 and into the fourth quarter of 2022. We are increasing pricing in many international markets on a phased basis starting in the early part of 2023. So, a lot of the increased costs that we have been absorbing should be accommodated by increased pricing. But looking forward, we all know what's happening with aluminum. It's coming down. Certain other commodities are coming down. In Europe, we see energy coming down. So overall, I think with regard to margin, we are actually in a good place. And as you saw in this quarter, we were able to move margin on a sequential basis. We do, however, have certain costs that are not going away. For example, co-packing fees have gone up. The sugar is in tight supply because of weather situations. So, there are positives as well as negatives in the system. As regards to the international cans, we don't have that significant quantity left in terms of what the impact will be on gross margin. So, I think we've just got to work through those cans. They are green and ultra-white. We'll look through them and will be good. The only issue is that we do have promotional cans from time to time. And as I've spoken on this call on a number of occasions, these cans are not promotional cans. They're just straight cans that we use in non-promotional periods. And also, it depends -- we have other obligations with our can companies. So, it's a question of sourcing cans on the most optimal place to be able to co-pack. So that may be too long an explanation, but I hope it gave you a sense of what we're seeing from the sand.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. Chris, to answer your first question, we don't give guidance. And I actually gave quite a robust explanation of what we see the runway for margins. So, I just really don't want to estimate it because we really don't give guidance. But I think I gave you a good sense of where we are, probably too much, but that is where it is. In respect of the price increase in the US in September, we actually limited the bottlers to the extent of how much they could buy in. So, I don't think that there was -- in fact, we don't think there was any much pull forward from Q3. I think it was just a question of the market stabilizing. As you know, with when price increases are put into effect, there's always a little bit of a bump as you go into more steady waters. And everything we know and that we've heard is the price really -- the price increase is actually sticking. So, we had a little bit more promotional allowances in the fourth quarter, and you'll see that in the K is released, but that's really consistent with bleeding in a price increase to a market in the consumer goods industry.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes, the other thing I think you should do is have a look at the -- when we announced third quarter results, we spoke about the October sales. And if you look at the October sales, it's not inconsistent with the quarter. And I'll talk about the fourth quarter of 2022, sorry.
Hilton Schlosberg: Well, let's talk about the first question, Mark, about inventories. As you know, when we went out of 2021, our inventories were just too low. We were unable to service our customers without major upheavals and without major costs. So, we -- there was no question that the inventories had to move and move significantly up because bearing in mind where our sales are. But as we are, we believe that we have sufficient inventories, which is important for us to be able to service our customers. Are we working on getting those inventories down? Yes. And these inventories will optimize themselves in due course. So, I wouldn't be concerned. Our products have a two-year shelf life, and it's important that we maintain sufficient inventories to service our customers. And then on that second question you asked about pricing, if you know and look, for example, at a Mountain Dew at Walmart, a 20-ounce Mountain Dew Walmart, their price is $2.18. And Monster is $2.28, so we -- I think as you look at the energy category and you kind of balance the pricing of 20-ounce sodas and energy drinks. Remember that we now -- and just twisting over to convenience, we sell more -- energy drink sell more at convenience than carbonated soft drinks. So, there is a balance. And I think we have struck a very good balance. With regard to going forward, we have a price increase planned for 24-ounce, which we believe has got opportunity, and we're taking price in 24-ounce up beginning of April. So that will happen. And we'll continue to monitor the opportunities for price increases in the US, as we see margins and as we see the carbonated soft drink category, and it's a whole bundle of issues that lead us to move in the direction of whether to take price.
Hilton Schlosberg: I think, Steve, we spoke about that about margins earlier on the call. Margins on a sequential basis were actually up. So, I'm really not sure what you're referring to. And the first question that we answered spoke -- I spoke quite heavily about the progression of gross margins and the pluses and the minuses. So maybe I'm missing something, but I think we did discuss margin earlier on the call. And with regard to the $60 million that we spoke about in the release, that was only -- the $60 million was comprised of $39.6 million due to increased ingredients in other input costs and 12.5 due to geographical product sales mix and 7.9 due to increased logistical costs. And the rest of the increase in cost of sales was normal increases as you would expect to -- in a normal business environment. Those are the kind of the exceptional ones that we called out.
