Rodney C. Sacks: Judy, with your second question first. I think you are correct in that assumption. I think international markets have just been a little more affected. I think there's just a little more skepticism amongst the distributors and anticipation of what the future will be and whether they will continue to be -- distribute the brand. And I think that has affected their investment in the brand, investment in securing distribution and sales and, in general approach, I think in attitude. With regard to the transition to the U.S., we think that the transition has gone relatively smoothly from a retailer point of view. There were a few disruptions, minor where retailers hadn't -- weren't able in time to make changes or the distributor to make changes, so that, in some cases, products being taken into stores were still being shown as being supplied by the previous vendors, so there were some issues. But generally, we thought that the transition went well. But again, a lot of that will only come through to us with time. We've heard of small -- a few instances, but obviously, we don't hear of everything, certainly not in the first few weeks of it taking place. So I think that even to really understand the issues and the opportunities, is going to take some months to pan out and be -- for us to be able to really make more sense of it. Just to comment on any doubtful things, I think would not be sensible and not accurate enough.
Rodney C. Sacks: I think it's probably going to be similar, yes. I just think that having seen how they've managed this and the effect and the response from the trade and consumers, we think that's probably what we are likely to do. We'll finalize the actual numbers a little later, but we'll do that. We're looking to try and do that early in the fall.
Rodney C. Sacks: Yes. It's hard for us to determine what the tax rate would be. But we -- there was a -- there was this factor. This was quite a large stock option exercise that might've -- there maybe some that flow through. But then eventually, on a longer-term basis, those will ameliorate quite substantially. That will affect the tax rate. And I think as we continue to settle down and grow international business, both for our own brand as well as the brand, the KO acquired brands, we think that the tax rate will be positively affected. But we -- at this point, we just -- there's too many uncertainties for us to try and point to exactly where that will end up. But we do think we will be able to make some headway in lowering the rate.
Rodney C. Sacks: Again, I think that's been really difficult to give you an answer on because it's just taken time to get to meet the international bottlers around the world to assess their appetite, where we will be with them, what their appetite is for the brand. And there are also, obviously, economic issues and factors as to whether we are happy making the change, if -- based on margin requirements and cost requirements. So there are a number of factors, and we are working through those. But the U.S. was an easier transition in -- to do in mass clearly and was the main focus for us to get done. The other focuses, we've been -- to visit them, we've traveled around them, we're starting negotiations with them. But many of them are -- don't know Monster, don't know the system. And it's -- and each negotiation takes on its own course because of different factors that apply in each of these different countries. And this quite varies. There isn't a one formula fits all for the different countries. So that is taking a bit more time, and we're going to have to work our way through it. Obviously, we are looking at that as -- on a positive point of view, we would like to transition substantial amount of that distribution, but that will pan out later in the year over the next 3 to 6 months.
Rodney C. Sacks: Just on the G&A, I think that the regulatory side will eventually go, but it is there. We're going to see that for a little while still until we resolve some of these -- the pending regulatory matters. With regard to the payroll taxes, again, we think that there may be 1 or 2 quarters, but that generally will also I think regulate -- might disappear and become much more normalized. One of the other costs that we -- or a couple of the other costs that I would just mention, that I did mention, the premiums was high this quarter. What happened was we took premiums into our books in the first quarter. A lot of it designed or earmarked for second quarter premiums. So there was a slight switch in when you're going to see the benefit of it, but is this the right -- we needed to account with an accordance with our policies. Also, in the -- in sponsorships, there was a -- there was an increase, which we think will level out over the year. What -- in certain types of sponsorships, we had allocated these sponsorships over the period of the actual events due to certain changes in the way we -- our contracts with the -- particular events. Now we are amortizing those more spread over the 12-month period. So that had a bit of an effect of increasing costs in the first quarter because a lot of the events start towards -- the annual events start towards the second quarter or earlier than that -- end of the first quarter. We also had an increase in -- we signed an agreement, a sort of major sponsorship with UFC this year, which had the effect of also increasing and coming into the first quarter. So those -- again, we think those will normalize somewhat and probably get us more in line with what we've been going in the future. What we don't know is how those effects will -- those will all be effective once we obviously bring in the KO brands with -- because the whole model for the KO brands will be a concentrate model. There'd be different cost criteria, and that may change things up a little bit.
Rodney C. Sacks: Well, the major international markets that we sort of already are in the with large enough, and I'd say, major sort of Energy Drink markets are U.K. and Europe, Germany, where we're in now, Spain, so we are -- we're continuing to focus in those markets. Those markets won't -- obviously GB and Spain are with the same Coca-Cola Bottlers. We -- obviously, Germany isn't at the moment, and that will be a decision on -- if and when we change in Germany, which is likely and imminent. The opportunities also in the other big markets, which are sort of -- as a market but we don't know the size of the Energy category for probably premium. The market is very big for -- in Energy, for example, in China, which we've mentioned before, is a really big -- we think is a big future opportunity. But it's in a lower-priced product at the moment. And so whether the premium section and how, where we want to position our brand is still uncertain and we've not come to a final decision. But clearly, that is a market we're going to focus on. We do believe there's good opportunity to grow much more than we have in a market like Brazil, which is also a big market. Obviously Japan, we're doing nicely. And so we're going to try and focus on the larger markets where we're already there. And then obviously, newer markets, we will be -- we will go into, but it wouldn't be as much authority, probably other than China, which we do regard as a priority for us. And we are looking at that and taking steps to actively look at the market and ascertain when we can get into that market. So I think that we will see some benefits, but we just got to get more information and have more time to meet with all the bottlers. That's a pretty gigantic task when you look at -- there are a number of independent bottlers around the world in the Coke system. It's not a matter of getting together with a half a dozen of them. And we are working our way through them at the moment and making good progress. But each country has its own issues. And one of the things that complicate international, which we believe is important for the long term, is we are looking, as in many cases when we're talking to distribution, to the bottlers there, we are also talking to them about production, local production because we believe that will be important to reduce our costs. And then just important to also get them more aligned with us to be real partners and produce locally and -- as well as sell locally. So -- production has its own issues, and we need to deal with those things. That just adds complexity. But ultimately, we'll get there, and we believe it will be in the long-term benefit to do it this way.
Rodney C. Sacks: No. It's -- again, it's a mixed bag, and there are clearly more opportunities to get local production through the Coke bottlers that we have talked to and we anticipate talking to. In some countries, we were very advanced in discussions with independent Coke packers to actually pack our products. And in some cases, we need to and we will continue with those arrangements and implement them because a, it'll help secure local production on a -- at a quicker date because it does take some time to get a Coke-packing plant up to speed and to make certain equipment changes that might be necessary or was usually necessary in order to run our products. And in some case in countries, there may well be a need for backup or 2 production plants. So again, it depends on the country. It depends on the circumstances, but there is a really good appetite from the Coke bottlers who are enthusiastic about wanting to do production and -- which is very beneficial for us. So we are reviewing and running down dual policies in some countries where 2 -- the independent packers that we already started on, plus Coke packers, and then in other countries, just looking -- starting from a fresh with Coke -- with the Coke packers or Coke bottlers.
Rodney C. Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I would like to thank everyone for their continued interest in our company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continue to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company, both at home and abroad. We are particularly excited by the new opportunities that we are -- that we have going forward with a robust portfolio of Energy Drink products comprised of our Monster Energy Drink line, together with The Coca-Cola Company's energy brands throughout the world. We believe that our agreement with The Coca-Cola Company will enable us to focus on our core Energy business while leveraging the strength of The Coca-Cola Company's powerful distribution and bottling system on a worldwide scale. Thank you very much for your attendance.
