Rodney Sacks: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I’m Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: I think in – I’ll just add two short points in that regard. I think what we’ve tried to do is to try and also basically focus on our faster selling and our larger SKUs, which has necessarily resulted in some of the smaller SKUs, which normally have their own traction and followers. So those haven’t got on to shelf. And then the one additional thing that I think that has negatively affected our distribution sales and distribution levels in the U.S. is labor shortages. And I think that what we’ve seen is that many of the bottlers, Coke bottlers are experiencing labor shortages. And while one would ordinarily say, well, everybody is going to have the same problem. I think that where you have Red Bull is our main competitor, they have a dedicated system. I think they’ve been able to address their labor shortages just more effectively than the larger bottlers with large labor pools. And that has also, I think, detrimentally affected our distribution levels going forward. But again, I think those are things that once things start settling down and things will get back to normality, that’s something that I think that will also, in due course, right itself.
Rodney Sacks: Perhaps, if I just on the shortage level, just to add that when we buy cans in contracted for our annual amount, they usually are sort of reasonably flat line across the year. And we used the first half of the year to build up can inventories and finished product inventories with ourselves and our bottlers. Earlier this year, obviously, demand sort of was strong, and so we really didn’t have that opportunity. So what has happened is that in June and July, which is your normal peak months, the demand has been higher, but our supply has been more level until we can get more can inventories into the market. So what happened is just that we have had a sort of a heartened increased shortage in the last month and July and probably will be a little bit in August. And then obviously, as we start increasing our – the cans we’re getting in, and then we’re able to balance it more and our demand balances more, we’ll start to have less of a different delta between these demand and supplier and eventually be able to – we’re hoping to able to build up our inventories and supply back to normal by the end of the fourth quarter or during or by the end of the fourth quarter.
Rodney Sacks: Yes. Basically, just make it clear, at this point, we are watching and we’re not planning a price increase. So we’re not adverse to a price, but we’ll wait and see what the market does and what our competitors do.
Rodney Sacks: Thanks very much. Thank you, everyone, for your continued interest and support of the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy to remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company, both domestically and abroad. And in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottler system internationally. We believe that we will be able to navigate through the challenges ahead as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and hope that this unfortunate situation will resolve itself in the near future. We believe that we are well-positioned in the energy drink category and will continue to be and are optimistic about our total portfolio of energy drink brands. We hope that you will stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: All right. I think, Dara, what’s important is that, that’s not a result and not due to us not growing. We are not keeping up with our share, but our business is certainly growing. And you can track that from Nielsen. You can also track that from the non-measured channels, which are growing really very nicely. So while we’re not keeping up necessarily with Red Bull in the major channels. As I’ve spoken on previous calls, Red Bull had a very large on-premise business, which has moved to off-premise and moved to off-premise during COVID. And that led to an acceleration in their share. However, we mentioned that we had and are continuing to sustain can issues and result in supply. And of course, that’s having an impact on the share numbers that you are seeing. So I think on balance, the business is growing. You’ve seen the results. It’s continuing to grow. And we are growing, but not at the extent of the market. I think with the full deck of cards, the situation may well be very different. But right now, we really are struggling with sufficient supplies of aluminum cans really to keep up with demand, which is, I suppose, a good position to be in. And on the other hand, is not such a good position to be in. The business is growing. And, that’s the message I want to leave you with and other investors.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes, I think we should also – Dara, I think we should also add that what we’re seeing with cans is something that will persist through this year. I’m a bit more optimistic about the fourth quarter because we have two new can suppliers coming on board. But the situation will persist. And then make sure, we should be in – we believe we’ll be in very good shape. But again, it all depends on consumer demand, which is growing, and you’ve seen that month-by-month and quarter-by-quarter.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. So let me deal with the first issue first, if I may. I spoke about optimistic about can supplies. I really didn’t talk about margins. You’ll recall on the last call, I spoke about the issues that we were confronting with margin pressures like most other beverage companies. And where we are right now with aluminum, I mean, nobody knows. So you can talk to the leading banks in the field, which we do on a regular basis, and they really are pulls apart about their projections for aluminum in 2022, let alone 2021. So the last couple of days, you’ve seen a spike in the Midwest premium from this tax that is expected to be imposed on Russian aluminum. And as you know, the Midwest premium is strongly factors the last ton of aluminum to enter the U.S. and the cost of that. And so we’ve seen a spike in the Midwest premium. And we continue to see spikes in aluminum. So from that score, I think we just are in uncharted territory. I’ve been in this business for a long time, as you know, and I’ve never seen aluminum where it’s at right now. And I’ve never seen the Midwest premium at these kind of levels. So aluminum, I really cannot talk about. And also when you look at our business and you look at the factors that really have affected gross margin, number one, the fact that we’re selling a lot more internationally. So I talked earlier about 37.4% of our sales in the quarter outside of the U.S. 30% last year, that obviously impacts margins. We are importing cans from a number of countries that obviously impacts margins. In fact, the China and India cans that we are using in the United States and in EMEA will only be filed in August and July, and they will be filled this month, so that in itself, the imputation will impact gross margins. And then to cap everything else, we have ingredient issues. We had ingredient issues, as we mentioned, in July, which again reduced the amount that we would actually sell because we didn’t have sufficient ingredients to meet themselves, particularly with NOS. And so there are a number of factors that are increasing our cost of goods. And last quarter, I said I didn’t think that margins would get better in the second and third quarters. I read they will not – I think margins will deteriorate in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we’re getting some relief in terms of supplies from the U.S. on cans that are – have been contracted for and they were contracted for two years ago. And we saw the opportunity to work with two major suppliers to get additional cans produced in the U.S., and that’s why we have two new supplies opening, and we are an important and an anchor customer of both those facilities. But even that, you’re still dependent on aluminum. We have some hedges in place, but obviously not enough to take into consideration the amount of sales and the amount of consumer demand that is out there. So that’s a long-winded way of saying, I think, answering your question and as best as I can. And then just getting to your second question, because you’re really only allowed one, but to get to your second question, we have quantified or try to quantify the impact on can shortages in July and in this quarter and in the – potentially in the third quarter, but I really don’t want to – I’m not comfortable with those numbers yet. A lot of detailed work is being done on them. And I just – I can’t in good contents give those numbers because we still are in the throes of kind of finalizing what we think is probably correct. Rodney mentioned in his script earlier that a number of the bottlers, he mentioned particularly in EMEA, but there were cases in the U.S. as well, and there was a substantial case in the U.S. where the bottlers were obviously focused on other things in the quarter and were producing Coca-Cola brands. And as a result, I think we – our production got moved from July to August, so when I look at July, it doesn’t – I don’t get overly concerned because I know the sales are going into August.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. No one’s comfortable with the level of finished goods inventories that we’re running at, but it’s a sign of the times. I mean, we’re doing everything we can to supply our customers. And that’s why we spoke about freights. Freight is a big issue, not only getting raw material ingredients into co-packing system and into our bottling system and – but also distributing from our co-packers. And obviously, the one goes into cost of sales and freight out goes into operating expenses. So that’s why you’ll see freight really hitting both of those line items.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. With regard to pricing, we continue to evaluate pricing, honestly, on a very, very regular basis, if not weekly. So we continue to evaluate it, and we want to make a good decision. Last time around, as I mentioned on previous calls, we went out alone, and we would like to have been in a situation this time where we followed our competitor, but we have to evaluate, obviously, the business as we see it and the impact for us. What we’ve done is we’re reducing our promotional allowances. So we’re taking a price increase the other way, through reducing promotional allowances, but the impact of that reduction in the second quarter was not as we would have liked. So we are – we really put the accelerator down and are more aggressive in reducing our promotional allowances. But we are continuing to evaluate the pricing and price increases. And then I have to leave this call with my favorite saying, and that is, we don’t bank gross profit margins, we bank gross profit dollars. And to me, the fact that we’re doing everything we can to satisfy our customers as best as we can is impacting gross profit margins. But at the end of the day, we don’t want to lose gross profit dollars, which is really important to ensure the sustainability of the brand and that’s the most important thing for us right now.
