Rodney Cyril Sacks: To give most of the information that you are asking would be giving future estimates and indications and even more difficulty in a market that we are just going into. We are -- all I would like to say about China is that we are planning to enter China in a similar way to which we have entered other markets. We look at building distribution on a store-by-store basis, we are going into the market with one SKU which is Monster green primarily our main product. As I indicated in the call, we are still looking to finalize negotiations with our distribution partners on the distributions agreements and those negotiations have been taking -- have taken some time. We are progressing with registrations. So we are in a new country it’s -- we are looking at -- obviously we don’t have a lot of experience there because we’ve not been there. And so to say more than that I don’t know we are looking to continue later this year, but there could be some delays in getting the registrations, but we are continuing to focus on China and I just don’t believe that there is more at this point that we will be able to say. Obviously, we will need to make investments in the market, which we will do as appropriate to establish the brand, but it’s a slow traditional build for us going into China. 
Rodney Cyril Sacks: The category, might be seeing a slowing slightly, but obviously it’s still growing at a good positive rate, you have got to look at the category in the context of beverages generally, I think the point you made is one of the important points is that part of that category’s growth is that we are cycling on price increases now and if you look at the growth and it’s largely is influenced -- the category growth largely gets influenced by the growth that obviously Red Bull enough contribute to the category as the major participants in the country. And you have seen a slowing in the Red Bull numbers and that really has probably a large influence on that category. So we don’t see much difference, we are positive about the category, but obviously we can’t tell where the category will grow, what sort of innovation will come from our competitors, we have innovations as I have indicated coming. It is going to come later in the year, but we do have quite a robust innovation pipeline.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Again, like everything in life everybody would like things to happen instantaneously, but it takes time and as we transition we are starting to see once you have had an opportunity to settle down with the particular bottler in that market we all starting to see good progress. But again is also depends on the commitment of a bottler and each bottler has his own priorities, his own commitments and it is varied, but if you look at the trend Judy, which is clearly from what we have given the indication on each of the countries on our market share. The trend generally is continuing to be positive and we are continuing to take market share.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: So we just think generally it’s positive and as we go forward obviously we do look work our way through the choppiness and the transition issues that we had in the past.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think that one other thing we did mentioned previously that we did find that in some of the cases the investment in the strategic brands prior to and during the transition had been trimmed and cut back and that did affect sale. So we did see a reduction in sales in those countries as a result we believe of that. So what we’ve had to do is not only just go in and blindly obviously reinvest in marketing, but we’ve had to relook at how we repositioning these brands and at the same time get the repositioning done both in repackaging, in designs, in flavors and then obviously then recreate marketing plans to fit those the new positioning that we have looked at four of these brands particularly the Burn brand and Relentless are two of the large brands that did have some weakness. We’ve also in many ways repositioned NOS a little bit in the U.S. although we haven’t changed packaging, we all are going to modernize that packaging and that’s still coming through now. So this is a long process because there were many brands in many countries and laid on top of our own staffing and our own business obviously at Monster it takes a long-term to get a lot of these reposition done. So we think that’s partially the reason for it and yes, it has been weaker than we had estimated but we are -- we have been doing the repositioning, we have doing some focusing, we are starting to see some strong signs and we do believe that that will continue to be positive. Some of the other brands although smaller again it’s a mix big you can’t put it into one category because in some cases the brands are smaller and may go away, but in other cases some of the smaller brands are very good, very strong brands and we are actually looking to long-term growth from those brands, but again it’s going to be a positioning and a build. It’s not going to happen overnight. But there are some really good brands that we see in the mix that we do believe we will see growth from going forward.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: There were obviously some challenges in March as we indicated, that is a market that has not transitioned so there is obviously some uncertainty relating to the market. The market we have still grown just short of 10% and so the brand has continually grown quarter-to-quarter, but there is the emergence of a low cost brand Vive 100 in the market that have been very aggressive and they have really expanded the market and that’s why when we look at the market we say our market share has decreased, but is it of a very much increased market and may be a little bit different. And then we had a debate earlier as to does Vive 100 really put into category or do well we really in the premium category and Vive 100 is in a lower price category are they really different and should we be splitting them. And as we think we have traditionally put them into the one category, but that really what’s happens. So if you look at the underlying market bearing the uncertainties et cetera it is still growing and obviously one of the issues is ForEx and affordability, but we are still growing. So we are comfortable with end market, we think it’s a good market and we think that in the future we will continue to see pretty good growth from there.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: We spoke about the price increase number one; number two, we’ve got the Concentrate business has now kicked in it wasn’t in the first quarter of last year. So those are two factors that influenced margin in this quarter. There is product mix, which has also influenced margin so apart from those I’m not aware of anything unusual apart from those that influenced margin in the quarter.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think I’d like to just add is that if you look at international margins I think we should expect them to be lower than U.S. because of pricing and in many of those cases our cost of goods seems to be higher, we’re producing out of the U.S. particularly for the -- in the immediate future when volumes really get to the levels of the U.S. we’ll see some reduction but even then I think we should expect cost of goods to be higher internationally.  The other thing is that we go through the -- in looking at the mix it’s a mix bag Caroline because even internationally we’ve obviously got Concentrate business, which has got traditionally the higher margins, but as Monster and we think that ultimately the growth in the long-term for the company is that the Monster brand will grow while again we think we will get growth from the new brand there is some nice brands in the strategic group that will continue to grow as well. If you looked -- if we looked at it we think that ultimately the larger growth will come from Monster and then as Monster there will be a -- because they’re international there will be some slight reduction in overall margin, but you want to take the mix…
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Correct. And that’s [indiscernible]. So again I just want to bear that in mind so there I am conscious like a I think just a straight line and then take the incremental margin we should get from AAF and should be applied going forward. So while we do expect there to be an improvement in some immediate factors that one should take into account. 
Rodney Cyril Sacks: On behalf of Monster I’d like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad and in particular to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottler system internationally.  We are also particularly excited by the new opportunities that we have going forward with a robust portfolio of energy drink product throughout the world comprised of our Monster energy brand together with the strategic brands. Thank you very much for your attendance. 
Hilton H. Schlosberg: I would say look at the German numbers Judy that we spoke about on the call and also South Korea. Those are two markets that have been transitioned to the Coca-Cola System. Those may give some indications but the other markets that we have not seen that amount of growth and those are some of the Hellenic markets. So as Rodney said it does differ from country to country. So those are two good indications here.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: I think it’s a mix bag. I actually have done full analysis of these strategic brand. Like you we also need to understand what the position is with regard to those brand. Some of it is relating to weakness in the brand themselves that we are addressing in various ways. Some of that of course is a foreign currency and there is another factor in that in certain countries we have been unable to structure ourselves in a way that we could actually self concentrate and what we do in certain countries is we get a royalty from the Coca-Cola Company, which equates to effectively what we would have done had we sell the Concentrate. The struction is sitting up various countries to accommodate the Concentrate business. So there is a whole lot of factors that one has to take into account in evaluating the Concentrate business. But largely there is some weakness, but you are not seeing in these numbers the full extent of the Concentrate business because of some of these adjustments that have to take place.
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Does that answer your question? So it’s a kind of mixture of volume decreases in certain brands that are being addressed and other factors that...
Hilton H. Schlosberg: So since you like numbers, let me quote the number enough for Vive 100, there 340 ml PET which is their leading product in pesos sells for 10 pesos. Our product, a 473ml U.S. product that sold in Mexico sells for 30 pesos to 32 pesos. So that’s the comparison in pricing. It’s a very, very aggressive competitor and we don’t want to go down and we will not go down to that type of pricing for Monster. 
Hilton H. Schlosberg: No, I think that’s absolutely right. One of the big issues the legal stuff can be negotiated and it is but it’s got to be a fair agreement in terms -- on commercial terms for us and a fair agreement for the bottler and often the bottler feels he is entitled to more and we as a brand owner have substantial expenses, have substantial marketing expenses and we have to ensure that after those marketing expenses we do a good deal for our shareholders. So it is a bit of a hedging, but as you can see from the agreements that have been finalized we’re moving forward and we’ll move forward in due course with some of the other bottlers or we won’t. And if it’s not there are other distribution partners that we’ll be working with. 
Hilton H. Schlosberg: Well pricing differs from country to country obviously and we have very good pricing in the U.S. and in some countries internationally we don’t benefit from the same pricing structures. So what we’ve done we don’t give projections as you know, we don’t give guidance, but what we’ve done in this quarter is we’ve actually given you the margins in the international territories in aggregate so you can see the trends in margin in EMEA and the trends in Asia Pacific and Central and South America.
