Rodney C. Sacks: We look at market conditions as they develop and look to implementing the share repurchase as we go forward. We will raise it again with the board at a meeting tomorrow and then we'll see how we go through the end of the year.
Rodney C. Sacks: I -- do you have the -- I really at this stage, at this time, I just don't have that figure -- those figures handy. Other than to say that, our sales into our distributors in both those areas were considerably lower than the sales out.
Rodney C. Sacks: Well, we can't speculate as to whether what we have suggested would be completely satisfactory to senators or regulators. We've just, from our assessment of the questions that we've got and the request for commitment that we have from the senators, we believe this goes a pretty far way to dealing with them. There are some issues that we have still and don't believe we should agree to and won't voluntarily to agree to. And they may remain still contentious, outstanding contentious issues. But we do believe that pretty much by and large, we think that this will resolve, or certainly alleviate to a large measure, some of those headwinds.
Rodney C. Sacks: You are very unclear. But if -- what you're talking about is our margins in Europe, we are taking steps to improve our margin through production in a number of additional countries in Europe. For technical reasons some of the production that we had planned to implement during the year, we weren't comfortable with the quality of the products running off -- coming off the lines and so we weren't able to implement some of those, those plans. But we are planning to produce at additional production plants in Southern Europe, which will alleviate a lot of the freight and damages cost and other cost in health margins. We are also planning -- we are quite advanced in production and planning production in South Africa, which will remove the freight from Europe to South Africa and also, reduce damages in transit and also improve our margins there as well. This also will apply in Japan where we are progressing as quickly as we can to implement production. And we also are [indiscernible] finally, we are also at an advanced stage of discussions and moving forward with production plans for additional production plants in Brazil, which we believe will also, because of they are complicated tax laws, will also help us achieve improved margins in Brazil. So we are hoping that in 2014, we will actually start to see some improved margins coming.
Rodney C. Sacks: Well, it should get to 80%, 80-plus like most of our other energy drink brands. And then obviously, what you might get in -- within the range, you might get a variation of ACB levels from the bestsellers to the least. We have 3, we're introducing strawberry Muscle Monster and we are planning to introduce another variant at the beginning of 2014. So we believe that we will be able to certainly get our better selling products in that -- in the range up to that 80-plus level. But it's a question of time and when we get listings and get into the new sets in spring.
Rodney C. Sacks: Sorry at this point, we're just looking at the U.S. market. We're also evaluating the Canadian market. But due to cost of goods at this time, we aren't looking at any of the other markets yet.
Rodney C. Sacks: We take it across all countries. And as we indicated, I gave you some of our bigger countries. Basically, we have increased rates, but a lot of the central and eastern countries have been -- their actual category is down and we haven't seen those sort of increases. And so when you balance it across the whole of Europe, it's come down more but also I think there is some issue in CCE. They did, we think, reduce inventories. But I don't have a figure for that. There was some reduction in their inventory holdings, which again also translate into a difference between our sell in and their sell out. And I think there was a production, they delayed production at the end of the quarter. Just because in some of -- in many of their markets, they run production and then charge out the products and then record a sell, once they run the product produced, and then it gets delivered and they moved their production that was scheduled at the end of September, they moved that into the beginning of October. So that, I think it may have had some impact as well.
Rodney C. Sacks: No. Once again, because we really just started getting regulatory approval, they were using some of their current inventory they had on hand and we're now starting to produce new fresh inventory for them. So India really had no effect. Just want to go back -- in Japan the foreign exchange difference is about $2 million. Also just wanted to mention that, just in case you guys have looked at the some of the inventory buildup, that's possibly due to the fact that we started delivering some of the Ultra Red during the quarter. Although we launched it in the October, there was some sales in the quarter of Ultra Red, we were building up inventory. Also, we had Ultra Blue inventory, which is from the launch in March, which we didn't have last year. And we also have a Call of Duty promotion, both in the U.S. and in many of our international markets, and so there was some buildup of inventory in anticipation of deliveries for that promotion, which will take place later in the quarter, it will take place starting now, I think and going through to the end of the year.
Rodney C. Sacks: We think that there's still some impact, but we think that it is being -- it is lessening as time goes on because things are -- this started over year ago. The amount of articles and comments and has become sort of lessened. So we do believe there has been lesser of an impact and eventually, we believe it will get -- it eventually will be eliminated and go away. But at the moment, we think there is still some there on the category, generally. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued support for the company. We remain confident in the safety of our products and our growth strategy, both domestically and internationally. Thank you very much for your attendance.
