Rodney Sacks: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: We don't give guidance and the category has in line with other consumer products in a little bit of a slowing, I think there's been a lot of price increases across not only the energy category, but all beverage and consumer product. And so there has been a little bit of slowing, I think there's been a little bit of trimming of benefits under the snap programs that were increased during COVID. And those are sort of being pulled back a little bit generally now. So I think you would see a little bit of a sort of rationalization by buyers as they have slightly less disposable income. But again, I think that will settle down. We are overall though, if you look at the numbers, we gave you the Nielsen numbers, there is still healthy growth in the energy drink category as a category, it's continuing to grow and expand. But other than the direction you're seeing from Nielsen, we really can't, and won't give any further direction. But obviously, we think that certainly in dollar terms, the category will continue to grow. In actual volumes, they may be a little bit of a slowing. But I think that we will think that it'll be more than made above by dollar increases in pricing.
Rodney Sacks: The only thing I would add is, Bonnie, internationally, we do have plans to also roll up the Zero Sugar into a number of international markets but that it's not going to go everywhere at the same time we have other things on the agenda today need to roll out. So there'll be an orderly rollout of other innovation internationally, but in many markets including in EMEA, we will be rolling up to Zero Sugar as well.
Rodney Sacks: Now with regard to the expectations, Bonnie's, Reign Storm really was launched right at the end of the first quarter. So it's just too early to tell. But obviously, we are optimistic about it. Again, and with regard to the Beast, we rolled it out slowly. And we are trying to do that in a cautious way. And we so far, the result, sales, some of the repeat sales have also been encouraging. And but again, it's early on, we have a lot of additional innovation in alcohol that we are looking at and planning. So we were quite excited, it just takes time. And we are rolling it out through this whole new distribution system, which we are continuing to build distributed by distributor, so it's taking time to get there. But as we said on the call, we hope to be national, by the end of the year, we hope to have additional product. So the whole system, I think is working, moving forward according to plan.
Rodney Sacks: Just maybe I will just add on the Ultra side. We have had a really successful launch of Ultra Strawberry Dreams. I think that some of the ACV, if you look at your Nielsen's, you'll see some of the ACV or some of the additional flavors Ultra -- Ultra Heavy in fact decreased a little bit. I think that's something we just need to look at and attend, I think as you get go through this change and introducing of new flavor, sometimes -- some of these additional SKUs that are not the top three, or four or five, sometimes get a little bit lost in the wash. So that's where we've seen a little bit of a drop-off in some of those additional flavors. But I think there's -- we think that there are solid and sound products and I think, we just need -- just really make sure we focus on just reestablishing some of the distribution levels on those. And we think those sales will continue to increase. Sales of Ultra as a brand or sub-brand have gone up in the United States and internationally. But I think that we've had, as I said, some of those flanker sort of flavors are, we need to just put some focus behind which we are doing.
Rodney Sacks: On the alcohol side, I think that what we did was -- we had quite a drop off in the seltzer business that which is part of the brands that we acquired, and that affected in operating business where they're running their own production that affected their overhead costs, because you've got some fixed costs. So as you noted in the earlier, last quarter of last year, we reported on the margins were really very [indiscernible] on the -- what we call the legacy business. Those margins are improving. We're busy sort of refitting the one line out to be able to increase the capacity for doing the Beast products. And as we go forward, we will start seeing an improvement in the margin in the legacy business. The margins on the Beast side are healthier, quite a lot better than on the legacy craft business side. And as again, those are probably smaller, lower now than they'll be as we start of getting some scale, we are doing some co-packing, we will be using our own facility and we will obviously be maximizing that. And as we go forward, we will start working on using additional co-pack as we will actually lower our costs. So we do think there will be additional margin going forward, but it is a thinner margin product, and we obviously are traditionally used to seeing on the Monster side. And maybe Hilton, you want to take the question on the cash side. Go ahead.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you, all for the company. I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy. And we remain committed to continuing to innovate, to develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad. And in particular, capitalizing on our relationship with the Coca-Cola Bottlers System. We believe that we are well positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you remain safe and healthy. And thank you for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: So addressing your first question on gross margin, as you know, we don't give guidance. But what we can say and what we have said in previous quarters, and where we've spoken about the price increases, we have [rolling] [ph] price increases in EMEA during the whole year. So that will escalate as the year goes through. In the U.S., we had a price increase, as you know, late last year, and we had a price increase on April 1 in larger sizes the 19.2, 18.4 and the 24 ounce can. So that's something that will be reflected continually as the year goes through. In addition, we took up some pricing later on in the year in LATAM and some in LATAM in 2023, as well. In Asia Pacific, we largely took up pricing in Q1 of this year. So they will be a benefit, I believe from pricing as we go through 2023. With regard to costs, that's something that we continue to evaluate. We know that, for example, aluminum has kind of stabilized which is positive for, I think, for us. And we've also had a situation where we've seen freight rates reducing, and we balanced freight in two sections in our P&L trade-in for materials and for finished goods as they move to distribution centers are regarded as part of cost of sales and freight-out is obviously regarded as an operating expense. So we are seeing some improvements. We mentioned, I think on previous calls, and in the script today, that there are some challenges in our cost of sales, including what we're seeing certain ingredients, and co-packing fees. So overall, I think, I could see a situation where we have the price -- we have the price benefits, they seem as if the -- they have been sensibly executed and that we haven't had major resistance from customers. So I think that gives you the background probably to make your own assessment. And then on your second question on selling expenses, we work towards a budget on selling expenses, which we believe are necessary to execute our play. And what those budgets are and where they end up is a factor that we very seriously consider in dealing with the needs of our consumer and the needs of the market. So, we don't really compare it to themselves and at the end of the quarter everybody else does. But we look at the needs of the marketing programs, and what we need to do to keep our brands exciting and in the eyes of the consumers.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. So if you look at Zero Sugar, we launched Zero Sugar, we rolled it out in Q1. So most markets by far the majority rolled out Zero Sugar in Q1. As regards Zero Sugar, we have actually been very pleased with the results. We had good expectations for the product and our expectations seem to have been realized. We're not seeing a big dip in green. So a lot of people have asked questions about cannibalization. But we're not seeing a big dip in green at all. I mean, green seems very much to be holding its own. So I think that as we look at shelf space, obviously we've negotiated very actively this year for additional shelf space. And we have achieved really commendable increases in shelf space. Not only in convenience, not only in the convenience independence, but across the various channels.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. And we just launched in Canada as well. So really exciting times, I think for that particular product.
Hilton Schlosberg: Chris, I would refer you to the Nielsen numbers. And you'll see that those larger sizes are less than 10%, probably in the 6% to 8% range. But if you look at Nielsen, you'll be able to get a good assessment of that percentage. Secondly, on succession, obviously, the Monster Board is, and Rodney and myself are really concerned about succession. And something that we are addressing, and we continue to address on an ongoing basis. We have a very, in our view, a deep strength in the bench of the team below us that are being developed and are growing and we are helping them develop. So I think from that perspective, it's something that ourselves, the board, are very well aware of. And we'll continue to address that issue. However, I don't think Rodney is going anywhere in the foreseeable future and frankly, neither am I. So we are here and will help develop and segue when the time is right, a new management team.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. So remember that we had a product called Absolutely Zero. And Zero Sugar is really the new variant of Absolutely Zero. So it's a product that was in the market that has been replaced by Zero Sugar. So when you compare the numbers for Zero Sugar, you can see that on an ACV basis, we moved from 42% from Absolutely Zero to 72%, for Zero Sugar. So the distribution of Zero Sugar is increasing, and it's climbing. It's not that it's a new product. We had, as I said, a product called Absolutely Zero. And so when we look at Zero Sugar, we look at our plans, we look at our plans for Ultra, we have been very satisfied so far, with the launch of Zero Sugar. You look at the ACV growth. And the sales per point and it's something that we really as -- and I said this earlier, we really are very excited with Zero Sugar.
Hilton Schlosberg: Mark, we continually are examining options to deal with our cash balances, and it's something that, again, is a board issue that is receiving attention. So, I really don't want to comment, more than we have that -- intention is to hopefully buy back shares continue that program. But we are looking at -- some opportunities for further investments. And that's too premature to talk about them. But there are a number of possibilities that that we're looking at. And in addition, it is our plan to continue buying back our shares.
