Rodney Sacks: Okay. Steve you will see that in this quarter when results that we actually improved promotional allowances in this quarter. So the promotional allowances are reducing. However in the next quarter we're planning and this is really planned, nothing to do with any sales or sales mixes, but we had already planned a BOGO which is a buy one get one ready to get Reign exuviated more intensively than it was in the -- with the launches. Part of the launching plan and you will see that happen in the second quarter. Apart from anything else, we are watching the market. We're watching Red Bull's crossing very carefully. And we'll make adjustments if we think it will have a long-term impact. However, what we see and you'll see that as well is the majority of Red Bull's growth is actually coming from innovation.
Rodney Sacks: I'm not sure I said that. When we promote Monster, we promote the line. But what I did say was that with regard to Reign, you'll see a special promotion in the ensuing quarter which will be due to a previously planned BOGO which is buy one get one to really kickstart the launch of Reign.
Rodney Sacks: During the quarter we will be -- we had some timing differences on our promotions last year in the first quarter where we didn't have the same depth of promotion this year. But going into the second quarter, we will be promoting Monster pretty much in accordance with the normal promotional schedule that we plan for summer.
Rodney Sacks: Net sales. Yes. We don't have the -- we're not going to go into the number in April that's just a -- we give the gross numbers as opposed to breaking that up. And I think Judy to answer the balance of your question I think it's just too early for us to tell exactly what is taking from what. You can see the numbers from Nielsen has been some affected since. Obviously, there is a new entrant and participant in the category. It's taking share from all the products. But ultimately we do believe that Reign will continue to increase itself and establish itself that is the reason why we're actually looking at the first promotion we got with Reign. It hasn't been promoted until now. And so you got to get the first promotion coming through in the second quarter on Reign. And we will continue to pull out. We did get some pretty good distribution initially from the Coke bottlers, but it will continue to hold out as we go into the second quarter.
Rodney Sacks: I think you mentioned this Mark on previous calls, where the determination is made together with the local management about -- in each country thought which SKUs we should launch, which SKUs are appropriate to the consumer needs in that country. And there is a rollout which is dependent on opportunities and you've seen we've done that. I mean, on this call we mentioned a number of countries where we have launched additional SKUs. And we will continue to do so. But one thing we will not do is roll out all our SKUs in all our countries, because that's not a good approach to addressing the market. In China, for example, we already have three SKUs. We have the original Monster. We have Ultra. And we have Mango. So we have three SKUs now in China. And if you look at other countries we success for the -- and success we’ve done that. In EMEA, we've done that and we continuing to do that.
Rodney Sacks: And Mark, to reinforce that earlier comment that certain flavor profiles that do really well overseas and don't do well in the U.S. For example, one of my favorite Monster products is the Ultra Citron. And a decision was taken that we would probably should discontinue it in favor of other Ultra products. And that Ultra Citron has been launched in the bunch of international countries Japan, Korea and a bunch of countries across Europe because of its less sweet profile. So each country will determine -- with obviously with direction from the Senate, the product that best suit the consumer needs in those countries.
Rodney Sacks: I think we've got a whole beverage portfolio. And you're going to take the portfolio as a whole in time. I think that we did mention I think earlier that for timing reasons they were certain promotions that we've done last year that fairly to earlier periods where we had some Nielsen updates that didn't get repeated this year. They are falling into -- probably into the second quarter now. So we – overall, we are comfortable with the brands. There is a sort of change going on in the industry at the moment. There's a change in – obviously, finding shelf space, people are trying some of these new high-performance drinks. We think a lot of that will stop. The noise will stop settling down. We think there will be growth. Overall, we're still -- we're comfortable with our innovation. Ultra Paradise is now got on to shelves and is really doing well. Innovation in coffee. The Swiss coffee is doing well. We have additional innovation planned in the months to line later in the year. And so we are comfortable that overall we will continue to grow.
Rodney Sacks: Well, we've got some information from some of our major convenience retail partners on SKUs – competitive SKUs. And they are trending by and large at a higher percentage than is shown in the Nielsen numbers. But because of the fact that we bought and it's not something that we generally go into and verify as carefully, we don't want to quote them on this call. But we do -- the numbers we are seeing out of the top change is showing a higher comparable number, which is positive for us and I think we just got to be a bit patient and wait for the numbers to start coming through generally. And then we'll start seeing the south point as well as the distribution overall.
Rodney Sacks: On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad. Any particular spend distribution of our product through the Coca-Cola Bottlers system international. We are also particularly excited about new opportunities that we have going forward with a portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world, comprised of our Monster Energy brand together with our strategic brands as well as Hydro, Mutant, Predator and Reign. Thank you very much for your attention and attendance.
Tom Kelly: I think Steve Kristen was -- because of the pricing the increased pricing it will be more access of coming on through this Monster.
Tom Kelly: In most of these countries, we really are -- there isn't a cookie cutter sort of formula. We look at the countries. We obviously try and launch with Monster Green to establish the Monster brand, because that's what it's stands for. But from then on we look at the individual countries. They flavor preferences, and you'll find that our second or third SKU many countries differ from country-to-country. And then depending on the response we get. In some countries, we get really good response to Ultra. We then change the track and basically start to launch more of the Ultra product. And perhaps some years ago, we were launching more of the juice product. And so the order is changed a little bit. Mango has got very well received. Popcorn is being very well received. And so we really elevated those SKUs basically looking in some countries. There are some countries where we are finding directly there is a good reception to our Rehab line. Now Rehab, it may not go into that format. It may go in the form of a tea likers. Rehab has less meaning in foreign countries than it has in the U.S. because of the origin of Rehab. But there is some opportunities for tea lines in some countries and we are looking at that into non-core. And as you've been seen we have taken the step also some testing to look at coffee. In Europe we think that market is -- we're going to expand that market with Espresso. And we're also looking at some other potential coffee products into the UK market. Again looking at shelves and keeping abreast of growth and innovation. In those markets, we do see good opportunities for that. And once we look at that, and again reach the right progression in other countries we will look at other growth opportunities in -- but we're going to follow our policy of looking at it country-by-country as we have launched in the country as the bottle is able to handle it and we feel it's right to continue to grow. That we'll continue to build out over years our portfolio is going to continue to grow, continue to build out internationally. In the U.S., while we've launched, we believe there is -- the energy shelf is pretty impacted at the moment. So we're looking to get new space for this high-performance category incremental. In some cases in order to -- because of timing and because of reset in order to get products on shelf, it has been put onto the energy shelf. But in many cases, we are achieving additional space and we also have -- we believe most of the retailers are agreed that there should be additional space allocated to this high-performance category. It is a profitable category for the retailers. It's a high ring. And so we believe we will see additional space being allocated to energy basically to accommodate the new high-performance products that we believe we will end up with -- overall end up with increased shelf space.
Tom Kelly: The concept that a major product that will see in other countries that we may not even launch in the U.S. or they may launch in, they just -- we discontinued in the U.S.
Tom Kelly: Yes. Amit just remember that our launches took place February the 21st for Hydro. So there's two new flavors in seven 50. For Java the Swiss Chocolate; for Ultra Paradise, last Snapple that is all February the 21st. And in March the 21st, we had Reign and we had Dragon Tea. So the launches took place really towards the end of the quarter. And -- but as I said earlier, we will be monitoring Red Bull and we'll take whatever steps necessary to ensure that the business continues to grow.
