Rodney Sacks: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I am Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and President is on the call as is Tom Kelly, our Executive Vice President of Finance. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: Okay, Andrea, good afternoon. Maybe I should deal with that question. So what we saw in April was a decline in sales, which we indicated. If you look at the Nielsen for all major channels, we on these calls traditionally give the Nielsen for convenience. But if you look at the Nielsen for all major channels that show the decline of 10.2%. Not only do we measure shipments, we also measure depletions. And depletions are the sales that the bottlers and distributors sell to the various retailers.Depletion were largely in line with the Nielsen numbers for all major channels. In fact, they were a little bit better. So I think what you’ve seen and I'm only talking to U.S. and I'll talk about EMEA, which is our next biggest market in a while. So in the U.S., what we saw was, I believe and the numbers appear to verify that there was a reduction in inventories in the bottler network, because shipments declined much faster than depletions and in fact the Nielsen numbers. So that's where we are in the U.S. with our bottler and distributor business.With our direct business, we have some direct business, the clubs, e-commerce, et cetera that business was largely intact. So we didn't see declines in that part of the business. Also, what happened in April is that there was a lot of stock building and pantry loading that seem to culminate in the last week in March. And in April and if you look at April sales week by week, our sales have improved week by week. And that's also true in EMEA, which is our next biggest market. So in EMEA, they didn't see the same degree of stock reduction by the bottles distributors. But what we have seen in the EMEA, as the countries have opened sequentially better performance week on week.For the rest of business, Asia Pacific was up on last year marginally and LATAM -- well, I should say margin was actually it was up to a nice degree over last year and LATAM was in line with last year. So that's the issue from the U.S. and from EMEA, and I hope that answered your question.So regarding the second question and you kind of not -- out one question, but on the second question about e-commerce. We don't disclose those numbers. The numbers are available on stat line. We don't disclose those numbers. The debt market is becoming a very big market for us. And you could see from the indication on the call that our market share with Amazon is growing pretty significantly.
Rodney Sacks: So as we look at the year, particularly with sponsorships and endorsement. Yes, NASCAR has fallen away and we have other sponsorships and endorsements that may not cost the same this year as they did last year, because a number of events have been canceled. So we don't give guidance. But I think as one reflects on the year, we can see a change in pattern in our spending. We've been spending a lot more on social media, which we believe is very important, particularly in this market that we're in. And we'll continue to spend in the markets as we deem appropriate.
Rodney Sacks: I think that that's drilling down to a level that I don't think is appropriate. And I don't think it's something we should be doing, because there are so many variances from state to state and so many factors. I think you've got to look at it on a broader basis across the U.S. and also across the world, because you look at individual countries. And we're really not in a position to have analyse each and every country and giving you percentage up or the percentage back to normal. I think it's just more anecdotal of a trend that we are seeing, and it's starting to open. And we just say, we feel that when you look at the weekly numbers, Hilton referred to earlier, you can see that there seems to be a trend that those numbers are improving on a weekly basis.
Rodney Sacks: Well, I think it's difficult to comment on Coca Cola, because we've always maintained a good relationship with the Coca-Cola company even during the arbitration proceedings that we had. We know that transitions generally are very disruptive. We've been through a number and we know how disruptive they can be. So that's we believe in a short term is an opportunity for us. In the long term, it's difficult to comment, because Pepsi Cola has never really had success in the energy category historically, although, they now have brands that are a lot more powerful than they had before.Rockstar has declined 50% since the market share, since the distribution agreement began in 2009. So it's really difficult to say. I think that the short term will be disruptive and we've got plans, both for the short term and for the long term. And I think it will be inappropriate for us to disclose what those plans are. But rest assured we do have plans and we believe we've got very strong brands and that we’ve got good marketing prowess and that that advantage will prevail in the long term.
Rodney Sacks: Yes, I’d just like to add that a lot of these things are not new. They have endeavour to play in that space through Kickstart and in the Mountain Dew range, and -- as an extension. And so there will be a little bit of a divergence, tweak to that. They have already been building on what Hilton said, they've been distributing Rockstar for the last 10 years. So at the end of the day, I don't think there's going to be much change. But again, we can't speculate to whatever they will put behind and for how long. But we do think that the Rockstar brand has some challenges, and we think that we're in a strong position to address that. And to address the the Bang position, I think that you've seen the market shares of Bang over the past 12 months. And we think we're in a good position to continue to compete with them, regardless of the distribution system change. There are benefits but there are also some negatives in that that come with that change.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I would like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy, and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company, both at home and abroad and in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally.We believe that we will be able to navigate through the challenges ahead as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. And hope that this unfortunate situation will resolve itself in the not too distant future. We believe that we are well positioned in the energy drink category and continue to be optimistic about our total portfolio of energy drink brands. We hope that you will stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
