Rodney Cyril Sacks: Sorry, PET bottles in Austria and Monster Mango Loco in Germany. Sorry, thank you. In Australia, in the third quarter of 2018, we launched Monster Mango Loco and are in the process of launching Monster Pipeline Punch with a major convenience and gas retailer in Australia with a national launch planned for the first quarter of 2019. In October 2018, we launched both Monster Mango Loco and Monster Pipeline Punch in New Zealand. During the quarter, and in line with our agreement with The Coca-Cola Company, we transitioned the Lift Plus strategic brand in New Zealand to LIVE+ with three SKUs and new graphics. In the third quarter of 2018, we launched Monster Ultra Citron in South Korea and Monster Ultra in Taiwan and Hong Kong. We've implemented an approximately 4% price increase to our U.S. customers, effective November 1 for Monster Energy. We will implement a price increase for NOS and Full Throttle on January 1, 2019. We're planning a price increase to our Canadian customers, effective February 1, 2019, for Monster Energy, NOS and Full Throttle. We estimate that October 2018 gross sales to be approximately 18% higher than in October 2017. Gross sales for the month ended October 2018 were impacted by advance purchases by our customers due to the price increase, effective November 1, 2018, on certain Monster Energy drinks. We estimate that October 2018 gross sales would've been approximately 12% higher than in October 2017 without these advance purchases. On a foreign currency adjusted basis, October 2018 gross sales would've been approximately 14% higher than the comparable October 2017 gross sales. In this regard, we caution again that sales over a short period are often disproportionately impacted by various factors such as, for example, selling days, days of the week in which holidays fall, timing of new product launches and the timing of price increases and promotions in retail stores, distributor incentives, as well as shifts in the timing of production – in some instances where our bottlers are responsible for production and unilaterally determine their production schedules which affects the days on which we invoice such bottlers, as well as inventory levels maintained by our distribution partners, which they alter unilaterally for their own business reasons. We reiterate that sales over a short period, such as a single month or even two months, should not necessarily be imputed to or regarded as indicative of results for a full quarter or any other future period. No shares of common stock were repurchased by the company during the 2018 third quarter. However, we do have outstanding board authorizations of approximately $696.7 million for the repurchase of our common stock. In conclusion, I'd like to summarize some recent positive points. The company continues to gain market share in the U.S. and many countries. Retail sales statistics from many countries around the world demonstrate that the energy category is continuing to grow and that Monster is generally growing ahead of the category, in line with earlier periods. The new additions to the Monster family continue to add to the company's sales. We're excited about the prospects for our brands and our new product launches. We are pleased with our performance in our international markets and reiterate the growth potential for us in China and India. We are continuing to launch Monster Energy Drinks with Coca-Cola bottlers in certain markets. I would like to open the floor to questions about the quarter. Thank you.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: I think that we have some information, but we don't have full information. And I think that now that an arbitration has been filed between us to try and determine our respective rights, we just believe that it isn't appropriate for us to provide additional comments at this time. Our commercial business activities and relationship is continuing as in the past, and we are looking to just get a third-party determination for the correct interpretation of our respective rights.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Okay. On the relationship with Coke, I think our relationship is good and continues to be good. There is Coke, obviously, looking at their own portfolio and looking for where they believe they see opportunities and where their own BUs would look to expand their own portfolio. As we indicated in the call, there is an exception for certain products that are in the Coca-Cola brand and that is of itself an area that we are looking at. We have a difference of opinion on it. We don't know and at this point we don't think it's appropriate for us to speculate on if that comes to fruition, what effect that might or might not have on our brand. I mean, we continue to be partners with Coca-Cola and with the bottlers. We continue to have our full range sold by them. And we just don't think that at this point we'd be in a position or should be in a position to speculate on what effect that might happen. There will just be another product being sold by Coca-Cola bottlers, but the impact and effect on us would be something I think wouldn't be appropriate for us to deal with that. We don't believe it will have a majority impact on our relationship. We just believe we'll have to manage it in an appropriate way if and when it occurs. On the EMEA supply chain side, I think...
Rodney Cyril Sacks: If I'm looking at the general market, Monster is continuing to increase its share. The category is growing and Monster is growing in excess of the market. If I look at regular Monster as such, I'm just looking, for example, at the main channel, which is convenience, there is still some growth in Monster in the original core line in its 16-ounce. And then, obviously, we have additional SKUs with the original Green Monster. So the core brand is continuing to grow. There has been the entry into the market of additional products, primarily probably in what we would maybe call or describe as a performance energy category or a workout fitness energy category or not even really maybe in that category. And there is some sales on that. There are a number of reasons that those products are all sort of starting to gain some traction. But if I look at the sales levels, they are still behind the increase in sales. So I think, overall, we are getting additional products in the category, but the category itself is continuing to grow.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yes. In that side, obviously on the coffee side, we are continuing to see growth in Java. We've just launched a line extension in Java. We have the Caffé Monster line and Espresso Monster again, that has continued to grow. On the Ultra line, which is growing, we do have plans to launch an additional Ultra in the spring, which will be launched, which is Ultra Paradise. So we are all continuing to see growth in the category. And we see additional entrants probably to some extent. We are not sure of the exact measurement at this point in time, but do see some increase in incremental sales coming into the category from these new entrants.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Mark, there isn't a limitation on them just adding caffeine. They could have a higher caffeine product, there's no limitation on that. There is, if you look at the agreement, which is filed, there are certain ingredients that are, if used in combination, obviously then create a definition. And there is a definition of what an energy drink is. The exception goes back to the Coca-Cola brand, not Sprite, not Kickstart, not any other brand, it's the Coca-Cola brand. And there are certain exceptions about what – because the Coke brand has certain – otherwise there would be certain limitations. And there is an exception for that brand. But I think that it's a long explanation. There are different analyses of what that means and what that entitles Coke to do under that brand. Again, if it was just a question of adding vitamins, well, then Coke would obviously add vitamins. There isn't an issue with that. But where the brand transcends into a product that we see positioned as an energy drink, that's where we have a difference of view on the exception and under the Coke brand. That is really where we are. I think there is not much more we could really add or more color we could give at this point in time. There is a section in the agreement that you guys could look up if you really had that interest. But we are dealing with it with Coke. And we think we will come to a resolution reasonably quickly as to what that exception means and how it should be implemented.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Yeah. At this point, we haven't sort of envisaged price increases in other places around the world, but I think that is something we will be evaluating and looking at the markets, the elasticity where we – if we can justify pricing. We'll evaluate that going early in the new year.
Rodney Cyril Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of the company, we'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest. We continue to believe in the company and our strategy, and remain committed to continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad and in particular to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We also particularly excited by the new opportunities we have going forward with a portfolio of energy drink products throughout the world, comprised of our Monster Energy brand together with our Strategic Brands, as well as Hydro, Mutant and, in particular, Predator. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: The relationship with The Coca-Cola Company, I believe, is good. And I'm not a lawyer, so I'm giving the response to you from a business perspective. There is an issue in an agreement, which we've agreed to go to arbitration civilly and determine what course of action is appropriate. So nothing has changed in the relationship. And the manner in which this situation will be dealt with will be conducted from both parties on a civil basis according to the agreement. So I honestly don't see any changes in the relationship with The Coca-Cola Company.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: No, I think that we've had issues. Remember, it was a very hot summer in Europe and a lot of the plants were working to capacity and beyond capacity. We've had certain issues, which are being addressed and will be addressed going forward. And the one thing is clear is that our business is growing, which is a good thing. And we have to ensure that we have sufficient capacity and sufficient plants to be able to accommodate our needs.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: So we're still seeing growth, Vivien, in Monster Green. It's continuing to grow. And remember, we've added a number of other SKUs into the portfolio on both juice products and the Ultra range, which is the no-sugar product. So while we are seeing growth in Monster Green, there has been as well the proliferation of other SKUs within our portfolio.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: And just to add on that, Mark, what I said earlier, the discussions are very civil and very business-like, very civil. And it's a question of difference of opinion, which will be resolved in per the agreement.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: Well, what's interesting looking at aluminum and the tariffs and the imposition of tariffs were announced way after we had our discussion on this call about gross margins. So we've had this increase in tariff, which has resulted in increase of aluminum, which is slowly coming off, right? It's a very slow process. So we've also had extreme increases in freight-in in costs that we account for cost of sales, where product is moved to our co-packers or moved to our warehouses. That's all included in cost of sales. So we have had significant cost increases in that regard as well. So we have these cost increases. I think that the quarter that we've just experienced, I'm not seeing further increases in aluminum and I'm not seeing further increases in freight either, but anything is possible. Having said that, we will have price increase from November 1. And the other thing for sure is we will continue to have this ASC 606 adjustment, which we didn't have when we first spoke about the gross margin issue earlier this year. So it's kind of a mixed bag, with increases and cost increases, which is exactly why we were forced into having a price increase. So – but I hope that answers your question.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: Well, we've announced a price increase in NOS and Full Throttle, which we spoke about on the call. We are proposing a price increase in Canada, which we discussed on the call. And where we are now with regard to price increases, I'm not sure we will – having implementing a price increase in November 1, I'm not sure there is runway to do it again within a short period of time unless costs dramatically and significantly increase from where they are today.
Hilton Hiller Schlosberg: See, in the United States, we really are now the market leader. In the various countries around the world, we really price ourselves after Red Bull in most cases. And we don't want the difference between our pricing and Red Bull's pricing to be significantly out of whack.
