Rodney Sacks: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. Tom Kelly will now read our cautionary statement.
Rodney Sacks: The only thing I would add is that we're seeing still a little bit of the effects of COVID in places like China and Japan, wher --
Rodney Sacks: A little bit of the volume there. But again, we think that's more COVID-related and that eventually is going to work its way through and then we think things will start to improve again there.
Rodney Sacks: I would perhaps add on that is that, I mean, we all know that the inflation is continuing. I mean, you saw the increase in interest rates today again. So inflation, both in the U.S. and in Europe, is high. And if we continue to see inflation at those rates, I mean, we will review our margins. We'll review pricing, as I'm sure all other consumer product companies have done and will continue to do. And so we will review whether -- going into next year, whether they, in fact, pricing needs is justified in looking at an increase at that time in order to keep our margins reasonable. If we need to do that, we will review it. So just to let you know, we're open to it. But at this stage, we have the current increase, and we'll see how things go. But I think the whole world is going through -- is going to continue for some time to face a lot of inflation. And so whatever we say will be reviewed on a timely basis once we see where we are at, at the beginning of the year.
Rodney Sacks: Yes. I'll sort of start that one. I think that the CELSIUS transition is -- will be interesting. But it's not all a panacea. It doesn't -- there's no magic in it. We think that they will then find increased distribution and increased number of outlets. I think that the discipline that a system like Pepsi will clearly introduce will also be a little bit negative on the flexibility and that they've been able to achieve or being able to enjoy through the beer distribution network. So you get pluses and minuses. And as you can see from the numbers, their strength continues to be in the grocery and large-format store channel. When you look at their numbers and sales per point in the convenience channel, there -- it's not as high. So I don't -- we don't believe that's going to have a major difference. There are a number of other brands that are all sort of getting some traction at a smaller level. I don't know what effect they're going to have. But overall, I think that we're getting a lot of our traction from the innovation and from execution and focus. And I think that will continue.
Rodney Sacks: I think the other point that what's happening now is you've got this emergence of quite a few new brands who are getting distribution through the beer distribution network taking the place of where CELSIUS is and they're getting it. So we've got quite a few brands now putting pressure on the retailers to give additional space. There isn't additional space in the existing energy door. And what we've been trying for a few years is to obviously try and see where our own performance energy and other sort of allied energy brands are able to create a second door, additional shelving separate. And I think that is going to continue. I think that this emergence of a lot of new products in the convenience category, in particular, will result in an expansion of space where -- so hopefully, we believe we will be able to get additional space in the traditional draw for our innovation and our energy product and as well as space for our additional brands and our performance products like Rain and Rainstorm together with a lot of the other performance or clean energy products in additional doors. So we think that will actually happen and will improve this year. But that's always the challenge. You've always got to try and -- you got a certain amount of fixed shelves and you've got to try and increase your space.
Rodney Sacks: Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continue to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company, both at home and abroad, and in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottling system internationally. We believe that we are well positioned in the beverage industry and continue to be optimistic about the future of our company. We hope that you remain safe and healthy. Thank you very much for your attendance.
Hilton Schlosberg: So Alexander (sic) [Andrea] as we look at where we are on the weekly volume trends, we're really not concerned because the trends that we look at are the Nielsen trends and the depletions. So far, volumes seem to be holding up, and we're satisfied with the performance of the price increase. And as you also know, we reduced our promotions as we went through 2022. So at this time, we are continuing to evaluate performance. It looks as if the price increase is, in fact, sticking. I'm looking at numbers. I'm looking at it on my screen now, the total industry and the various participants in the industry, volumes seem to be holding up. So I think that's the only comment that I'd like to make at this time.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. So Dara, I think as we look at the category internationally, EMEA really still looks pretty strong. Remember, at the end of the day, we're sending an affordable luxury. So EMEA, and there are lots of concerns in costs in EMEA, gas prices and not necessarily petrol prices, but energy costs are ramping up significantly in EMEA. We've seen lots of other costs hitting us. But at the end of the day, the consumer still seems to be spending, not at the rates they were spending in 2021, but they still seem to be spending on our products anyway. So we've seen growth in EMEA. As I look at other parts of the world, Japan had an issue with an ingredient that Rodney spoke about in his narrative. And the rest of EMEA -- the rest of Asia Pacific, I'm sorry, seems also to be -- to continuing with growth, although not at the same rate as 2021. And we're monitoring the situation. But right now, volumes still seem to be healthy.
Hilton Schlosberg: Okay. So that was quite a long question, Bonnie. Let's start at the very beginning. You spoke about these more expensive imported cans that we have in the system that we brought in to satisfy demand. If you look at cost of sales in the quarter, what we talk about is not a significant number, but will be worked through as we work through normal inventory, and we're anticipating it will be worked through over probably the next, I would say, 3 quarters. So that is something that we will work through in the ordinary course. The cans of many of green and white that we sell in the ordinary course. We sold them every day. And the comment on this quarter was that we had a major promotion with Apex Legends and its city to produce promotional cans overseas because you don't know when they'll arrive, if they'll arrive on time, if they arrive late. So we stick to our core SKUs for our international cans. So -- and you're right, we have had a price increase, and in the U.S., and we've had price increases internationally, we're having more price increases in 2023, as we enunciated on the discussion earlier. So prices are going up and prices going up in response to the inflationary costs that we've seen. As you know, inflation is rampant. But on the other hand, there are some good things that are coming out. We've seen freight rates coming down. There was a lot of capital expenditure put into new equipment and containers. So we've seen freight rates coming down. Fuel is where fuel is. It's very difficult to say what's going to happen with gas prices and diesel and fuel. Aluminum is coming down, but aluminum is one of those elusive commodities in our business because we -- part of our aluminum is hedged, part is bought on n minus 1. So you don't see a perfect improvement in aluminum prices when you look at a specific quarter. So there's -- we're seeing increases in commodities. We're seeing horrific increases in energy costs in Europe. And there's a bunch of costs that are continuing to compromise progress. But all in all, we believe that the price increases that we are putting into place should be able to be tolerated by the consumer and help mitigate some of the increased costs we've seen.
Hilton Schlosberg: And the other comment -- sorry, I just wanted to respond to another comment that Bonnie made about buying. So we restricted customers, obviously, the distributors in buying in. We didn't give them cut launch. They were allowed to buy a modest amount. And as we look at the numbers for the quarter, we believe that the -- that whatever was purchased was probably sold in the quarter. That's the numbers we've seen.
Hilton Schlosberg: So let me go back to Kevin's question on Red Bull. Kevin, obviously, we can't comment on what they do and what they don't do. But our understanding is they imposed a price increase. And what we're seeing anecdotally is we're not seeing that price increase reflected in many cases at retail, to the extent that the increase was supposed to have have gone up. We, on the other hand, we've seen our prices move up strongly at retail.
Hilton Schlosberg: So let me start off, Mark. Our sales team has an objective because this is the time where we do shelf plans and shelf negotiations. And our sales team, both on the convenience side and on the large store side, are very active in achieving additional shelf space for our brands because we do feel that they are under spaced, and they do deserve further space relative to what's happening in the market. For example, in convenience, we sell more than single-serve sparkling beverages. So as a category, the energy category really requires more space relative to their fair share. And as such, our brand, which is growing, and we mentioned that we've overtaken Red Bull as a company with all -- the various brands and makeup. The company, our mission is to increase our shelf space at retail. I think we have to.
Hilton Schlosberg: Yes. But remember, the category is growing here, Mark. And that in and of itself, that's a factor for the retailer. The space that they allocate to energy generates them really good returns, really good revenue. And it's something -- space is something that we always strive for, including putting our own coolers in retailers. So that's a big push for us, and always has been.
Hilton Schlosberg: The difficulty, Peter, is that we don't give guidance. So it's hard to give guidance because we don't give it. But let me just leave you with a thought when you talk about gross margins that the price increase was effective September 1. So we basically had 1 month of a price increase. We will have 3 months of a price increase in December. While we may have additional costs, we will still have that benefit of the price increase for the fourth quarter.
