Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Shaun. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO; and Kelly Kramer, our CFO.  By now, you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call.  Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and we will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders, unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be made on a year-over-year basis, unless stated otherwise.  The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. With that, I will now turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Great. Thanks, Chuck. Shaun, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions].
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Chuck and I'll go ahead and close it up here. Cisco's next quarterly earnings conference call which will reflect our fiscal 2017 fourth quarter and annual results, will be on Wednesday, August 16, 2017, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call. If you have any further questions, feel free to contact the Investor Relations Department here. And we thank you very much for joining today's call.
A - Kelly Kramer: Sure. So Mark, when we look at guidance, it's a combination of many factors, right? It starts with our backlog and then orders on them, the funnel. And then yes, definitely, we take into account our transition to more software and subscriptions and how that's impacting it. So when I look at the guidance we just gave, our orders were a little weaker in Q3 which does mean that I'm starting with the lower backlog than anticipated. And then when I'm assuming, when I look at the order strength, we're assuming what we saw in Q3 continues on in Q4. So just to give some color around that. Where we had -- we have been facing headwinds all quarter long with SP and emerging. We saw them get worse this quarter that you saw in the numbers there. I'm expecting that to continue. And then we saw some new kind of macro issues in the areas like Public Sector and the U.S. Fed space and things like that. So I'm assuming that orders in line that we saw in Q3 is going to continue on in Q4. And then finally, we're seeing an impact because you're seeing it go to the balance sheet of this transition that we're just accelerating through to the tune of 1.5 to 2 points. So the combination of those 3 things are driving the guidance into that minus-4 to minus-6 range.
A - Kelly Kramer: So Ittai, when we look at the drivers of our growth margin, price in Q3 actually has been in the same range that it was pretty much last year as well as last quarter in terms of the price index that we're seeing. So that's in the same range. Again, it's high, but it's in the range. It's not increasing. I would say in terms of the guidance for Q4, we're assuming that. We're also making sure the teams are being very aggressive where they need to be aggressive in areas and then against competitors where we need to be. But overall, the pricing hasn't changed dramatically besides the normal erosion that we see in churned business lines. I'd say, in terms of mix, that hasn't dramatically changed as well, with switching being positive this quarter, that helped a lot. And again, well, the mix isn't changing. There's mix changes with MBEs in the guidance going forward but it's nothing dramatic. So I'd say we feel good about being able to continue driving the margins that we have. The only other piece I'll comment on, because we mentioned it before, we're still seeing some cost pressure from the increase in DRAM pricing that was got baked in both our Q3 as well as into Q4. But we've been doing a lot of work and our supply chain team has done working with our suppliers to make sure we can secure our forward supply at prices that we can plan on. So I think we've pretty much got that boxed in for the guidance.
A - Kelly Kramer: Yes. No, I'd say, I think you hit on it. I think with the Americas being down so much, it was a combination of Mexico. Again, these are big customers and that was down. Chuck already mentioned Mexico was down 49%. It was a huge chunk of that was in the SP. And then in the U.S., the service providers, that was modestly down, not dramatic at all. Again and that is, again, we had a lot of customers that were up and a lot that were down, so balanced overall.
A - Kelly Kramer: Yes, I mean, I do think that the models that we've looked at, tried and true over the years, where we could look at normal sequential from Q3 and Q4, I think those models are changing because we're accelerating what is -- we're putting more on the balance sheet than what is amortizing off. While we're part of our revenue guide takes into account the growth of what's coming from our recurring offers, we're still adding so much more because we're adding more and more offers every day. So I do think it is changing a bit. I think we'll talk about this a bit more when we get to our Analyst conference in June as well. But we'll give you clarity of how we can continue to model that. We certainly saw the big chunk of our business that's driven by the core orders in the book and ship, because we still have a lot of our business that we haven't transitioned yet, but as we drive more and more of that, I do think it's going to have to change how we've modeled in the past as an analyst, right? And we'll give you the clarity to help that.
A - Kelly Kramer: Yes, I mean, again, Steve, that we -- because so much of our core business is still very much related to the orders that we have yet to book, our backlog accounts were less than 1/3. And so much of our quarter comes from the order yet to come. We don't give guidance by business unit. But directionally, I think you're thinking about it the right way, right? I mean, I think last quarter, we tried to guide, when we were talking about Routing. We knew we had strong orders a quarter ago in Routing which is why it wasn't as bad as it had been in the quarter before this quarter on revenue. So again, it takes into account all of that. I do think, as you know, our Switching business is very fluid, so I don't think you should assume that, that is going to continue to be -- that goes up and down, so I don't think you should draw a trend having that being positive this quarter. So I think it's very fluid within business units.
A - Kelly Kramer: Sure. I'll hit the first one. So yes, if I break out the 31%, so the way to think about it, Rod, is basically, 90% of my services revenue is recurring, okay? So of the 31%, 75% of that dollar amount, so the $3.6 billion -- over $3.6 billion, 75% of that comes from the Services business. On the product side, 10% of my product revenue is now coming from recurring, so that's over $900 million. So 25% of that over $3.6 billion. And so again, I think that Services has continued to be in that 90% range. And again, what we're really trying to drive is more and more of those offers on the product side.
A - Kelly Kramer: Yes. Yes, so I have been saying it's in the 1 to 2 range. It is definitely pushing closer to the 2% range at this point. I mean, I think, it's clearly driven. We share with you the balance and that's accelerating and I certainly look at the short term portion of that and try to quarterize that together with it. But it's definitely -- it's pointing to the 2% more than the 1%. And Paul, I'll get back to you on that -- if there's any difference between Americas and Europe on that.
A - Kelly Kramer: Yes, on the slowdown, so Tal, we're actually not slowing down. The reason it looks like it's slowing down is for the Services piece, we do have the extra week compare. So if you adjust for that, it's up double digits in total. And if I look at just product, the growth of product which I said is over $900 million, that's growing 34% year-over-year and it was 30% last quarter. So that continues to grow faster.
A - Charles Robbins: Yes, just -- Mark, a couple of comments on what Kelly just described. I mean, the Public Sector business, particularly in the United States, the federal business is, frankly, it's about 1 point of that guide. It's a pretty significant stall right now with the lack of budget visibility. And when you think about the strategy that we're deploying, the 57% growth in the software and subscription business, if you just go back 8 quarters ago, we had $2 billion on our balance sheet relative to software and subscription. And the first 2 or 3 quarters, we were convincing the teams that, that was the shift we were going to make. And now we have more than doubled that to $4.4 billion and the growth there is accelerating. So we're very pleased with that transition. And at the same time we deal with all of these challenges, we're also, -- we remain very committed to earnings. We remain very committed to our capital return strategy.
A - Charles Robbins: Thanks, Ittai. So Kelly, let's have the same strategy. You want to go through the math on this and then...
A - Charles Robbins: Just quickly on the securities, since you snuck that one in, too, James. The -- what our customers -- what we see happening in security right now is that as our customers prepare for the next few years and literally adding billions of new connections, we obviously believe that the network is going to become even more relevant than it ever has been. And our customers are going to need -- to deal with that scale, they're going to need significant automation. They're going to need greater insights coming out of their technology infrastructure like the network through analytics. They're going to need security embedded at the network layer because you're going to have to begin to secure the infrastructure the minute these packets hit the wire. So what they're looking for is -- they are looking for an end-to-end architecture now for dealing with security. They're looking for an open architecture that actually allows them to buy the best-of-breed technology which we have across many elements of what they're trying to do. But they are looking for an architecture and they're looking for -- to leverage as much of that from the cloud and which correspondingly turns into the subscription business, as you pointed out. So that's what we see happening there. There's obviously lots of other areas within that architecture that we don't play today where we could and we continue to assess all of those opportunities.
A - Charles Robbins: So let me comment on the first one and then, Kelly, maybe you can talk about the cloud business and how we -- I'll talk about both of them but then how we measure that specifically. So the weakness in emerging and SP, I would say, in emerging, I would say it's less. We clearly -- we've been -- we've had competition from several vendors. And clearly, Huawei is a very strong competitor. I don't feel like it has increased significantly in the emerging countries. It's been pretty consistent there and our teams know how to compete and we continue to evolve our strategy and bring different tools to help them compete. So I don't -- I wouldn't say that had much to do with it. I think on our overarching cloud business, Simona, we look at that in many, many different ways. So we look at, obviously, our private cloud business which is made up of the UCS business as well as our data center switching portfolio which we talked about earlier. Both of those, the UCS business was down 5, as you saw. And then the -- obviously, our next-generation switching portfolio continues to do well, the ACI elements up 42%. And if you're asking about the MSDC guys which are the web scale cloud guys, it's the same as we were last quarter. These -- we have -- we're engaging with them on an individual basis. We look at the big ones as, frankly, markets of one. We have made great progress with a few of them. Others we're in the early stages and we have codevelopment opportunities. But I would tell you, we're in very deep discussions with most all of them and we're looking at very strategic partnerships that scale beyond even just selling infrastructure to them in many cases. So I'm not sure where you're going with cloud. Hopefully one of those answers cover what you're looking for.
A - Charles Robbins: Yes, Kulbinder, I think that -- when we look to the future right now and you really think about the number of new connections that are going to be added, that our customers will be adding over the coming years and the need for automation, the need for analytics and security, what we have done and it'll be done -- our solutions that we'll bringing in the space with a combination, to your point, of inorganic capabilities, as we have shown our ability to do, as well as some organic innovation. I've talked to several of you over the last few quarters about the fact that we went in and reallocated a fair amount of our R&D expense last year and over last 18 months.  And many of those solutions are targeting these next-generation networks that our customers are going to need to build out to support this new infrastructure. And with a high degree of automation across the network, with a high degree of analytics, with distributed compute capabilities for processing the data at the Edge as well as the security piece. So we have future innovation that will come in that space. We'll also use a combination of inorganic options where we need it. And we believe that as we get into the next generation of the networks that the customers need to build out, that we will be very successful with our capabilities.
A - Charles Robbins: Let me just give you a couple of comments and then Kelly can give us any specifics. As I said 2 quarters back, I think, when we had the negative 10% growth or 12% or whatever it was, 12%, I think.
A - Charles Robbins: Yes and Rod, this is Chuck. Like 6 quarters ago, the product number, I think, was 6%, so we have made progress and we'll continue to, as we see the amount of business that we're putting on the balance sheet is accelerating. On your second question, we absolutely continue to see the projects like Metro Optical moving forward. We've actually continued to do well in some of the next-generation areas that we're working with many of the U.S. service providers. So we see that going well and we do believe that as they make some of these transitions, we're going to be right in the middle of them with them.
A - Charles Robbins: Thanks, Vijay. Yes, it's -- your point is actually quite accurate that we look at how we use it -- both of those as tools across our entire portfolio. And I would tell you that there are initiatives underway and there are active solutions already in the marketplace that have elements of that. In our security portfolio, there are absolutely elements of the that, that are in our collaboration portfolio already. We see lots of opportunities when you start talking about automation and analytics and things like network assurance, capabilities or in service provider, self-healing networks. So we see the opportunity across everything we do and we have initiatives both already working with customers as well as a lot of work going on inside the business units to leverage AI machine learning and other technologies going forward.
A - Charles Robbins: Yes, Tal, thanks for the question. So even in our current deferred revenue from Software and Subscription, there are elements of our core portfolio that are included in that $4.4 billion that you saw primarily through our Cisco ONE offerings that we put together. Probably 18 months ago, we started that journey and we got those offers and they began to ramp. But we also are looking -- obviously, security is ramping. Collaboration has been the one probably the longest in this model. But we do believe that across the portfolio, with future offers, we have the opportunity to do that and you'll see that as we deliver on some of the new capabilities. Kelly, any commentary on the...
