Scott Herren: Yeah, that's a great question, Samik. Thanks for that. It really is one of the benefits of the transformation we're making. As we move to more and more software and services and a recurring revenue base, we have greater visibility.  One of the stats that we just talked about is our remaining performance obligations of 30.9 billion of which 53% that will turn into revenue in the next 12 months. We also have a good feel for what other renewals are going to come up and what our renewal rate is as we work our way through this.  So, we have a pretty good sense of a big chunk of our revenue and how it's going to grow. We also have a good view of pipeline and what that looks like ahead, and one of the things that I would say about that pipeline is it's one of the -- we've seen year-over-year growth in the pipeline for Q1 better than we've ever seen in the last several years.  So, we see good growth in the pipeline as well. So, it's when you add all that up, that's what gives us the confidence to give a full-year guide. What I would say is that -- to your question about supply chain and what's the assumption on supply chain, the way to think about that as that's the difference between the high-end and the low-end of the guide. We expect the supply chain to impact us through the first half of the year.  And then at the low-end of the guide, we think we continue to have supply-chain impacts through most of the second half as well, with some clear up at the end. At the high-end of the guide, we think that we've begun to clear up the supply chain issues, supply and demand come back more into balance earlier in the second half. That's why we gave the full-year guide. I think -- certainly, we have the confidence with the visibility we have, and what's baked into that based on some of the uncertainty. It's still out there with the supply chain.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Thanks, Meta, for that. When you look at the Q4 gross margin, obviously it came in better than what we had expected and what we had guided to, and there was a really favorable product mix built into that, some of that being driven by a good quarter for software as you heard on the call earlier.  Looking ahead, we've taken several steps to ensure that we can continue to have supply and deliver products to our customers. They are in the midst of their own transformations, they're all in the midst of doing the things they have to do to adapt to a world that's not only a hybrid work world but one, with the rise of the delta variant, that -- it's added
Scott Herren: complexity. It's not a, "Hey, the world's going to go back to normal at some point." It's, "I need to continue to have this flexibility ahead." We're trying to support that and at the same time, there are supply and demand imbalances and some of the key components around semiconductors and memory and some of the same things you hear from others of our peers.  That turns into higher component costs as we buy from those suppliers. We're also to ensure even greater supply going to brokers to get additional supply from versus what we can get directly from our suppliers. And in some cases, qualifying second sources where we have to. Each of those, obviously, drives costs and it takes a while for those costs -- We've been in that process through Q4, and we'll be in it through Q1.  It takes a while for those costs to flow through our standard costing system and show up in the cost of goods sold. There's a little bit of unfavorable product mix headwind as well in Q1 as we have a good sense of the products that don't have those same impacts that we will be able to ship, that are sitting in backlog, so that's what's driving that sequential change.  As you know, we did put in place a price increase; very selective, very targeted, only on the products where we were seeing the higher component costs. That went into effect August 7th, but we always honor quotes that are out there for 30 days, beyond that price because it goes -- maybe those quotes were produced before the price increase was put in.  So, scroll 30 days ahead from August 7th before the first orders come in with those higher prices, and then it takes a while for those orders to come in, get built, and shipped back out to customers and for us to realize the benefit of that on the top line. Think of those price increases as being something that we'll feel more of the benefit of in Q2 and Q3 versus what we see in Q1.
Scott Herren: Yes. Paul, it really is gross margin driven. And there's still -- there continues to be uncertainty on when the supply and demand get back into balance on many of those components. That's why you see the range that we put out there at 5% to 7%, and that ripples through to the bottom line as well.  I think that the only other comment I'd add on that front, I don't want to get into parsing it down to the various elements, at least at this point, but there's still uncertainty, and given that uncertainty, and this being the first time we've given you annual guide, it's prudent. We're trying to be prudent with the guide we've put out there as well.
Scott Herren: Yeah. I'll start, and Chuck, you may want to add to this. The way that you see the guidance laid out, 5% to 7% growth on the top line and 5% to 7% growth on the bottom line, we are looking at balanced, profitable growth, and I think that's the way you should expect us to run the business going forward, is balanced profitable growth.  5% to 7% on both the top and bottom line is a pretty strong performance, certainly relative to where we've been over the last few years. And so again, I don't want to get into -- Paul, I know what you're poking at. I really don't want to get into parsing down the elements of that, but the core principle is balanced profitable growth.
Scott Herren: That is our expectation, Paul. Over time, I mean, again, I don't want to predict that for this fiscal year, just given some of the uncertainties in the supply chain, but it is our expectation that it gets back there and over the longer term as we continue to build a bigger mix of software into our revenue stream, that should also provide a bit of a tailwind to our margins.
Scott Herren: Yeah, I think that's right. I think, Rod, the other way that I would ask you to think about the price increases we just announced on August 7th, those are really -- they're not motivated by driving top line as much as they're motivated by offsetting some of the cost increases, we're seeing.  Now, there's a lag effect, right? It's going to take time before we see those prices show up actually in our revenue stream, but they are really motivated by that. And so, we'll continue to assess as we always do, if we need to make another price adjustment, up or down. We'll continue to make those assessments going forward.  Don't think about them as being motivated, though, by top-line drivers. It's really motivated by offsetting some of the higher costs that we're seeing. But the other thing I would just close on this one is that we have a price increase methodology that we deploy on a regular basis for different portfolios. We just don't talk about it on our earnings calls every time, but this is a muscle we have that we actually use on a fairly regular basis when the conditions warrant it.
Scott Herren: Sure. I'll start on the second part of that and then I'll let Chuck weigh in on the order growth. Clearly, as we locked in some of that -- some of the work that we did on supply and particularly going after components that are particularly at an imbalance between supply and demand, we locked in both. We looked at both for costs that would come in for that and what the committed delivery schedule was on those.  We have a good sense of that for a subset of our components. There's still going to be fluctuation in some areas, memory is a good example, there's going to continue to be fluctuation in pricing and we'll continue to monitor that.  You saw us -- you've seen us in the past, make price adjustments based on memory cost increases, and I would expect that to be kind of an ongoing process there. But for the ones that we locked in, which were the -- I think the ones that are -- that had the greatest imbalance and the highest demand, both for us and for our competitors, we locked in both from that standpoint.
Scott Herren: So, Fahad, as I was saying earlier, what we've looked at is, we've compared a lot of the -- our pipeline pulls ahead activity, we've looked at our future pipeline, we looked at order cancellation rates, and we just don't see anything.  So based on what we know now, we certainly think customers are placing orders further in advance because of lead times, which is just logical, but that's basically -- when you see the order growth, we saw in Q4 and then you see the forecast pipeline that we see going forward, it would suggest that there's still a fair amount of demand out there.  Fahad, we're staying on top of that as much as possible as you can imagine, and Chuck talked earlier about some of the data points we're looking at to try to get a feel for it. Order cancellations would be one indication of double ordering from us and another party.  Order cancellation rates have actually come down modestly. Return rates, looking at the pipeline and the pipeline growth, we're not seeing it at any material level. I think the other thing, the other data point we gave is the growth of commercial.  So, if you look at the orders, the overall order growth, Commercial is up 41%. And I think where you might expect to see some of what you're talking about is actually in the Enterprise segment or EPS. We saw significant growth in Commercials and I don't think you'd expect to see as much of that kind of a double ordering process happen in that customer size.
Scott Herren: Great question, Jim. It only assumes that our share buybacks offset dilution. So, think of that as you're doing your own modeling, think of the share count to be roughly flat to where it ends this year.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Jeff, what I'd say is at 4 billion of software revenue over the last 90 days, we're one of the biggest software companies in the world. I mean, annualize that or look at the trailing 12 months, makes us somewhere in the top 10 in software companies in the world. We posted 6% overall growth and 9% growth in subscriptions even off that base. So, I think the software business is actually doing quite well for us.  What's underneath your question is that what you saw on applications, I'll go back to what we said earlier, about what's happening in Applications. Underneath that, you got to remember that includes the entire collaboration portfolio, so not just the software pieces and not just the recurring software pieces, there are hardware elements there, there are some legacy on-prem elements there, both of those were headwinds.  In the subscription software revenue piece of both Applications and Security, we saw double-digit growth. We had nice growth year-on-year for the full year in both of those. So, I actually feel good about where we're headed on that.
Scott Herren: We will assess it every quarter and update it as needed. I -- the big variable in there, of course, is what happens with the supply chain and when do we start to see a little more balance come to supply and demand across some of our key components. And I think that will -- that will dictate when we've got a good view for updating.
Scott Herren: Yeah, okay. You managed to get in three there, Ben, on the one-question limit. I'll talk a bit about duration first. You see in our remaining performance obligations, you see the nice growth, 30.9 billion in total RPO is a record for us. What I'd say is underneath there, the short-term is about 53% of that.  They're growing, somewhat balanced, slightly more growth in the long-term than in short term, but that's what you'd expect given that many of them -- remember the short term is just the next 12 months, so the first year, the long term is anything beyond that. So, it's not surprising to see long-term growth a little bit more.  We're not seeing a big change in duration overall. And maybe I'll go ahead and hit the last one, Chuck, and then leave the DNA question for you. As we look at the renewal rates and the actions we have to take, our renewal base is obviously growing and becoming much more important to us ahead. And obviously, renewals are dependent on adoption.  We've put in place very specific processes to understand where our customers are on usage and on adoption. And you've got to -- if you don't drive the adoption, you don't get the renewal. And so, we're attacking it at that level. I think the team's done a nice job getting some headlights on that, some early warning, and getting ahead of ensuring that we actually get the adoption we need.
Chuck Robbins: Aaron, this is Chuck Thank you for that. Look, we expected to be asked about pull-ahead. I think there's a couple of things that I would say, we obviously can't calculate that directly.  We've looked at several indicators; our pipeline analysis, channel orderings, our salesforce opportunity movement, order cancellation rates, future pipeline build, and we don't see any signs of ordering well ahead of needs other than lining up with what our lead times are. And we have customers that are large carriers, large telcos, Cloud players, who have 12, 18, to 24-month capacity plans.  And so, they look at our lead times and they are going to order into that based on what they have, but we would not say there was a significant amount of pull ahead of other than dealing with the lead times.  The other thing that I would just highlight is that Scott pointed out earlier, after the real strong order growth we saw in Q4, we're sitting with the best start from a forecast pipeline perspective that we've had in several years. That would lead us to believe that this is a trend that we should see to continue for a little while.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Tim. So, on the Applications front, we expected that you guys might want to ask about that and there's a couple of things to keep in mind in both Applications and Security. The order rates were certainly higher than the revenue rates, so that's the first thing I would tell you. The recurring subscription portions within each of those businesses were also very positive. As Scott said, in Security within Web -- I mean, in collaboration within the applications WebEx suite, the recurring subscriptions within WebEx suite revenue was up 9% in Q4, 16% for the year. We had solid growth in IoT, [Indiscernible] Cloud Contact Center, and Cloud Calling.  What's also in there, if you will recall, is there are phones and handsets, and there's some on-prem software that's associated with collaboration. And some of those were impacted by the supply chain. But the future growth areas actually for us looked really good. On the security front, Cloud Security, Zero Trust over 20%. The Security recurring subscription revenue was up 13% in Q4, up 18% for the year so that was solid as well.  And again, our Next-Generation Firewall demand was really good but some of the legacy products in the supply chain created a little bit of a revenue headwind there. But again, orders were stronger than the revenues. We would expect those to normalize over the next few quarters. As we get to Web scale, this is I have to tell you that preparing for this call, I reflected over the last 5, 6 years of having this discussion.  And I always said that we would start talking about web-scale when it was meaningful, and I guess I can now declare it meaningful. We made multi-year investments building the Cisco 8000 with new silicon, optics, and software, and we had phenomenal growth. And it was a 160% order growth this quarter, over almost 30% order growth a year ago in the same quarter. And the customers are really adopting our entire portfolio, including the enterprise side, but over half of that business landed in their cloud infrastructure.  We also see 400G taking off, really, in a meaningful way, I'll give you a couple of stats on that because someone's probably going to ask it. In Q4, 400G ports, our orders were up 668%, and for the year, 400G port orders were up 831%. We have over 400 customers that have deployed and we've taken orders for almost 180,000 ports total. So, it's really moving forward, and I think those are the things that -- we won several franchises in the cloud Web scale space, we continue to do proof of concepts, we're in validation and certification stages in others. So, we always said that we missed the first transition with these players and that we wanted to be prepared for this next architectural transition and I think our teams have done a great job putting us in a good position.
Chuck Robbins: Sure. Sami, I'll start on the cost of goods sold. It's overwhelmingly driven by the component costs and the contract manufacturing costs to do the various levels of assembly inside there versus something that we have the ability to flux -- to flex up or down. I would think of that as being significantly driven by some of the factors that we've talked about with the imbalance of supply and demand.  And Sami, on your second question, it's really difficult to say which ones are new, which ones that we compete with an incumbent. But I will tell you we're in -- we're competing with incumbents on every one of them because even if it's a new architecture they are building, they have incumbents who are certainly competing with us.
Chuck Robbins: These are all super competitive and our teams have built some great technology. And so, it's -- and the cloud providers, they like diversity in their supply chain. They like diversity from a supplier perspective, and one other data point I meant to give earlier when Tim asked about the cloud business that we gave on the call last time, I want to make sure we share with you again, Web scale comprised 30% of our Service Provider segment from an orders perspective for the quarter.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. And on the side of the order, that's a difficult question to answer. What I would say is that this is the first time we've given long-range guidance or annual guidance on both revenue and EPS. We have Investor Day coming up on the 15th where we're going to talk about the key growth drivers in our business and we're also going to begin to share new metrics that will give you a flavor of the business in a different way.  So, I think that's what as we spend time on that day, I think the drivers of growth will be clear to you, and I think that bookings will only be one metric that we'll look at, relative to future performance.
Chuck Robbins: What I would say is there are several transformations that are occurring or transitions that are occurring across our customer base that we're just well-positioned for. If you think about what's happened with 5G and WIFI 6, this whole move now to hybrid work, the whole re-architecting of infrastructure to support Hybrid Cloud, this 400 Gig transition that we spoke about earlier, these are all things that we have been working on our portfolio.  So, I think the refreshed portfolio and the new innovation that has been brought forward is just timely because we're on the front end of some of these big transitions that we've been talking about for several years. So, I think that's really what's driving it.  The teams have -- at the Investor and Analysts Day, on the 15th of September, we're going to have our engineering leaders talking about what all they've done, and what the future looks like, and what the innovation pipeline looks like. And I feel really good about what they've built, but we have a lot of plans for new technology and new capabilities.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah, that's connected to the DNA renewal thing because we actually have Customer Service -- I mean, Customer Success Specialists that are in the field that are working with customers every day, we've got virtual teller inside the organization also doing Customer Success, so the adoption piece is really important.  As it relates to DNA, then -- we've had sort of a handful in the first half of this year of those renewals that will come through, there's a little bit more in the second half and then fiscal '23 is where it's actually a much more meaningful number.  And our teams have been working on the underlying processes, the metric. the process, the systems, measurements, and the engineering teams have been working really hard on continuing to evolve the offer to ensure that there's enough innovation going forward that will optimize our opportunity on the renewal side of it. It's a bit early and I'd say maybe the second half of next year we can get -- or this fiscal year, we can give you a little more on that. And then, into fiscal '23 is when it's a decent size number.
Chuck Robbins: I'll close it now and head it to you. I'm really proud of our team. I'm really proud of the performance, and we're certainly pleased with the demand that we've seen. I'm super happy with the transformation, we believe our investments are paying off, our software business, the work we're doing with the web-scale and the cloud providers, and across the portfolio.  I think our technology will help our customers deal with this emerging focus on resiliency and agility and adaptability, and then most of all, I want to thank our teams for the incredible execution, not only in Q4 but over the last 12 to 18 months during a very complicated time. And I'd like to also just remind you and encourage you all to join us on September 15th for Investor Day. Thank you.
