Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Michelle. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco’s fourth quarter fiscal 2018 quarterly earnings conference call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations, and I’m joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chairman and CEO; and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now, you should have seen our earnings press release, a corresponding webcast with slides including supplemental information will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found in the financial information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic, and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons made throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements including the guidance we will be providing for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. I’ll now turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks Kelly, Michelle let's go ahead and open the line for questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question only. I’ll now turn it over to Michelle.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Chuck and thanks everyone. Cisco’s next quarterly earnings conference call which will reflect our fiscal 2019 first quarter earnings results will be on Wednesday, November 14th, 2018 at 1:30 PM Pacific Time, 4:30 PM Eastern Time. Again, I’d like to remind the audience that in light of regulation FD, Cisco’s policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. We’re now planning to close the call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Cisco’s Investor Relations department. And we thank you very much for joining the call today.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah, sure. So, on your question on the deferred revenue [plus][ph] unbilled deferred, so that was up 28%. The big driver we have for that, that is just purely product, okay. So, it is - what we mostly have in our unbilled deferred is from our collaboration, our applications business. They have a lot of periodic billing that they book month to month that is a very large number. So it is kind of apples to apples of business that we have booked that we’ll recognize in the future. So that's why we look at both. When we do adopt ASC 606 for Q1 that will be one of our disclosures showing you the combination of deferred plus unbilled. So you have a remaining performance obligation. But it is just product that 28%. As far as the ASC 606, we adopt that in Q1. So in the results we just went through of the 6.1 billion of deferred from software and subscriptions that is related to how we've been accounting for it under the old ASC 605. So when you go into –
Kelly Kramer: Yes, so yeah I can give you some direction, you'll see that in our K. So we will be writing off a portion of that balance, so of the 6 billion, we will be writing off and restating because you basically restate your balance sheet for the new accounting rules. And like we said over the past year, where we will have that impact is things that were term-based software licenses things like our ELAs or Cisco One those will now be recognized up front where they used to be deferred. So the deferred revenue balance will be written down for that and will lower the balance of the deferred revenue and then as we go into Q1, we'll be recognizing any new business that we bill up front from that.
Kelly Kramer: And to the point of, will I have better revenue, if you remember last quarter, the SP segment was down 4% and you're seeing that flow through the revenue this quarter when we talked about routing overall. So, when I look forward, we don't kind of talk about our guidance in the upfront by business, but some of this on the order side might play well as we go into Q1. What I will say adding on to Chuck's comments is I do think and as you know very well our service provider segment is made up of very, very large customers and in any one quarter, we can get big orders and that can fluctuate around. So, it adds to the sustainability. I would say we feel good about our position though I expect this could move around either way as we look forward. 
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. I mean, I think just to add to your point, I think the environment is very strong in Europe despite the political things that are going on and just as a data point, the UK is up double digits for us on product orders this quarter. So again, it is, I think, like Chuck was saying, the overall environment is very favourable as of right now. So we’re hoping we see this continued strength.
Kelly Kramer: No. I don’t think you need to read anything different of what’s happening on the margin. I mean if I look at the puts and takes that we have to our margin, I spoke a little bit about, we can have – we have a little margin pressure this quarter and some specific deals in APJC, but otherwise, our margin is driven by the same things, right. Our pricing is very robust, we’re being very disciplined. The price that you’ve seen the last couple of quarters is in a range that’s very, very strong. So that’s good. We’re still facing component headwinds and even though it’s less of a headwind, it is still higher year over year. The prices are up, it’s again, just as last, but that’s part of what we see both in Q4 and the guide and then everything else, kind of balances out. So right now, this is kind of what we see. We obviously are going to be driving for it as much as we possibly can, but it’s really the same dynamics.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. Sure. So on the component stuff, yeah, DRAM is loosening though. Again, as I said, the prices still are up whether you look quarter-on-quarter or year-over-year, but we are optimistic that both on the demand side which is also driving some of that pricing mix, back that to get better through ’19. And I don’t know if you want to hit the other –
Kelly Kramer: Sure. So, like I said in the prepared remarks, on the security side, they continue to have -- they're over -- 60% of their businesses is software and so obviously they have a lot of their business going through deferred revenue and it continues to grow in high double digits. So we feel good about that. They had a very strong Q4 and like I said, from a revenue perspective, it was broad based this quarter, driving that 12% up on revenue across all of their subsegments. So I'd say it's continuing to grow very quickly and with this addition of Duo, it really just round out the portfolio very well.  In terms of HyperFlex, I mean that's growing very strongly for us. I think this new release has been well received and again we find ourselves in a lot of head-to-head deals and winning against Nutanix, which is obviously a really tough competitor out there, but we feel good about the offer we have. Now, it's really fairly small compared to the broader data center business that has all of our servers in there, but we're pleased with how it's ramping and how we're competing.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. So on 606, Tal, so just to kind of again ground everybody on how we are impacted on 606. So one thing I will say is operationally nothing has changed. We've made no changes to our offers. We've made no changes to our contracts or any changes to our cash conversion cycle. So it is literally just an accounting change. Now, what the implications are to us is likely said it is going to accelerate some of our term base licenses. So we will have to write off some of our deferred revenue. We won't see that revenue, but we will offset that with acceleration of those offers when we book new orders and build new orders.  Net-net, we think it will be a net positive for us of approximately 1%. And so that's the impact on the revenue, it will fall through down through margin. So it's on operating margin, half a point to 70 basis points roughly of goodness falling through there. And as we go into the new rev standard, as part of our disclosures, we will be laying out very clearly for everybody since we have a -- we're adopting the modified retrospective approach, we will lay out very clearly the implications of the new accounting versus what would have been under the old accounting. So hopefully that answers your question.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. That's a great question, George. So, there's good news, there's good news there I would say. So like we anticipated, as we are so rapidly ramping the Cat9K, and as we're blowing out DNA across not only that, but also our tele offerings and across wireless, the revenue headwind was getting more closer to 2.5 to 3 points. Now, the good news on this is, with the new revenue standard going forward, because it's accelerating some of these offers that we did have previously deferred, that headwind will become less of a headwind. Okay. So as opposed to the 250 [ph] to 300 current accounting standards, that will be much less closer to like a point a half or so if I had to guess roughly. I mean, again, this will all flush out as we go through it, but it will become less of a headwind because we have such a big portion of things that we will now be recognizing upfront. 
Kelly Kramer: On the revenue. Exactly. I mean, the good thing about this accounting standard is it does normalize some of the natural headwinds that we’ve had on revenue and margin because of it, it’s not going to kind of come back and benefit us.
Chuck Robbins: I was feeling pretty good until you asked the first part of your question. I have said publicly I think we're operating in a - we have been operating in what I would call it's been a very you know consistent global economic scenario, there's clearly even in the last few weeks been things that have risen you've got the strengthening of the dollar that you mentioned, you've got some uncertainty in a couple of emerging countries. So those are clearly things that we'll watching, we've seen these in the past and we know how to deal with them. We obviously have the impending tariff situation which we're watching closely and, on that front, we're in deep discussions in Washington with the administration on trying to get to a favorable outcome. We like to see that land in a good place, but overall all of those are things that we are very actively involved with and we watch on a daily basis. As it relates to the networking business, the Catalyst 9000 as I said previously has been the fastest ramping product that we've ever built. So the customer count became less of an indicator pretty quickly and it flowed through to the infrastructure systems growth that you saw this quarter. So we didn't see it as a metric that was we usually use that metric on customer count when we're just trying to give you visibility to the ramp up of new product when it hasn't become real material to the revenue line and I think that we exceeded that point in time with a 9K pretty quickly. But I will tell you just so you know, I think Kelly keep me honest on this, I think we had roughly 9,650 plus customers on the 9K as of the end of the quarter, we had a great Q4, great adoption and we're very happy with where that product in architecture is.
Chuck Robbins: If you don't mind, Sami, I'm going to answer the second one, and then I'll give you a little qualitative color on Europe and then Kelly will answer the specifics on the business expectations. So on the second part of the question relative to Viptela and software defined WAN. We have two offers, we have - we Meraki has an offer for those customers who have embraced the Meraki architecture, they have a very effective SD-WAN Solution that is actually being well received in their customer base and they are using it to extend their customer base. So that's being very successful. On the Viptela front, we have been working hard on the integration between the Viptela platform and Cisco's product. And so we're going to have a variety of offerings for our customers, we’ll have a version that will have software running on different types of hardware, a software-only solution will have our integrated ISR solution and so we're seeing a number of those. This was a quarter where I would say we really saw the engagement level increase significantly. We got the offers in the marketplace the first wave of those and I said on the Q3 call that our teams were signaling us that Q4 was where we're going to see some of this come to fruition and we, in fact, did. So we feel good about where we are right now, there's more work to go. We haven't gotten the SD-WAN integration into DNA center yet, so that will only be I think a positive boost when we get that done and teams are working on that, I think it's coming in one of the upcoming releases.  So, in general, we're pleased with where we are at this moment in time with Viptela. Europe, our team is doing really well there, our teams are executing well, I think that they are competing very well because we have some very tough competition there. We have - the team in Europe is always one of the early teams leading with some of the new technology areas, so they've had a lot of success in this core enterprise networking space as we move to intent-based networking. So, we're pleased with what they're doing. We feel the entire global macroenvironment right now, there are so many dynamics that we're calling it like we see it based on what we know today. And Kelly, you want to comment just on how we see the –
Chuck Robbins: And a lot of the innovation that we’re bringing right now is actually targeted at helping our customers lower the expenses of running this infrastructure. So, there is a significant play to be made, almost like as customers look at where they are economically, there is reduction of cost by going to this automation platform. There is reduction of cost by moving to SD-WANs. So, these are technologies that we are hopeful will continue to be important to our customers regardless.
Chuck Robbins: Paul, it's virtually impossible question to answer, although I’m pragmatic enough to know that it's a combination of both. I will say that I think that, it's, clearly, the economy has been pretty consistent and the markets have been positive. So that has certainly helped and I think correspondingly, this new architecture and the new technology that we've brought out first, about four quarters back actually, right at the end of Q4 from a year earlier, has clearly been adopted at a record pace for us. So I could never possibly give you any sort of split on what that looks like. The best I can do is acknowledge that it's a bit of both and there are a lot of things going right, right now, but there's also, as we said earlier, Ittai asked the question, there's a lot of dynamics out there that we're watching very closely. So sorry I can't give you a better more specific answer, but I think that's as honest as I can be.
Chuck Robbins: Simon, so it's a really good question and I think the key message for us that we're trying to get across is that this transition to this multi cloud world actually is changing the way our customers look at building their IT infrastructure and how they secure it. So if you just think very simply that, look back over the last five to seven to ten years, a great majority of the traffic in our enterprise customers’ networks was terminating in their private data centers. So networks were architected and security architectures were built to deal with that reality. Now, we're moving into a world where there is still some percentage depending on the customer of their traffic that is obviously terminating in the private data center. Then they have traffic terminating in SaaS applications in multiple public cloud providers. They have this whole IoT Edge data aggregation issue. So what's happened is the traffic flows in the way data is moving across their networks and across their infrastructure is much more complex than it was five to seven years ago where it was all very predictable, which leads us to when you think about ultimately our customers are going to just need to build a world where you look at the user, you look at the application, you look at their policy and you look at the destination and then you have technology in the network that actually provides policy routing quality, security in that world and that's the role that we're playing with our customers because they need to re-architect their networks to accommodate a massively diverse traffic flow scenario that they're going to deal with.  So I'll stop with that right now, but that's why it's so important in US, what does that do to our partnerships with the Web scale providers. Well, they understand this dynamic that is going on and so many of the -- you're seeing some early -- some of the early work we're doing with some of the Web scale providers to ensure that we have integrated hybrid cloud solutions, so that we can provide security and policy, whether applications are in the private data center or in the public. They're interested in our ability to process data at the edge as customers are building out IoT applications, they're interested in us helping define security architectures that make it simple for our customers to take advantage of their services. So it's emerging as a really attractive partnership because of the reality that everybody sees in the marketplace today.  And hopefully that was clear, if not we can have some folks talk to you afterwards.
Chuck Robbins: Jim, it's a good question. And I think if you go back and look at the earlier transitions in this space, they have largely been around delivering, I don't want to say incrementally better, but a better performance for mobile devices that are connected to the network already. So when you go from 3G to 4G, you get better data performance, you're happier with your apps on your phones, et cetera. This is a step level difference because we're talking about the latency dynamics of 5G and the belief that this will actually enable them to deliver real time business applications to small offices or remote branches over 5G networks, that's a completely different dynamic.  And so I would tell you that we're, we don't know yet, but I think if you operate under the assumption that it lives up to its billing, then it is going to create a significant demand on the core networks of these service providers. And so I can't say that there's a huge historical example for us to learn from. But I think what you're going to see is just between now and when they start building these things out, they're going to be working on design and then we're just going to see them begin to gradually build out as they open up a certain market, they'll build out bandwidth and backbone capacity. And that's how we're -- that's how we're thinking about it and we'll be able to give you guys updates on upcoming quarters as to how we see this thing emerging. It's not going to happen overnight.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. Tal, let me make a comment on the first one and then Kelly can add to it and she can give the 606 answer as well. I think when you look at our routing business, first of all, Kelly, half of it is, 50%, 60% of it is SP, right. So it's significantly impacted by the SP. Some of the players you mentioned, they probably have a much higher percentage of their routing businesses coming from service providers would be my guess. So that's just sort of couched in the discussion on 5G and everything that we've said so far, but SP I would say is the answer on that piece of it. From an enterprise perspective, Tal, I think over the last couple of years, we've just seen a classic architectural stall in the marketplace as we've talked about historically when there's a big architectural transition. And you said that was going according to plan. I think the way I would characterize it is, we've begun to see customers actually move forward with deployments, but it's early, but we like where we are and we like what we see. So I think that -- I think we'll see the Enterprise continue to improve relative to this architectural clarity and I’ll let Kelly answer sort of how you think about the overall routing or the 606 question.
Chuck Robbins: All right. I want to – I think that was the last question, Marilyn. So if I could just thank everybody for spending time with us today. Thanks for the questions and the dialog and Marilyn, I’ll turn it back over to you.
