Melissa Selcher: Thank you, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 97th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, and I'm joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales; and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information that will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements' full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents.  Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. As we have in the past, we will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer segment results in terms of product orders, unless specifically stated otherwise.  I will now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter. 
Melissa Selcher: Thanks, John. We'll now open the floor to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please open the floor to questions. 
Melissa Selcher: Great. Thanks, John. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY '14 fourth quarter and annual results will be on Wednesday, August 13, 2014 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific, 4:30 p.m. Eastern. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. 
John Chambers: As you would expect, we have added some of the best and brightest cloud talent to our team. We are also seeing our partnerships in delivering converged infrastructure, such as VCE and FlexPod, leveraging Application Centric Infrastructure and the InterCloud fabric to provide on-ramps to the InterCloud.  As part of our InterCloud strategy, we do -- we'll deliver a portfolio of Cisco cloud applications and services. The Cisco cloud applications, which are already in market, namely WebEx and Meraki, continue to perform very well.  WebEx revenue grew 7% with annual recurring revenues up 12%. The total number of available users was up over 26%. Meraki, our cloud networking business, grew over 150% with the customer count growing approximately 30% sequentially.  We also see -- I'm sorry, we also continue to cement our position as the #1 cloud infrastructure and the #1 cloud provider, according to Synergy, delivering the innovation and platforms to fuel the world's largest cloud. That was again, the #1 cloud infrastructure and the #1 hybrid cloud provider.  On the Internet of Everything, last quarter, I discussed the momentum we are seeing with our customers to translate the Internet of Everything opportunity to actual business requirements. We are making measurable progress connecting the $19 trillion value we have identified in the Internet of Everything to specific business opportunities and pipeline. Again, at Cisco Live! next week, our user conference, probably 20,000 people in person, and we hope 200,000-plus virtually, customers like Royal Dutch Shell and The Weather Channel will join us on stage to share how they are partnering with Cisco to leverage the Internet of Everything to drive innovation and business results in their own organization.  Our close engagement with our customers to capitalize on the major market transitions like cloud and Internet of Everything will be a future driver of our services growth. Service revenues grew 3% this quarter with continued strong margins. Gary, nice job by you and Edzard and the team. 
John Chambers: We continue to be optimistic about the future opportunity. As our customers embrace cloud, mobility, social, analytics and the Internet of Everything, they are seeing Cisco as uniquely positioned to help them build and run the highly securable environments they require. We are helping them design secure and optimize cloud solutions, enabling industry-leading security for their mobile workforce and access data from anywhere to speed decision-making among other solutions.  During the past quarters, we announced our new Managed Threat Defense service to help customers detect and prevent attacks across their extended networks, fueling our security services business opportunities. We will continue differentiate our approach to services, leveraging both technology and people to deliver business value.  We continue to drive our evolution to software and services. And this quarter, we closed a first-of-its-kind multiyear deal to license Cisco's software portfolio to General Motors. This innovating licensing agreement, evolving our software and hardware where needed, will give GM greater speed and flexibility to drive business value. So for example, when GM needs to increase their collaboration solutions across the company, they have access to our full suite of products to do that.  Going forward, Cisco and GM will continue to partner to deliver GM's business goals up to, and including, the Internet of Everything. We are evolving very quickly as a company to meet the changing requirements of our customers globally. And I am extremely pleased with the level of innovation and the value we are driving across the company in both technology and business models. We are leaning forward and will continue to make the moves and investments we need to ensure our leadership for the next decade.  I'd now like to turn the call over to you, Frank, and do go into a little bit more details on the financials for the quarter and expand on our guidance. 
John Chambers: Frank, thank you very much, and well done. Reflecting on the quarter, the dynamics in our business and market continue to play out as we said they would. And we did what we said we would do. Our management team is executing well and driving innovation, transformation and discipline across the entire company. We're delivering solutions, not just technology, in a way we haven't in the past, and are transforming our business models toward more recurring product, software and cloud revenues. As we continue to drive the business, we remain focused on shareholder value creation by maintaining the flexibility to make the right long-term strategic decisions for the business, driving efficiencies in our cost structure and returning capital through dividends and share repurchase to our shareholders.  In addition to the solid financial results, there are 4 key takeaways for how we are driving Cisco forward that were evident in this quarter. First, we made good progress on our plans to return to growth despite some macro and industry-specific challenges. At the same time, we are innovating and investing while becoming more efficient in taking costs out. As a result, we're delivering and often over-delivering on the expectations while transforming our business. I'm proud of what we've done and excited about what's to come. Second, we are delivering more innovation at a faster pace than any time in our history. I look at the new high-end switching and routing platforms, the recently announced InterCloud strategy, new collaboration portfolio, new pervasive security offerings, new data analytics, self-learning networks, services and all delivery capabilities, IoE and much more.  And we're not just innovating in technology. The changes we are making in how we deliver value to our customers, leveraging integrated architectures, software and services to deliver their business outcomes are driving larger opportunities and deal sizes, as well as more recurring revenue. Third, we are disrupting the competition and, when necessary, disrupting ourselves to drive our leadership position. For example, we began work on Application Centric Infrastructure over 3 years ago. When we launched into the market in November, we laid out a roadmap for our customers on how we could deliver on the benefits and promises of SDN.  The traction we are seeing with our Application Centric Infrastructure solutions gives me great confidence that we are leading the transition to SDN. We have similar disruption examples today in high-end routing, collaboration, our overall go-to-market and organization structures. Finally, I believe we are positioned to do extremely well on the major market transitions. When I look at our leadership in the Internet of Everything, our differentiated hybrid cloud strategy, InterCloud, our ability to combine SP and enterprise mobile solutions like no one else can, Cisco's unique insight into the network traffic to provide security and analytics solutions is second to none. And our ability to converge the network, compute and storage from the cloud to the data center to the wide area network, all the way to the edge, the network is clearly at the center of each of these transitions. We are creating tremendous value for our customers when we connect the unconnected, and opportunities are clearly exciting.  Now Mel, let's move to the most fun part, which is Q&A. 
John Chambers: Got you. A few questions, Simona, but you've been very patient with us over the years. So we'll do that -- in the future, we'll hold the questions right about into one. In terms of seasonality, you're right. The guidance seasonality-wise for our Q3, Q4 was 4% to 6% growth. If you look at it, Frank, if I know these numbers right, over the last 3 years, it's about 1.9% or 2%. Over the last 5 years, it's averaged just 3.2%. So it is above that. We're going in with stronger backlog. And by definition, we had a very good third month of the quarter. In terms of the weakness in emerging markets in service provider, you're correct in that we anticipate those continue for several more quarters, and that's going to be heavy lifting as we work our way out. But let me leave no doubt in anyone's mind, we are committed to emerging markets. We're going to position ourselves as we've done before when countries have seen economic downturns and position us for the future. In regards to service provider, we're going to do whatever it takes, Rob, to get back on top there and get that to return to regular growth. In terms of the areas that are growing well, you saw it in almost every product category. And while the revenue numbers, by definition, product revenues are down 8%, if I remember, Mel, right, and product orders were relatively flat, which means plus or minus 1%. It means in almost every product category, bookings grew faster, orders grew faster than the revenues, and we showed that. And so, you see areas like collaboration, which we've been getting a little bit longer in terms of our products before we introduce new products. And Rowan has done an amazing job there. They turned from what's been a 3- or 4-quarter -- 3-quarter, I think, it is, negative quarter-over-quarter to a 4% growth. And growing, on that, you take time to get that growth up to at least high-single-digits by the end of this next fiscal year. You will see new product announcements throughout this year in the collaboration area, making it easier to use. And product announcements, even the Cisco Live! next week where you almost want to think about it like a iMac combination with TelePresence on ease of use, and tremendous price performance so you can bring this to the desktop and it can be literally a phone replacement that also has a capability on a touchscreen to bring it alive. Now where you're leading me on other products such as the high-end switching, the Nexus 9000, I have not missed on a customer call and I probably called, like I said, 100 CIOs in the last quarter on the 9000 and Application Centric Infrastructure behind it. And I'm not that good a salesperson, Rob, none of us are. But it means that the product is really, really solid. And so, you're seeing us take leadership across the enterprise accounts. When you think about going from 20-plus customers to 175, going to 1,000 people in the pipeline, and you see us with the Application Centric Infrastructure with a simulation going on -- Rob, if I remember that number right -- I think it's over 50 customers that are doing that. 
John Chambers: And again, the receptivity has been extremely strong. Many of you come from financial institutions, so you might have seen some small startup and being we're combined because they've been out there for 5-plus years, we're taking most -- all of those back. Momentum feels very, very good on it. And I think you'll just see us knock them off one after the other. In the commercial marketplace, Allison Gleeson would say the 9000 is on fire. But to your indirect part of your question, Ramona -- I mean, Simona. It will take another -- at least one and probably 2 quarters before you get high-end switching growing well. They put a 9000 in, you do the ACI modeling, et cetera. So it's going to take us a few quarters to extend it out. But your overall premise is right. When we present our architecture strategy and our vision, the CIOs get it, they buy into it, and we are in extremely good shape in enterprise as you would guess from the 6% growth that we showed this quarter and improving. 
John Chambers: Got you. Okay. Frank, you get the easy part for revenue and what's occurring there. And I'll probably expand on that and then lead into the other questions. 
John Chambers: Yes. But we don't one to give anybody the impression, we are not all over this. We clearly are and we don't want to give anybody the impression that we know a mixed issue could put pressure on us here. So we're working on it hard. And that's one of the things we got to execute on and continue to execute well on. 
John Chambers: So I completely with what Gary said, Tal, especially on the profitability in the customer side that brings us. I think the technical services, what Joe Pinto has done there has been amazing. We split technical from advanced services out, okay? So it grew well. And its profitability is very good. And I think, given the product run rates that we're on, I'd give us an A in that. I think the point you're raising, Tal, is how quickly do we move in advanced services from not just bringing our products together to be able to work well or network audits or things of that type, to outcome-base. And the outcomes the Gary walked through, we're going to move through over this next year very aggressively. And only about 20% of our advanced services, if I remember right, Gary, are outcome-based today. And they're at more midlevel outcome-based as opposed to the transformation that we talked about at the GM or transformation -- hopefully, if we do our job right with diligence in a number of companies and countries. So that's where the growth has to return from, assuming that product numbers do not pick up a much more healthy rate. And I think what you're seeing is kind of -- I hate to always call it a leveling out, but I think you'll see us level out about this level, maybe one more quarter of this and then slowly start coming back up. But Tal, your constructive feedback and criticism is fair. We like where we are, we love the profits, we love the customer satisfaction but we got to make the transition here to services delivering on and those architectures and business outcomes before you're going to see the number grow well that you alluded to. 
John Chambers: Good question. I think the U.S. is sustainable, especially in commercial and enterprise with all the appropriate caveats, my few years of law school have taught me on that. But I watch the pipeline, I watch the approach, our U.S. enterprise and commercial are usually a very good indicator of GDP slowly increasing, or GDP decreasing. And we saw our turnup in U.S. in enterprise, and commercial back in summer of 2012. And if you bought the [indiscernible] , I think you ought to understand what would happen. So that feels good. And you combine that with the CEOs I've talked to, most of us feel 2.5%, 3% for the next 9 months is very doable number. Not anything to do backflips on, but reasonable progress. Europe is still a little bit fragile, but we did see stability across the North with some growth rates for a change. And Europe in total was finally positive, not counting the emerging markets for us. And even stability in the South looks like it's occurring. Now I know they still got structural issues there, and I know some of the countries are in transformation and have some tough decisions to make. But I think they're, out of this downturn, slowly improving. And when I talked with our customers and the top financial people in New York, which I did just a week ago, most everybody else is beginning to see very similar trends. In fact, it almost [ph] was scary because when you described the world just like I did earlier, including emerging markets and the challenges in Russia and Brazil, we can finish each other's sentences regardless of industry. So I think Europe is coming back. Again, it's going to be slow and heavy lifting there because they haven't addressed some of their structural issues, but more consistency. And even the South is starting to show stability on it in terms of direction. So good about the U.S., good about Europe. Don't feel very good about emerging markets. They're still very challenged, especially the BRICS. 
John Chambers: Okay. So our clear goal was to return to growth. It won't be straight up into the right and it may be a little bit bumpy because we're still way dependent, too dependent on our orders coming in and shipping in the next quarter and during the quarter on it. But you are right, looking out over several quarters, we'd expect that. How long it would take us to turn back up to mid-single-digit growth, if that's what we're going? It probably won't be immediate once you get a slight growth quarter and then the next quarter is there. But I think you will see us do that over a gradual time. We are going to continue to watch operating expenses. Gary's is our champion here along with Frank tightly, but we have to put money into InterCloud and we have to put money into sales rep coverage as we make these changes. And as we get really good on security and collaboration, they require a [indiscernible] for a period of time to run with. So we are going to put investments into the area there as we go forward a little bit into next year. But I think your premise on slowly up into the right is right. It will be probably be a little bit bumpy. It won't be just one quarter you'll finally turn the corner and then the next quarter you're there. But we're going to take it a quarter at a time in terms of our guidance. So we want you all not to get ahead of us on this. We are very pleased with this quarter. Next quarter's set up pretty well. But we got some real heavy lifting to do. And I'm sure, a couple of bumps along the way, especially in emerging markets and service provider on the lifting. Frank talk a little bit about where we are in occasion, how we've chosen a different path than some of our counterparts did, and why we chose the path we did. 
John Chambers: Yes. We're pleased, I think, Frank, of what we've done here. And I think we're pleased to a pretty good extent without endangering our rating, et cetera, on it. So we just chose a different path actually, and very comfortable with the path we chose. Thanks, Mark. 
John Chambers: Sure. And then I'm going to put on the back end of that, Simon, I'm going to ask Rob to kind of tie it through where this fits on InterCloud and ACI throughout our whole family of Nexus products. So to answer the question very directly, we moved to the -- remember, the 9000 is a Nexus line, and we are going to take many of the capabilities on the 9000, including ACI and move it down through our other Nexus products. The 7000 was a slow startup, and it took us a long period of time. And candidly, we had tough gross margins on it, where you design it, et cetera, and it took us a while to add the features that we needed. Now I like very much where the 7000 is. You're going to see it have very continuous, very good growth opportunities. With the 9000 and the 7000 together, then I'll kind of judge the total growth there at the high-end switching on in terms of the capability. I think the 9000 will probably ramp quicker once you get a number of lighthouse accounts and they get their 2 and 3 and 4 systems working well on it. Remember, this is the engineering team that did the UCS where people said, "This is going to have a very slow ramp, and it will take time to achieve that goal." And while it took us a little while to get the attention of the market on UCS, the numbers went up very quickly. And I just talked with Allison Gleeson, who heads up our Commercial Group, and what she and Tony are doing on focus on the market. And they're actually on pace for the number of customers in the pipeline that they had for UCS, which is amazing in the commercial market where, clearly, some of the commercial accounts won't be reaching to the 9000. So I think the ramp, once it goes, will probably be quicker. But it will be 7000 and the 9000 together. And Rob, bring this together, maybe a quick snapshot of this next week with where we are in InterCloud and how this move ties the where we're going with our switching architectures. 
Frank Calderoni: Sure. So Ittai, as you know, so if you look at the overall deferred revenue, close to $12.7 billion in the quarter, up 4%, the key driver of the growth was the product side. Product side about $4 billion, close to $4 billion, up 11%. And within that, on the question that you mentioned, the driver has been growth that we've seen on subscription-type business. And that was up, within that segment, about 36%. And within that segment, it's the WebEx, it's security, it's Meraki, and it's our collaboration enterprise license agreement. So those are the areas that when we talk about even back in December, at the financial analyst conference, and we're talking about some of the cloud offerings, subscription offerings, that's the piece that is showing growth. And that's clearly what's driving the improvement in the deferred revenue on the product side. Good performance there. I'd just also put in perspective as far as the contribution, still small, contribution. But we do expect that continue as we see the investments over the next several quarters in the space. 
Frank Calderoni: I just want to go back to our -- just to clarify the, Ittai, first part of the question on deferred revenue. So I just -- I gave the balances for Q3 '13 that were growing at 11%. Just to clarify, last year, we had close to $4 billion, Q3 '13, going to $4.4 billion in product deferred revenue, that's up 11%. And the overall total last year, $12.7 billion going to 3 -- $13.2 billion, up 4% total. I just want to clarify that. 
Frank Calderoni: Just recap. The mix was pretty much, as you said, was to a slight benefit quarter-on-quarter, if that helps. Pricing was fairly consistent. We haven't seen much change from a pricing standpoint. We did get a benefit in the volume because last quarter we did talk about the drop in the volume that we had from Q1 to Q2. So volume improved, so we got that. And as a result of that, we were able to get a substantial amount of the cost benefit. Some of which came from last quarter that was delayed and others that we kind of worked on this quarter. So cost was a big plus for us in the quarter, which enabled us to get to the 62.7%. 
Frank Calderoni: Well, I would say our gross margins have been consistent. I mean, last quarter, given the volume, which we talked about. Historically, we've done everything we said we're going to do around gross margins, 61% to 62%, plus or minus, 1% or 2% every quarter. 
Frank Calderoni: So we can't comment specifically in regards to what eBay did. But I think, Mark, the key thing for us and this goes to the outreach we've had with all investors in the last couple of years is to build a capital allocation strategy that our investors are looking forward to, the combination of investing both in the buyback as well as in the dividend, which we've done in the last couple of years. And our strategy to a minimum have 50% of our free cash flow to use for that purposes. As I mentioned earlier, this year, we've been fairly aggressive with 140% of that free cash flow through the dividend and the buyback. We expect to continue that strategy going forward. We feel that based on the amount of cash that we have in the U.S., the amount of cash that we generate in the United States on an ongoing basis as well as our ability, as we did this past quarter, to leverage the debt market that we have the ability to fund both near-term and long-term the continued support of being aggressive on that capital allocation strategy. 
