Marilyn Mora - Director: Thanks, Kim. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's second quarter fiscal 2016 quarterly conference call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations. And I am joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO, and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now, you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial information can also be found on the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results, and we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the third quarter. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we will discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please note that during Q2, on November 20 we completed the sale of the Customer Premises Equipment [CPE] portion of our SP Video Connected Devices [VCD] business to Technicolor. As such, all of the revenue, non-GAAP, and product orders information we will be discussing is normalized to exclude the SP Video CPE business from both the Q2, fiscal 2016, and historical results. We are providing Q2, fiscal 2016, and historical financial information for the SP Video CPE business in the slides that accompany this call and on our website to help to understand these impacts. As a reminder, the guidance we provided during our Q1 earnings call and today's call has been normalized in the same way. With that, I'd like to go ahead and turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora - Director: Great. Thanks, Chuck. Kim, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. And while Kim is doing that, I'd like to remind the audience that, all analysts, we ask you to please ask one question.
Marilyn Mora - Director: Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our fiscal 2016 third quarter results, will be on Wednesday, May 18, 2016, at 1:30 PM Pacific Time, 4:30 PM Eastern Time. And again, I'd like to remind audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close to call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact the Cisco Investor Relations department, and we thank you very much for joining the call today. Kim, go ahead.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Marilyn. We delivered a strong Q2 in a challenging macro environment. Recently, we've experienced one of the most volatile times in the global markets. This volatility led to a slowdown in spending impacting our business, especially during the last few weeks of January as we closed our quarter. Despite this slowdown, we executed very well, with total revenue growth of 2% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 8%, strong margins, and operating cash flow up 36%. Our ability to deliver strong profitability in a challenging environment reflects the operating leverage we've created in our business over the last several years. Our portfolio is more strategic than ever to companies and countries that are digitizing everything. As billions of things become connected, creating massive amounts of data, Cisco is playing an increasingly critical role, enabling our customers to drive their priorities with industry-leading security. Cisco is unique in our ability to connect everything for our customers, from the sensor to the data center, with security and analytics. As a result, our conversations are no longer just in IT. They have become prevalent in the C-suite and the boardroom. When I took this role two quarters ago, I discussed my focus on accelerating our innovation engine and portfolio transformation to execute on the opportunity ahead of us. I believe we are executing well, and I would like to highlight our momentum in four key areas. First, we are defining the next generation of networking, beginning with the data center with our ACI platform providing the automation and programmability for our customers' most critical business applications, with the scale, speed, and security they require. In just two years, we have built ACI to a $2 billion run rate business that grew once again last quarter over 100%. We are aggressively focused on winning in the 10-gig, 40-gig, and 100-gig transition, and firmly establishing our leadership in the next-generation data center. Second, security remains the most critical priority for our customers. And as everything connects, it makes the network even more relevant. As the largest security provider, we have been focused on driving the growth of this business, while at the same time migrating our model from a primarily hardware business to a software and services business. In Q2, not only did our security business grow 11%, but our security deferred revenue grew 26%. Third, we saw double-digit growth in our cloud-based SaaS businesses, specifically WebEx, Meraki Cloud Networking, and security. You are seeing us move more of our portfolio to be delivered in both on-premise and cloud-based models, and we are aggressively driving this transition. And fourth, we are using M&A to augment our internal innovation in key growth areas. In the last 12 months, we have added critical capabilities and talent in the growth areas of cloud, security, SaaS, IoT, and analytics. Our recently announced acquisition of Jasper combined with our other capabilities is a strong example of how we will play unique and strategic role in unlocking the value of IoT. We will enable our customers to monetize the data from the billions of sensors and connections with the security, speed, and reliability they have come to expect from Cisco. Our momentum reflects the uniqueness of our business model and our ability to weather volatility while accelerating innovation in key markets to drive our long-term growth. Now I'll turn it over to Kelly to walk through more detail on our financials.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Kelly. Let me quickly summarize. While macro growth has clearly slowed, the speed with which technology is changing every industry and every country has not slowed, and we are moving full speed ahead. This speed coupled with our innovation, strategic partnerships, and our M&A capabilities will allow us to meet the expectations of our customers and lead into the future. On this front, I feel very confident, and that conviction about our future business is what led us to increase our dividend by 24%. My confidence in our future is confirmed every day by CEOs, boards, and country leaders as we preview our strategy and roadmaps. They see the next-generation data center and cloud architectures we're building on UCS and ACI. They see our extensive security portfolio that protects them before, during, and after an attack. They see the IoT and analytics platforms that will enable them to act on and monetize data and connections, and they want us to be their strategic partner as they drive their digital agendas. They trust us. They value our innovation, and they believe our portfolio is critical to their ability to execute on their vision. Our customers and countries around the world know this move to digital is real, and it's happening now. As we help them through this transition, you will see us operate on two fronts. In the near term, you will continue to see us to be a well-run company that executes even in challenging markets. Longer term, we will continue to make the right investments that will accelerate our growth as our customers embrace and adopt this next wave of technology. Marilyn, I'll turn it back to you for questions.
Charles H. Robbins: So, Simona, just the second part of your question, I think the word that we would use relative to how Kelly modeled in that would be the same that we talked about with Vijay, which would be prudent. On the switching front, from a revenue perspective, it was negative this quarter. We're trying not to give you lots of random pieces of information every quarter so that we can build some consistency in how you guys look at how we're performing. But I will tell you that on the new order side on the data center switching business this quarter, we did see slightly positive growth on orders. And I would say in the context of that last three weeks that we felt in enterprise that we're cautiously optimistic.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Jim. First of all, thanks for your favorable comments. I appreciate that. On the Ericsson front, we've seen – I will tell you that we've never seen – outside of Apple, we've never seen a partnership that has gotten so much energy and excitement inside the company. And as you know, on the Apple front, we are actually doing the development. I think Tim [Cook] alluded to it on his conference call that both companies are doing the development that we need to do to actually deliver that joint innovation to our customers. But the Ericsson partnership has immediate opportunity with it, and we have begun to close transactions together. I would not translate that to a significant impact to any of the numbers that we put out there today because we're literally in the handful stage right now, but we do see that accelerating. We have a lot of focus on it with our teams. Hans [Vestberg], their CEO, and I are going to be together quite a bit in Mobile World Congress in a couple weeks, and we're also going to have a lot of the next-generation joint solutions that we are putting together for our customers that will be on display in both of our booths there. And Hans and I actually are on a panel together at Mobile World. So that partnership is going probably as well as we thought it would be at this point, and I think you'll really see the acceleration over the next 12 months.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, thanks, Brent. On the pause that we saw, this is typical. When there's uncertainty in the market, we see enterprise customers, and they just basically say hey, look, let's just – let's wait. Let's see what's going to happen. They may say let's wait a week. They may say let's wait a couple weeks. And when you're in the last three weeks of your quarter, those kinds of decisions have an impact. So I just want to clarify. And your specific question, we saw it pretty holistically I'd say around the globe. And then the other thing that we haven't really talked about is obviously outside the United States, we saw currency. We talked about it on the last call in Europe and Asia. That clearly continued and maybe even got a little worse in some places. On the APJC recovery, the team there has done a great job. We've talked a lot about what we've seen happening in India. We've seen tremendous success there. We have – that's one of the key countries that we have a country digitization effort that John [Chambers] has been leading for us, and our business there continues to grow very well. In China, which is the crux of your question, I would tell you that as we've navigated our way through the last three years, and I think, Brent, you and I have talked about the amount of time that I spent over there during that window, the team did a great job. And what they really did is they diversified our business strategy across customer segments, so not only being aligned to state-owned enterprises, but moving out and creating a commercial market strategy, moving out into second and third tier cities, so geographic diversification. And they really focused on their teams being able to sell our entire portfolio. So the good news is what I'll tell you is that the growth that we saw in China was very well balanced across our portfolio. We saw routing up. Kelly, keep me honest, but routing in double digits, switching in double digits.
Charles H. Robbins: Wireless in double digits, as well as SP Video in double digits. So it was a very balanced performance for the second quarter in a row. So there's clearly a lot of uncertainty out there, so we're going to take things a quarter at a time, but we're pleased with where they are.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, James. So let me comment on the M&A activity that you've seen. We have built a strategic framework that is guiding us for what we believe we need to have in our portfolio and the architectures that we need to be able to build relative to cloud, security, analytics, SaaS, IoT. We have built that framework with our team in the first two or three months that I was in the role. We then stepped back and looked at where do we have R&D activities that are going to build some of these opportunities, and where are there opportunities like what we saw with Jasper where we can move and actually fill a substantive portion of our portfolio. And so that's what's driving us. It's very much connected to our broader strategy and connected to what I believe that our customers care about in the future. And I would say that you should expect us to continue the pace. And obviously valuations in today's market, that's one piece of good news, is that they're more attractive. As it relates to – I'm blanking on the second part of your question.
Charles H. Robbins: Sorry, security, thank you. On the security front, I would say that it is primarily, and Kelly can just again keep me honest on the deferred piece of this if it's flowing through. But what we talked about was the integration of the Sourcefire assets as well as the Cisco assets as well as other acquisitions we made along the way, plus the other innovation that our teams internally have done. And that has – we put all that together about two quarters ago, and we told you that we thought that this would continue to improve, and our teams have driven that. And when you look at that advanced malware portfolio, and we added yet another 2,000 customers this quarter, so we're up to 10,000, which is they've really done a great job of executing on that strategy. And then during the quarter, we also launched our next-generation firewall product that we need to get out in the marketplace for obvious reasons, and so we're hoping for similar success. But I think primarily it's because of continued improvement in the portfolio and the work our team has done. I wouldn't suggest that there's a significant revenue impact coming back in from the deferred yet, although we are seeing...
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Simon. Thanks. This is Chuck. So on the SP Video front, I think that the team has done a great job of evolving that portfolio and really building some great solutions. They're engaged with lots of customers. Our strategy when we divested of the Video CPE business was to really focus on a cloud-based delivery model, and that is occurring. And we're having obviously good success with that platform in China. And that tends to be an ongoing – a longer-term solution that the customers deploy, so we'll see. Again, we're taking things quarter by quarter, but we feel good about where they are there. On the second part of your question relative to the Web-scale guys, we've talked the last couple of quarters about how we had been having success with them. And I talked about us really changing our strategy about 18 months ago and moving more into a collaborative co-development mode with them thinking about what their very unique needs are. And I'll tell you that our business with them last quarter grew 17%, so we continue to see relatively good strength with those customers.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Tim. It's good to hear from you, and that is a very good question. And what I would tell you is that we are currently – we have a lot of work going on around the future next-generation data center and what the future stacks look like in that data center, which will be a combination of infrastructure hardware with a heavy dose of software and orchestration. And you can assume that we're looking at our role up and down that stack going forward. I would tell you that there was a recent article I think late last week, last week in InfoWorld where Biri Singh actually outlined how we're thinking about this market. So you're spot-on, and we are spending a lot of time thinking through what role we play there and what the opportunity is, but we believe it's going to be significant. So I appreciate the question. Tim, thanks.
Charles H. Robbins: That was apparently the last question we have, so I'm going to close with just some short comments. I am incredibly pleased with how we executed this quarter. And as I said, in a very uncertain macro environment, our teams did a great job. And as we look forward, I think about how we're operating the company on these two fronts. The first front is that we will continue to execute and run this company in a well-managed way, even in challenging environments. But at the same time, we're going to move full speed ahead. And the second front is we are going to make the long-term investments and build our strategy and the architectures and the solutions that our customers need. And I believe that our growth will accelerate as our customers embrace and move towards this next wave of technology that's going to fundamentally change every company and every country around the world. I believe we can do both, and I think that will allow us to take advantage of the incredible opportunity ahead of us, and I have a great deal of confidence in our ability to execute against that. So thank you for spending time with us today, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Kelly A. Kramer: I think to your question, Pierre, I think Chuck summarized it well. When we do our guidance, we look at everything we know at the time, which is our funnel, the momentum we see and everything else. So I'd say to put it in the words you used, I'd say that our guidance is prudent. I think you see that we expanded our range to three points of range versus our normal two points just because I think it is more volatile than normal. And so I'd go with prudent based on what we see right now.
Kelly A. Kramer: I think you summarized it well. On the software shift, Vijay, we are making great progress. Whether it's – internally we talk about how we're driving that in our software and SaaS businesses within collaboration and security. But also in other parts of our portfolio, we are really developing new offers, that there are ways to monetize our services and software along that way. So we'll continue to disclose more, especially as we look as our business and it becomes a bigger part of that. So I'd say it's progressing well. And we're adding to our models with acquisitions like OpenDNS and Jasper, which are both SaaS models. We'll continue to build that out as it becomes a bigger part of our portfolio. On the IT to OpEx, just to add to what Chuck said, I'd say one thing that we have tremendous flexibility on is leveraging our great balance sheet to help provide solutions for whatever it is. So whether it's our Cisco capital offers or the ability of us to build managed service-as-a-service, those kind of offers, we're very active working with our customers that want different ways to consume our products and services differently; that we're coming up with all kinds of new solutions for different ways of consumption. And we have that flexibility because of our strong balance sheet. So I'd say we're making a lot of progress on both of those accounts.
Kelly A. Kramer: All right. So, Simona, on the 2%, yes, great question. Let me give a little context there. So the last time we had this was in Q3 of fiscal year 2010, and it was about a 4% to 5% increase. I'd say what I baked into my 2%, so it's roughly about $250 million – $275 million. What I baked in the guidance is the incremental revenue I know that we will get from things like our services subscription businesses, our SaaS businesses, as well as some products around the distribution that we are seeing. So that's what I baked in the guidance. I am not assuming there's going to be a lot more because of the current macro environment. The sales guys are out there, the teams driving to a monthly number and a quarterly number. And given the spending constraints that we're seeing right now, I'm not being over-bullish in my guidance on that. So that's how I'd build that up. Just to remind you, back in Q3 of 2010, our growth that quarter was 27%, so it was a much different macro environment.
Kelly A. Kramer: I think you summarized it well, Chuck. Really, I think we feel fantastic about the portfolio and we feel good about what it looks like. But I don't really give guidance by business unit just because there's a lot of volatility. But I would say we feel really good about how the portfolio is sitting and the new products that we've launched on that platform.
Kelly A. Kramer: That's what we expected, what we said a couple quarters ago. So that ramp that we talked about a few quarters ago is happening in addition to the growth that you're highlighting in just the core businesses.
Kelly A. Kramer: So on capital allocation, so overall, our strategy around capital allocation hasn't changed. We want to give a minimum of 50% back to our shareholders. We've been listening to our shareholders, and the bottom line is we feel very, very good about our business model and our ongoing cash flows. You saw our operating cash up 36% this quarter that we thought we'd increase the amount of our dividend sustainably going forward. So it's a blend. We also increased our authorization just as we would normally would increase our authorization, the $15 billion. In terms of flexibility, yes, we will be accessing debt in the near future. Again, that's one of the benefits of our balance sheet, and our access to capital is very, very good. So we will continue to do that until anything changes with our overseas cash. But it does not change our flexibility in any way in terms of acquisitions. When we think through these capital allocation decisions, we're playing out what we're thinking about acquisition-wise, how we're building that out, as well as our future cash flow. So I think no change to our acquisition strategy. It does not hamper us in any way. We have easy access to capital. And again, we wanted to share some of that cash back with our shareholders.
Kelly A. Kramer: Sure. So on gross margins, we continue to be very focused on margins, and we look at it as all the different levers in there. So as you know, we continually have some price erosion, and we use price as a lever to drive selling. Our price erosion has remained very, very disciplined. You'll see that it's been in the normal ranges that we have been in the last quarter and actually slightly better than a year ago, so that continues. We're getting real traction, continued traction from our engineers and supply chain on the productivity side. So for the price erosion we have, we're more than offsetting it with productivity, and we're continuing to drive those projects to continue to do that so we can have that flexibility to make sure we're taking advantage of all opportunities for growth out there. So that's continuing. On the operating margin side, again, we're going to be smart about managing the overall equation. We want to make sure we're taking advantage and investing in the right areas to be able to take advantage of future growth and balancing that equation. There is a bit of goodness coming through at the OM line because of FX favorability that you guys are aware of that falls to the bottom line. But in general, I'd say that we're being very disciplined in terms of how we make these trade-offs and balance the bottom line with the investments we're trying to make to accelerate growth.
Kelly A. Kramer: Sure. So on the extra week, this is, I think, how you can think about it. So I tried to be pretty transparent of what we're assuming in there. So literally, the $250 million or so, the $275 million that we're assuming literally is just the businesses where it's just going to – because we have weekly billing is going to amortize off our balance sheet. That is basically a guarantee, and just marginally a little bit more for some of the distribution and flow business. So I would say as you are modeling for Q4, I think you should assume the normal ranges. Take that out, that $250 million to $275 million, and assume the normal ranges of growth in Q4. On software and SaaS, I know you and others ask me this question a lot. It's tough to quantify. Certainly it's a point or two easy to say off the top. Some of the businesses we're growing are businesses that we've had that are great, like collab and security. We are adding more to this profile with some of these different offers, like these big enterprise ELAs we have. It's just hard to quantify it for any one quarter of when it's going to fall in. But there's certainly something on the top line, but we'll see that come back through as we continue to build that out and amortize it.
