Laura Graves: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 81st quarterly conference call. This is Laura Graves, and I'm joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and CEO; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations; Ned Hooper, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President of our Consumer Business; and Padmasree Warrior, our Chief Technology Officer. The Q3 fiscal year 2010 press releases is on the U.S. high-tech Marketwire and on the Cisco website at newsroom.cisco.com. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides. In those slides you will find the financial information that we cover during this conference call, as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you may find helpful. Downloadable Q3 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue by product and geography, income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents. A replay of this call will be available via telephone from May 12 through May 19 at (866)357-4205 or (203)369-0122 for international callers. A replay will also be available from May 12 through July 23 on Cisco's Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The financial results in this press release are unaudited. The matters we will be discussing today, include forward-looking statements, and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  And finally, unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Laura Graves: And for what he's asking you on seasonality, then, going into Q1, we're going to wait and talk about that next quarter.
Laura Graves: Rod, I think to keep things moving, I'm going to ask John to address the European question, and then we'll take the others with you off line.
Laura Graves: Thank you John. I'd like to remind everyone that Cisco's next quarterly conference call which will reflect our fourth quarter fiscal 2010 results will be held on Wednesday, August 11, 2010 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. Additionally, downloadable Q3 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue segments by products and geographies. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting tab to access these slides and documents. Please be reminded that in light of regulation FD, Cisco plans to retains its long-standing policy to not comment on financial guidance during the quarter unless than through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions from this call. We thank you for your participation and ongoing support. This concludes our conference call. Thank you.
Frank Calderoni: Thank you, John. Let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements. You should review our recent SEC filings that identify important risk factors, and understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. The guidance we are providing is on a non-GAAP basis with a reconciliation to GAAP.  For Q4 FY '10, we anticipate total revenue to be up approximately 25% to 28% year-over-year. Because the sequential increase between Q3 and Q4 needs to be adjusted for a few one-time items, we want to also provide a quarterly guidance for each year. Our analysis of historical quarter-over-quarter growth between fiscal Q3 and fiscal Q4 results in a typical sequential increase of approximately 5% to 6%. On a sequential Q3 to Q4 basis, the impact of the extra week in Q3 is 3% to 4% of total revenue. This should be reduced from a normal sequential increase as we return to a 13-week quarter in Q4. Additionally, please note that throughout 2009, TANDBERG recorded revenue in the range of approximately $200 million to $300 million per quarter depending upon seasonality. Based upon projected revenue after adjustments for purchase accounting and for normal TANDBERG seasonality, we believe TANDBERG will contribute 2% to the sequential growth in Q4, or approximately $200 million which is also included in our revenue guidance for Q4. If you assume a normal sequential increase of 5% to 6%, reduced by the 3% to 4% for the extra week, then adding 2% for TANDBERG, we arrived at approximately a 3% to 5% increase on a sequential basis for Q4 FY '10. On a year-over-year basis, this equates to 25% to 28% guidance for Q4 FY '10. At this point, let me remind you in light of regulation FD, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure.  Let me now give you some additional details on the Q4 financial guidance. As we have said in the past, forecasting gross margin has always been challenging due to various factors such as volume, product mix, variable component cost, customer and channel mix and competitive pricing pressure. That being said, we believe total gross margin in Q4 will be approximately 64% to 65%, reflecting the revenue guidance I just shared with you.  With recent acquisitions and our entry into some lower-margin markets, gross margin could be negatively impacted by product mix. There will be times when we will be at the high end of this range, but we'd encourage you to be conservative in your short- and long-term modeling.  We believe Q4 operating expenses will be approximately 36 1/2% to 37% of revenue. We expect interest and other income to be approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter. Our tax provision rates for Q4 is expected to be approximately 21%. We are modeling share count to be down approximately 10 million shares quarter-over-quarter in weighted average shares outstanding for EPS purposes.  In this estimate of share count, we are not taking into consideration any further change in stock price that could occur in the fourth quarter fiscal year '10. While we expect to continue our share repurchase program, it is difficult to predict the exact weighted average shares outstanding. As a point of reference, a $1 movement in our average stock price would change the calculated shares outstanding for purposes of determining earnings per share by approximately $17 million.  While we are extremely pleased with our TANDBERG acquisition and our customer buy-in through our collaboration strategy, going forward in the near term, we expect the impact of TANDBERG to be slightly dilutive to our non-GAAP EPS by slightly less than $0.01 per share on a quarterly basis.  Regarding cash flow from operations, we would expect to generate $2 billion to $2.5 billion during the fourth quarter. For our Q4 FY '09 GAAP earnings, we anticipate that GAAP EPS will be $0.06 (sic) [$0.07] to $0.09 per share lower than our non-GAAP EPS, primarily due to stock compensation expense and acquisition-related charges. Please see the slides that accompany this webcast for more detail. Other than those items noted above, there are no other significant differences between GAAP and our non-GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisitions, asset impairments, restructuring and tax or other events which may or may not be significant. I will now turn the call back to you, John.
Frank Calderoni: No, I don't. Again, we've seen improvement in lead times coming into this quarter, Q3, and we're seeing that we'll continue to see lead times to improve as we go through our Q4 as well. And what we expect to do by the end of Q4 is seeing our lead times actually recover to normal for most of our products.
Frank Calderoni: So Jeff, one of the things and we mentioned this last quarter as well going into Q3, it's always difficult to actually determine exactly how much the extra week is worth. We also went back five or six years ago when we had it as well. But what we've done throughout the quarter and after the quarter closed is we performed significant amount of analysis both on our order side as well as on our revenue side. And based on looking at some of the trends we saw throughout the quarter, we feel fairly comfortable with the estimates that I provided, whether you look at it from a year-to-year or a quarter-to-quarter. It ranges from like $300 million to $400 million. So on average, it's about $350 million in the quarter for the extra week. And looking at it again several different ways, we feel comfortable that was what the extra week is worth. So whenever you're doing any compares, it's important to kind of remove that to get to a normal sequential trend from a Q3 to Q4 perspective, and that's what we tried to do in providing that guidance.
Frank Calderoni: So breaking the question in a detail point, our home networking group. Now remember, the reason we still report this as a separate area so you can compare apples to apples. If we talk about Consumer, the Consumer business was up over, I think 55% year-over-year. So our total Consumer business, including that, is up 55%. The Home Networking as we used to define it as a stand-alone category was down about 8%. And then it came in at about $210 million in terms of revenue for the quarter. So you can see what the current base is and the current balance. In terms of the margins, I think this is just normal pressure. To answer your question, I think it's just normal mix that goes slightly up and down. We encourage people when the margins were in the 65% to 66% range, which they still are, not to get overly optimistic about that. We think 64% to 65% is right, and there might be times where we dip below the 64%. But we think, day in and day out, the margins are in the product range that we expect, and we want people to encourage you to model in that 64% to 65% range. There's nothing unusual going on from competition. There's no more major price competition that we have traditionally seen, and I think it's more of a mix issue that tweaks up and down. But to be able to break it by individual products would be mathematically almost impossible to balance up and down. There's so many different moving balls on it. But to answer your overall question, there's nothing unusual going on other than just normal mix that might tweak up or down. So again, reminding everyone, when it's above 65%, don't get overly excited, when it's below 64%, don't get overly pessimistic. 64% to 65% is where I encourage you to model, and we don't see anything at this time and as we do unbelievably good in some of the low-margin products better when we're forecasting that would change that in the short run.
Frank Calderoni: There was nothing unusual from that perspective in the quarter. It was a good quarter from the standpoint of the continuation of business throughout and then also how we performed. We actually, for me, lead time perspective, we actually improved throughout the quarter as I mentioned earlier. So we did see improvement as the quarter went on, and we expect that to continue as we move into Q4.
John Chambers: So just to kind of repeat the numbers, I think in fairness, a number of you challenge us saying, "How are you doing on your core Routing and Switching technology a year ago?" and saying, "Are you getting too much growth from Advanced Technologies?" And in this quarter where we clearly reinvented ourselves and core Routing and Switching grew 23% and 40%, respectively. Now the question is Advanced Technology is not growing as fast, a fair question. Advanced Technologies grew at 18%. Our core one group of Advanced Technologies, if I remember right, grew at about 22%. And the Advanced Technologies last quarter were, I think, plus or minus 1%. So I'm actually pretty comfortable with where we are though some of them, such as the areas of Unified Communications, and we used the example of phones to give you some real, real positive updates, we're good. You saw Wireless picking up momentum again with the next generation of Wireless within it, and I would say 18% was pretty solid in that. I think a few key takeaway, and I was teasing Frank earlier, whenever we have a question, if it's about traditional products, say 20% to 40% growth or additional customer segments, say 20% to 40%, and if it's about new product introductions, say 200% to 500% either sequentially or year-over-year, and I was actually very comfortable with the mix. You will see big order swing that, but I think 18% up from 1% a quarter ago is pretty good numbers on that, and the momentum's going in the right way. Rob, I don't want to make any comments, but when you re-think about our sales force, they're across so many product areas now in such a broad based. I think when you see an 18% number in that category, that isn't bad.
John Chambers: A series of questions, Mark, so let me take a crack at the overall concept. Our long-term growth projections are 12% to 17%. Q4 last year was the first solid quarter we had in terms of sequential numbers. It was up comfortably, book-to-bill comfortably above one. Bookings were growing, I don't remember the numbers, almost 10 points faster than revenues sequentially within that, and so it's beginning to get more of a normal Q4 to compare to. So it isn't all the way back to a normal run rate, but it was a lot different than Q3 which has very easy year-over-year comps when things were flat and only the enterprise customers had started to turn up. So actually, if we're in the 20s in the market versus a reasonable Q4 of a year to go sequentially, much less in the mid20s taking out that 2% for TANDBERG, that's pretty good numbers. So I'm very comfortable with that position. I don't think it indicates a deceleration at all. I think the numbers were very easy comps just like many of our peers will see through the next couple quarters. We turn probably a couple quarters earlier than our peers did. We signaled that to the market, and we're very pleased with growth now in the mid-20s off of a Q4 that was clearly a tipping point on the upside, not a continued real easy year-over-year comparison.
John Chambers: We could talk about it, but I'd watch how the momentum plays out a little bit. To answer your indirect question, normal seasonality should apply but the real issue is what are the growth rates long-term? What are the directions? We just don't want our shareholders getting ahead and people question us just two quarters ago, could we grow 12%, and now all of a sudden, we're coming in to the mid-20s, and people say, "Is there a deceleration occurring?" Of course not. There's not a deceleration occurring. The momentum feels good on a global basis, the year-over-year numbers versus an upturn. Remember, the next three to four quarters are all now starting to compare against reasonably good sequential growth from years before. So that's how I'd answer it, Mark, and I know you're setting me up because there are a lot of questions from some of your peers that may not grasp that.
John Chambers: I think, if you're watching our projections, Mark, it grew 30% this quarter, and if you look at the countries, the balance was really good. In the U.K. at 28%, France at 27%, Germany, if I remember, at 12%, the Netherlands, was in the 20s, et cetera. Southern Europe start [ph] off, and so you'd expect that out a bit late, Spain perhaps, et cetera, but it looks reasonably good. If there was a segment of our business that we would probably model at a little bit slower growth rate than the other four large theaters, it would probably be Europe. But their forecast is comfortably in double digits for next quarter with all the appropriate caveats, and whether that's in the 20% range or the 10% range, time will tell. Europe's about 22% of our business, if I'm remembering right, to kind of giving you the data points off out. To answer the indirect question, have we seen that issue spread globally other than business awareness, no we've not. The momentum feels pretty good on a global basis. I had to agree with our optimistic comments of some of our peers of the last week that technology spending is clearly on fire and going in the right direction. And again, repeating the common theme that it doesn't get much better than this Q3. And if we had told you a year ago that Q4, we'd talking about year-over-year growth rates in the mid-20s, most of you who would have said we were missing the direction, and yet that is what's occurred.
John Chambers: The European markets were up 30% as we said before. Breaking by category, I'll just give them to you. The Enterprise was 19%, Public Sector was 26% growth year-over-year, the Service Provider was 32%, commercial was 54% and Consumer was 24%. So when we tease [ph], the answer is 20% to 40% in those categories. It is pretty accurate. It was remarkable balance across every theater in terms of the customer segments, the key products, the country growth, et cetera. In terms of nervousness, I think it had everybody's attention in Europe but we have not seen, Rod [ph], I think anything unusual from our teams, and actually they're forecasting a reasonably good Q4 from a European side with the appropriate caveats. If there's one theater we're watching, we watched that very carefully. But I haven't seen anything that makes us abnormally concerned at this time. In fact, when we hold our top -- I think it was 1,800 partners the other day in a meeting, we said how many of you anticipate the second half of the year being a better year-over-year growth in the first half, it was all but maybe 1% or 2% raised their hand. So optimism is pretty good around the world. I think there will always be a couple of challenges as to be [ph] now see in Europe. I think we're cautiously optimistic that we'll work through that. If we get surprised, we'll adjust but at the present time, we're not seeing anything that makes us abnormally nervous.
John Chambers: Government exposure is 26% Public Sector spend year-over-year growth. It's in that range. It's not abnormally big or abnormally small. It's right in the middle of the other groups. Our enterprise is very small strong, and our other groups -- let me if can do the math here real quickly. I think you're close to it being about 15% to 17% of our business in Europe.
John Chambers: Sure. So the increase in headcount from acquisitions was about 1,700 people. The net incremental increase in new hires or truly incremental was 1,000. So 1,000 of the 2,000 to 3,000, and we're clearly the trend here to accelerate that hiring position is basically in sales and especially in new markets adjacencies. In terms of the change on the net neutrality issue, I think you are seeing a concern from many groups about are we going to be one of the first countries to regulate the internet and to begin to determine what services, et cetera come on over it. So I think this will be a pretty active discussion point going back and forth between organizations, regulatory groups and business community, and I think there'll probably be a pretty healthy give and take. I think the objectives people are trying to achieve aren't necessarily bad at all. But I think all of us have concern with regulating the Internet and the dangers that go along with that. And a difficulty for us to say as a country in the U.S. probably an open standards in not regulating the Internet and open this, while we would do it when we're strongly encouraging other countries not to do so. So I think the discussion is just beginning. I hope we'll find a way to go back and forth between all the interested parties to achieve the benefits and not the negatives that can go with this.
John Chambers: In terms of the mix on the products, we gave an unusual amount of detail which we won't repeat in future calls once we have made the [indiscernible] because the startups are tremendously powerful here in terms of how quick acceptance occurs. This is about as good as you do with the next-generation product in a single category. But to do it across every product category, from 7000 Nexus to the 5000 to 2000, from the ASR to the 9000 to the 5000 to the 1000, to be able to do it with UCS, et cetera, it was across the board, very rapid increases. So best way to rub at the number that you ask is that if you have Switching grow at 40% and it's about 35% of our total business and you have Routing growing at 23%, and it's about 16%, 17% of our total business, you can count it back into the numbers. But overall, the numbers were very solid, no matter how you get a market share gain, enormous transitions, good mix, et cetera. It doesn't get any better on product transitions than what's going on now is the answer I would come away with on that share this aggression there in the extra week.
John Chambers: It was not the last week of any quarter. The last week of many quarter is very high in bookings and revenues. As you would expect, it wasn't the first week either. So I would model it in the middle. We had a lot of give and take. This an art on the number, and you can do the math. You can come up with the number of 300, 400, 500 to 600. We believe the numbers that Frank shared to be most likely on that. Each of you can make your twist but it is a -- I would've consider it a week in the middle. And it's a tough number to anticipate because when I asked around the room how many people were here and we did this five years ago, other than myself, no one in the room had been through it before. So it's our best estimate. If you're a little bit more optimistic, you can adjust appropriately. If you're a little bit more pessimistic on what it adds, you can adjust the others. It's probably right in the middle, if I we're guessing.
John Chambers: We're probably not going to go by individual product areas. It varies because one time, it can be as simple as some ICM materials, the next time it's power switch, the next time it's an 861. I think in terms of starting to discuss individual lead time product areas, we'd probably just start down something, I don't want to start during the conference call, but I wanted to try to answer your question. We made progress in almost all areas last quarter and then again this quarter on lead times. There will always be two or three product areas that either we misforecast or there's a problem with one supplier. As long as it's two to three we're fine on that. But we do need to bring them down a little bit tighter in terms of total by another one to two weeks, and there are a couple of product areas that are currently running at the high end of that in terms of the categories. But break it down individually on it, I think would be probably something I don't want to start down the path on. So let me give you one more question, Nikos, in terms of asking so that I can answer one for you.
John Chambers: What you're going to see is we think supply will be tight for the entire year, and we will assume that it will be tight. What I've asked Frank to do and Randy and Angel to do is to make whatever commitments we need to, to meet our customer delivery dates. So I'd expect us to continue to make commitments in terms of being sure we get the components in and stretching out over a period of time. So I'm really asking us to model not just for the next quarter but looking out two, three, four, five quarters and take the issues of supply constraints out of our dynamics on it. And it's a relatively inexpensive insurance policy to be doing that, and I think the way that we're handling is right. So I'd look for us to continue to make commitments throughout the year, and I think that's required, candidly that we think the supply agenda will be tight throughout the entire calendar year calendar year and maybe well into next year.
John Chambers: Almost without exception, quite a difference a year makes, a year ago, I think we were one of the two optimists in Davos a year and a half ago, and I couldn't find the other one. And when you're talking to business leaders, the majority of them were very concerned. I'd say now, almost without exception, most people are beginning to slowly turn cautiously optimistic. They are very hesitant about adding headcount especially in the U.S. However, almost all of them have squeezed their expense levels down, have tightened things, probably cutting into muscle at times. And so they're looking as they want to grow new revenues, move into new markets about driving productivity and technology. It's a nice way of saying that I think you're going to see the optimism in the technology industry continue throughout the next year. And that most of our customers we talk to our now getting very much involved with how they drive productivity, how they move into new markets, et cetera, as opposed to focus on cutting expenses. And I guess the best example was in our partner community, that 1800, I took that survey up in front of everybody else, represents every country in the world imaginable, every size account, et cetera, and they were 98% or 99% very optimistic about the second half of the calendar year in terms of the question asked. When I was in India just a short time ago, uniform across the board, they feel very good about growth in the 8% to 10%. It was just a short time ago people were worried about China not growing as well and all of a sudden, we were worried about them growing too fast. But barring a surprise, the Chinese leadership are very good. They'll manage through that as well. So I think what you see is optimism building on a global basis. It won't be as big a bounce back as you normally feel for this deep of an economic downturn which would normally be probably 7% to 9% growth in GDP. In fact, most people are a lot more optimistic than this year ago, and I have very few pessimist customers at this times, almost regardless of countries. I think everybody's a little bit gun-shy, not want to stick their neck out or careful when they see a concern that it might have a domino effect. But right now, it's a dramatic change in terms of what we're seeing from almost every customer in the world.
John Chambers: Components did not have an impact on UCS now. Did we make some of the shipments we could've made in the quarter because of long lead times, absolutely. We didn't make some of the shipments. And in two tier and small business, the products are either on the shelf or not. Was it a major impact in the quarter? No. Did it have some impact in the quarter in terms of either getting orders that could've shipped in this quarter if we'd been on earlier lead times into the quarter? It had some impact from that perspective.
John Chambers: Linearity. Again, it's hard when you take that 5% out, I mean the extra week out. If you move the week out of the middle of the quarter, linearity was relatively versus what we'd expect. It was clearly loaded more in the second month of the quarter since that's where we put the extra week versus normal times. But people are back on hitting forecast very accurate, congratulations to you and your team, and they were pretty accurate the whole quarter. So I feel much better about having a good feel for our businesses and the momentum. And again, it was remarkably well balanced with almost all geographies except maybe Japan and Italy, Spain, Portugal, all geography is doing pretty well.
John Chambers: It isn't four weeks, it's five weeks. The last month of the quarter is always five weeks in terms of the direction on it.
John Chambers: I think you're reading too much into that. We are very, very comfortable with Q4. And this is why I really -- we made the statements beginning three quarters ago. We strongly encourage you to go back to year-over-year numbers because the quarterly numbers can vary by big deals, they can vary by shipments, et cetera. And this is why we said beginning two conference calls ago, we would be switching back to year-over-year being the numbers we strongly encourage you to focus in on. You can tell just by the questions on what did the extra week bring you or not bring you in this, the effect of the TANDBERG, in or not. And so I would strongly encourage our shareholders to look at year-over-year growth numbers as being the proper indicator to really watch the run rates on. And as lead times come back tighter, customers won't be ordering as far out. So you will see an actual contraction in terms of the bookings that go with that. And repeating the same thing, Q4 of last year was the tipping point on the upside. And you had a very good booking sequential quarter that we're comparing it against in terms of the numbers for next time period.
