Scott Herren: Sure. I'll start, Sammy, on the price increase question and then -- and I'll let Chuck on public sector. The price increase that we put in place really just became effective on the 1st of September. Most of what we shipped during the quarter, either came out of RPO, so prior sales that are sitting on the balance sheet and then accrued into our revenue. And we've talked about having $15.9 billion now of current RPO. So, none of that, of course, would have had the price increase built into it. And a lot of the hardware shipments came out of backlog during the quarter. And again, none of those would have include that price increase. I think even looking ahead, Sami, you got to think about that price increase having a bigger effect towards the second half of the year than it will have certainly during Q2. Think of that as more of a late Q3, Q4 by the time those price increases turn into orders, those orders work their way through the backlog, get built, and then delivered to customers.
Scott Herren: civilian side, and we had a few deals on the DoD side that pushed into Q2 from an order perspective, but it's still very strong and the teams are doing a really good job there. That's just a great business for us.
Scott Herren: And Ittai, to the second part of your question, we haven't actually broken that out for you, but I think the as we talked at our Investor Day back in September, the growth areas of all of our markets security and hybrid work included are more in the subscription side. That's where we focused our attention. That's where we're focused a lot of our innovation. And as Chuck said, the subscription piece of security grew at 15% during the quarter. So, I think as the -- as that becomes a more and more prominent part of our overall security product portfolio, that's where you'll begin to see more acceleration in the growth rates.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Again, I'd rather not get into trying to give you guidance at that level, all the way out through time, Ittai (ph). I do think the areas that we focused on, and the areas that we're investing in, are the high-growth areas. And that's why you're seeing that double-digit growth. That mix will continue to change. It was obviously positive during Q1, it was positive in the prior quarter in Q4; it'll continue to change. And again, as that piece becomes a bigger part of the overall portfolio, that's where you'll see it flip to a faster growth.
Scott Herren: Yeah, sounds good. On the software revenue growth, as you said, it did slow a bit during the quarter and that's really again, the same effect that we talked about in the opening commentary. We had that transformation from selling more perpetual license to selling more as a subscription, and that's an area that we've put a lot of time and effort focusing on. So, it's that mix underneath the covers that's driving it where you'll see the revenue that's not yet recognized but the success of that transformation, is in two of the stats that we also gave you in the opening commentary. Product RPO, products remaining performance obligations, up 18%, and product ARR growing 21%. So, a lot of the software sales that we had in the quarter, are actually sitting there in RPO at this point and they'll get recognized over the future. So that's just creating an overall headwind to the reported revenue growth rate.
Scott Herren: Improving it. I will tell you that we've added some innovative value around this with like, the ThousandEyes capability that's been put into it now. So, the teams are working on it. We have a reasonable degree of confidence. If you look at net retention rates are clearly off-the-charts positive. But I think it's going to be into the second half and into fiscal '23 when we really see enough volume to have conviction that we've got the numbers where we need them to be.
Scott Herren: Yes, I think that's the $64,000 question. The complexity of answering that is, of course, it's not just one commodity that's constrained and you have to square the [Indiscernible] across all economies that are all constrained. And then you have to overlay on that the snarled logistics position that we find ourselves in. Really across all lanes, whether its ocean or air, or trucking. The layering on of both of those is what makes answering that question so complex. As Chuck said, we did see stabilization and some of the signs of stabilization that we saw during the quarter. We saw better visibility to components from some of our suppliers in terms of when they could deliver and the quantities. We saw fewer de -commits come in during the quarter, another sign of stabilization. And then memory costs are actually beginning, just beginning, but beginning to decline a bit, meaning that market's coming more into balance as well. So, we're seeing signs of stabilization, as we look ahead and look at Q2 guidance and what that means for the full year. Obviously, we're in a very strong position on RPO. That's going to accrete into the revenue stream in the second half of the year and we've got a backlog that provide s us great visibility into exactly what we need to build, so we can be a lot more targeted in what we need to go chase down to get that so feel confident in the position that we're in, both on the Q2 guide and the full-year guide, given what we see today.
Scott Herren: I wish I could do what you ask because I would like to know that myself. I will tell you this. We clearly know -- call it pull-ahead, call it ordering against the reality of our lead times, but we clearly know that customers are ordering further out than they would normally. The large carriers, the cloud providers, where we had 200% growth. These are customers were doing deep forecasting and planning with. So, we know that they're ordering 2, 3, 4 quarters out to make sure that they have the stuff in the pipeline and the right sequence for delivery. So, we get that visibility, but then you look at a segment like commercial that grew 46%, and you tend not to see a lot.  You will see a little bit, some of the commercial customers are looking out. But many of them are ordering when they feel the need, and so it's a really hard question to answer. On your second one, I think that the only way I can answer that is to say, it actually is part of the first answer too, what we're watching real closely is we're watching cancellations, which we have not seen any change in our historic cancellation rates. In fact, it's lower. We watch pipeline growth, and I can tell you that our pipeline growth is probably as strong as it's ever been even beyond the quarter we just finished. So, we see continued demand and I think that from that perspective, the way we think about it is our very large customers, largest enterprises, cloud players, large carriers, those we know we have visibility, there's an aspect of ordering ahead from other customers, but I think the vast majority below that probably aren't.
Scott Herren: Yeah. That $15.9 billion of just current RPO, meaning it's going to create into the revenue stream in the next 12 months gives us obviously, a fair amount of visibility there, Simon. The other thing I'd say to your point that I think is relevant on the strength of the order flow during the quarter is linearity was also good. It wasn't likely the quarter started off strong and got weaker as it went on. The linearity was good throughout the quarter, so we do enter the current quarter with some pretty good momentum on that front. It actually was the opposite, it strengthened.
Scott Herren: Just, Paul, the constraint obviously is component supply right now with back-to-back quarters of 31% product order growth in the Q4 that we closed and then 33% in the quarter that we just closed, Q1. Clearly the -- what the headwind that we're seeing to faster revenue growth is just component supply. That backlog will turn into revenue. It will just turn into revenue over time. So, quantifying that is -- it's going to show up in the revenue stream.
Scott Herren: Without saying the absolute number, Paul, I think look at the revenue growth rate -- the difference between the revenue growth rate in -- just in the last two quarters, in Q4 and in Q1 and you can get a sense of what's built up in that backlog.
Scott Herren: There's no question that that Q2 guide is impacted by the supply chain -- the component supply issues that are putting a headwind on what we can get pushed out the door. What I'd say is we -- our full-year guide that we gave you last quarter of 5% to 7% growth on the top line, and 5% to 7% growth on the bottom line, giving another quarter of very strong demand growth and the backlog plus the buildup of RPO we have, we have pretty good visibility to what needs to get done to hit that and are still -- given everything we know, we're still quite confident in being able to hit those for the full year. So, the shape of the year may look a little bit different because of the supply issues, but the full year still feels like it's where it was 90 days ago.
Scott Herren: Rod, thanks for that question. This is something that our supply chain team is working day and night to try to resolve. We obviously can look at that and understand what's in the backlog quite well. What I'd say is what we're working through is really a prioritization mechanism on how we can get things shipped out that are going to make sense to our customers and get those out there as quickly as possible. So, there is some aging inside there, Rod. Rather than try to quantify that for you, what I'd say instead is it's something that we are -- our team is working night and day to try to resolve.
Scott Herren: By the way, if it's sitting in the backlog, obviously it's not an RPO yet. It's not an RPO, so it's incremental to RPO. Right.
Scott Herren: We touched on -- I'll start, Chuck, and you can add color. We touched on that, Tal, at the -- at our Investor Day, where we talked about the long-term growth of the TAM. It's just on the markets we're playing in today, that that's where we're already selling or where we're investing in products. That's up to a $400 billion TAM by fiscal '25. And then within that, those markets are growing 5% to 7%, consistent with our own projected growth rates. Interestingly, when you peel that 5% to 7% back further and say, well, what's going to drive that? By far, if you recall, the fastest growth rate was in the subscription models, and that's what you see from us. You see product RPO growing 18%. You see product ARR growing 21%. You see us doing exactly what we said we were going to do, which is make that transformation to a more recurring revenue model. Those things are not necessarily immediately turning into reported revenues, which I think is the math you're trying to do. But you got to add to that, or you got to consider when you do that, the amount that we're building up in RPO and in ARR and I think that's what drives the growth longer term.
Scott Herren: No. Other than just reiterating what you said in the opening commentary which is, and this is a pretty major milestone for the industry, first pluggable module capable of delivering 1.2 terabyte capacity on a single wavelength. That's a sign of not just executing on the financial performance, but also continuing to innovate at the rate and pace that we'd expect from them.
Scott Herren: Yeah, you pointed out commercial, Samik, in the question. And 1 of the data points that Chuck talked about earlier is commercial group. Product orders and commercial group, 46% during the quarter. So, we had really strong growth there. I think to your second question, it's so hard. I talked earlier about the complexity of answering that question, but I'll just repeat what we said earlier in the year that if the supply chain -- the component supply
Chuck Robbins: And then Sami, thanks for the question. On the public sector situation, we saw -- if you look at our public sector performance on a global basis over the last couple years, it's been very consistent. And I think we've doubled that business since 2017 or something so it's been -- that's the federal business perhaps; our U.S. public sector, but the -- what we saw was we saw a lot of strength in E-Rate. We saw strength in state, local, and education. We saw strength on a
Chuck Robbins: Ittai, it's a great question. So first of all, I will say that we have room to get better in security and teams are working hard on that. There's a lot of innovative work going on. And then you called out the primary issue that Scott referenced in his opening comments is the on - prem sort of perpetual stuff in decline and then the subscription-based businesses grew double-digits. Zero Trust, Unified Threat Management was good growth. And overall, the subscription portfolio grew 15%. So, it's really balancing that and there's a little impact in there, Ittai, from supply chain on our hardware-based network firewall business. So, I think it's a combination of, we've got some work do with which the teams are working on. And then the transition and a little bit of supply chain. But we would expect over the next 2 to 3 years for that business to continue to get better, and the teams are committed to make that happen.
Chuck Robbins: Just to add to that [Indiscernible], our perpetual software, as you would expect, is negative year-over-year. So that -- and then the ratable that gets recognized over 3, 4, 5 years is where we're shifting it too. On the renewals on the Cat 9K, what I would say is that it's still too early to tell, but I'll tell you that it's in line with our expectations and the last two quarters -- they're small numbers just to be clear. We're very early in this and the teams have been
Chuck Robbins: The bad news is we've had obviously challenges getting things shipped to our customers. The good news is, is that our backlog is at an all-time high for our Company. It's never been higher.
Chuck Robbins: Well, yes. And if you look at the compare from a year ago, the compare was actually tougher, so the momentum actually increased, if you look at it that way. But our teams have -- we talked about 6 years ago that we were going to do the work to try to get back into these franchises in the cloud players, and that's been a big -- that's a big, big success for us right now and that's certainly helpful. And then we've got all these other trends happening right now. You got 5G build-out, you've got Wi-Fi 6, you got every enterprise customer realizing that they're not going to get caught with the next crisis not having their technology modernized Our switching growth is at a rate that -- 2 years ago if I'd have told you we're going to be doing that or if you'd told me we were going to be doing that, we'd have both been crazy.  So, it's -- so I think your point of at some point in the future, you would expect order rate and revenue, would they have to get in line? I think over a time period, yes; not necessarily in one quarter versus the other because of the transition in the business model. Because if you look at the RPO that we're pulling off the Balance Sheet every quarter, I go back and look at what that would've been 6 years ago. It wouldn't have been anywhere remotely close to what we are, so we would've been in a much more dire situation relative to supply chain and revenue right now if we hadn't been making the transition that we've been making.
Chuck Robbins: What I would say is that while short term this doesn't feel great, I think what we're seeing is the customers have decisions they're making right now, and they're choosing our technology across the board. They're choosing the innovation that our teams have built. And I think that's going to bode well, and that's a great indicator for us in the future. And I think the fact of the matter is, is with that RPO and the backlog that we have, that stuff's going to ship. So, there's going to be some short-term issues, but it's going to catch up.
Chuck Robbins: I'm not sure book-to-bill matters anymore. That mattered years ago when we were a hardware Company, and everything was sort of net 30. We haven't looked at that in ages. I'm sure it's on a spreadsheet somewhere from years ago, but I would say the backlog is -- Scott, how would you want to characterize it? I'll leave that with you.
Chuck Robbins: It is -- we have great visibility to what we need to build and ship out, and that's why you see us taking the steps we're taking in terms of adding inventory, making some of the longer-term purchase commitments that you see show up in our filings. It's really trying and doing everything we can to try to support our customers and get that product out the door as quickly as possible. But you can get a sense of the building backlog just by looking at the delta between what's been showing up in bookings and what we're able to push out the door in revenue.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. We worry about it every day, and so do our competitors. And so, it's everybody is trying to fulfill what customers need and I guess the silver lining is this is not necessarily unique to us, but it's certainly frustrating.
Chuck Robbins: I would say there's a couple of things. Number 1, the performance of the Silicon One architecture is pretty incredible. And in a world where sustainability is a massive issue for everyone, when you look at the performance to power consumption ratio, it leads the world and so when you look at the speed and the number of ports and the performance that we're able to deliver at the lower power consumption, it is super meaningful and so -- not only is it great technology, but it comes at a significantly lower power consumption, and I think those are couple of big reasons.
Chuck Robbins: Okay, Rod. Thank you. I think you're probably right on -- I don't know if it goes back 10 years. I have not looked at it, but it was significant, and I think it's a combination of what we talked about. For three years on this -- on these calls, we talked about when's 5G going to be real. And so, we see it real now. And so, you sell site routers that are backhaul. Routers are a big deal. Packet core is a big deal. You get into the cloud providers, and you have either standalone silicon, standalone software, or integrated systems and increasingly it's -- we're getting more integrated systems work which has been helpful. The Edge with the ASR 9K. The Cisco 8000 is being obviously super successful.  The NCS product line, optical, Acacia is doing very well. And so, all those technologies just line up. And I think that when you look at the -- I'd say I'd summarize it with 3 major trends, just us getting into the 400-gig build-out in the cloud. As the 5G build-out in the service provider space, and then a re-architecture that's happening in the service provider space to just basically flatten and simplify the whole routed optical network strategy that our teams have talked about. Those are the drivers. And you had a second question, Rod.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. You snuck in 3 there, Matthew. But I'll start with the gross margin question. The guide that we gave for the quarter, at 63.5 to 64.5 is exactly the same guide that we gave you in Q1, and it's the exact same combination of effects. There are some competing factors inside there right on the -- within the gross margin. We've got price increases that will come online as the year goes on more toward the second half and really more toward the end of Q3 and into Q4, we'll start to see that will be a tailwind to gross margin. We've got the cost increases and within that it's not just component cost increases, which are a part of it. It's also logistics cost increases as we've talked about, and those have gone up across the board as well. So that's what's in the gross margin. It's strictly tied to the various elements of costs within our supply constraints that we're dealing with. On the cap allocation, which I think was your second question, our cap allocation policy is unchanged. It's exactly as we stated at Investor Day, which is, first and foremost, to support the growth of the business.  Beyond that, to obviously continue to protect the dividends through time, offset dilution of our equity plans, which is what you saw us do during the quarter we just closed, and then longer term, return excess cash in the most tax efficient way we can to our investors. So, we continually evaluate that. I will tell you it's an evaluation that is not just done once a quarter; it's an evaluation that we do continually on that front. The M&A question is one that probably doesn't pay to get too deep into.  M&A has been a part of our strategy as a Company. Over time, we talked about a couple of acquisitions in the opening commentary. EPSAGON, which closed during the quarter and Replex, which we announced during the quarter, is not yet closed. You should continue to see us doing some of those more of the build-by type acquisitions. I think it helps us accelerate innovation. Longer term it's a space that has been part of our strategy for some time.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Tal. First of all, I think, when you look at the RPO numbers that Scott talked about, that would indicate that there's a significant portion of our revenue that we recognize each quarter that is not hardware. If you look at the RPO that we're going to recognize over the next 4 quarters and it will increase as we go through the year; it's sitting at close to $16 billion right now and so I think -- and you look at the product RPO growth in the quarter was up 18%, so I think that's actually being successful. I just think the hardware part of the business had suffered the most a year ago. And so, I think it's just coming back strong, and we're -- but I actually think that we're actually making great progress on the software side, so I'm not concerned about it. I obviously would like for it to go faster, but I think it's -- if I look at what we're pulling off the balance sheet today and revenue versus what we were 6 years ago, it's seriously meaningful.
Chuck Robbins: And, Tal, we're also -- if you think about the franchise wins that we're having in the cloud webscale players, those are like recurring revenue models because you're in until the next transition, just like we were out before, so that's another reason that -- if you look at software as a percentage of total revenue, as we continue to make progress there, I think software is going to grow and we hope to be growing both sides of it to be candid.
Chuck Robbins: It's a really good question, I think first of all, they are -- I think they are executing ahead of what we expected from a numbers perspective. So that's first and foremost. And then secondly, I think just the work the teams are doing to continue to deliver on the innovation, there's work going on between the silicon and optics teams today. We're winning new franchises. I just think, it's just been a great partnership since they've been onboard. Scott, anything to add.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Samik. My answer is pretty quick. We're not seeing any impact from it, but we're clearly monitoring it. We live in -- we are in such a dynamic world right now. And you see what's happening in some places in Europe, but we actually saw acceleration in the last 90 days.
Chuck Robbins: constraints began to clear up earlier in the second half, we'll be toward the high end; if it's later in the second half, we'll be toward the low end. The real difficult question to answer is where in the second half do, we really see that starting to clear up. What we have seen is stabilization. It did deteriorate earlier in the first quarter. As the quarter went on, I mentioned earlier, we saw signs of stabilization and we also have great visibility coming from what's in RPO. It's going to creep into our revenue stream in the second half and knowing very clearly what's in the backlog, so we know exactly which components to go chase to build that out. So confident in the full year. The question of when this all clears up in the second half is really what's going to dictate whether we're more towards the high end or more towards the low end.
Chuck Robbins: Alright. Let me let me just wrap up by thanking all of you for spending time with us today and just saying, I'm really proud of what the teams have accomplished. It's incredibly complex environment. When you look at -- we delivered 8% revenue growth, 8% non-GAAP EPS, all three geographies, product bookings over 30%. ARR growing to $21.6 billion double-digits, RPO at $30.1 billion double-digits. I really am just pleased with what the teams have done. It was truly a great quarter in a very complicated time. Large backlog in our history, it will ship and combine that with our RPO when we feel good about where we're headed, we will continue to plan and work hard on navigating these component issues and our supply chain team continues to work night and day to do that. We feel good still about our annual guidance and I have a lot of confidence about where we are with our innovation and with the Company in general. So, thanks for spending time with us, and we'll talk to you next time.
