Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Samik. As I said in the opening comments, there are three factors really that are affecting demand, first of all. As we ship more of our backlog, our customers are digesting what they've ordered. Secondly, as our lead times come down, which our lead times have come down 40% over the last two quarters on a weighted basis, so it really eliminates the need for customers to order significantly in advance as they had been and then obviously, the macro conditions. When I talk about sequentials, as I've said, the year-over-years are just so hard to figure out that we've said the real thing we're looking for relative to whether we're seeing a momentum shift in the business is, are the sequentials in line. And as I've said the last couple of quarters and this quarter as well, the sequentials were operating at or slightly below the low-end of our historical ranges. So I wouldn't say it's robust, but it's still within the range or slightly below. And as we look at Q4, we actually expect our sequentials to be in line with what we've seen historically. So our view based on what we see today is that we can still deliver positive growth in fiscal year 2024, even on top of the good growth year we had this year. I'll make one other point. If you go back to September 2021 when we had our analyst conference, we actually laid out long-term top line growth of 5% to 7%, long-term EPS growth of 5% to 7%. If you move to the end of fiscal 2024 based on what we see today, we will be in that range from a CAGR perspective on a revenue perspective, and we'll be above that range from an EPS perspective during that same time period.
Chuck Robbins: I'm sorry, David, could you repeat that second part, the numbers you had there? I didn't catch them.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Meta. So the trends by segment, I think if you think about the three factors that I described, one is customers needing to digest the shipments that we're shipping out. And secondly, as our lead times come down significantly, they don't need to order as far in advance. And if you think about who the customers are that have the most visibility and have done most of the advanced ordering, it's going to be large enterprises and service providers and webscale providers. And so from a segment perspective, I think the predominant issue we're seeing in the service provider space, which, by the way, contributed to 41% of the overall year-over-year decline, came from the SP space, which is less than 20% of our total revenue. So it had an outsized impact on our overall year-over-year decline. I would say in the enterprise, there's large enterprises that are dealing with the same issues and are facing – and are doing the same thing. They're digesting the equipment, and they're not needing to order as far ahead. We're also seeing the same things that you've heard from others. We're seeing elongated sales cycles. We're seeing more signatures required. But in general, we're getting the signatures, but they are taking a little longer. And then as it relates to the technology trends and what our customers are focused on, the good news for us is that if you think about every customer on the planet is basically has five key priorities that we actually align to. One is they're re-architecting for this multi-cloud world. They're trying to figure out hybrid work. They're rebuilding their entire application strategy and re-architecting their applications. They're rebuilding their cyber footprint because of all this distributed nature of what they're doing now, and they're focused on sustainability. And our technology plays across all of those very important areas, and we're working very hard with all of our customers in all of those spaces. And then the final one, I think, that's on everybody's mind is artificial intelligence or generative AI. And I would say in the webscale space, over the next five years, the market opportunity – well, the entire market opportunity for AI infrastructure is estimated to be at $8.5 billion by 2027, growing at about 40% CAGR from where it was. As I said in my opening comments, we're already installed as a networking infrastructure for some of these early AI models that the webscalers are running. If you think about where we were at the beginning of the webscale build-out a decade ago, I said many times on these calls that we were not prepared, and we got left out. And I would say this time for this AI infrastructure from a networking perspective, I believe we are better positioned than anybody else, and our teams have done a great job getting us into this position, and we see that as a massive opportunity.
Chuck Robbins: No, we did not see any of that. In fact, we've been fulfilling all the request. There are certain projects that our teams have been working on that they have delayed, but those are around new orders, not around what's in the backlog. I think a lot of that is because there's so much focus now on building out the AI infrastructure for each of them, and so that's really what we see happening, and it's an area that we've had lots of design wins. We continue to get design wins, and it's an area where we believe that we'll continue to gain market share.
Chuck Robbins: And then I'd say on the security front, I think I've been – we've talked about this on several calls, and we've hired new leadership team. The team is doing a phenomenal job. We had a big announcement recently at RSA where we launched an XDR platform that actually is one of the first that actually ingests data from our competitors and our partners across the industry. And at Cisco Live in a couple of weeks, we're going to make the next wave of announcements around some new innovation. And so I think we've acknowledged that we needed to get this – these new technologies out, and I think that they're coming out with unique differentiation to Cisco. And I think that's over the next – when you look out sort of the second half of next fiscal year, I think you'll see security really be accelerating into a growth driver for us.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Michael. Well, when I said that Q4, we see normal sequentials from Q3, that just means they're in the range of the historical ranges that we've seen from high to low. So it's not like an anomaly. It's not going to be significantly higher or significantly lower based on what we see today. We think that the digestion issue and the lead time stuff, we're estimating right now that most of that stuff gets washed out by the middle of next fiscal year. So we think to really get back to where you see normalized sort of ordering patterns and normalized backlog, we think that's probably going to be the second half of fiscal 2024.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. So on a specific hyperscaler situation, we've been winning and displacing or becoming a second vendor in existing architectures for the last couple of years. And then we're winning new franchises around. These AI networks, in many cases, are brand new, and we're actually winning some of them as well. And so as you think about AI, I think it's important to understand the underlying technology. And just quickly, today, what's largely used is something called InfiniBand. And we see that our – the webscalers are – they have a desire to move to Ethernet and then further to this new technology that we actually have out called Scheduled Fabric. And we support both Ethernet and Scheduled Fabric, and we think we're leading in this space. And it actually increases the – I'd say, makes these networks run more effectively and more efficiently. And so those are some of the reasons we're winning. But it's just – it's a very big opportunity over the next five, six, seven years.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, it's interesting. Back four, five, six quarters ago, I said we see this huge bookings and revenues running at a much lower level. And I said there will be an inflection point, where revenue will run much higher than bookings. But it's – so it's playing out exactly as we expected. Now there is the added dynamic of sort of the macro uncertainty that people are certainly concerned about. What we're looking for is to see, again, if there is a significant shift in momentum from one quarter to the next, which is one of the sequential thing we watch. We watched it for 20 years, and it really helps us see what's going on. And I think we're just going to have to – what we're telling you right now is based on what we see today. And when we look out at FY2024 and the commentary we made about showing positive growth on a high growth year that we're having this year, it's based on, as Scott said, on backlog, on RPO, and it's based on the visibility that our sales teams have right now and what their expectations are for orders over the next 12 months.
Chuck Robbins: That's a really good data point, Scott. And I think if you go back eight or 10 years ago, in any given quarter, we would have to take orders for as much as 75% of our revenue in the quarter. And that's certainly not the case today, so that actually helps us as we try to model these – model out FY2024.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Marilyn. In closing, I want to thank everybody for spending time with us today, first of all. I'm super proud of our results. I think our teams are executing very well. I'm proud of the record results that we had this quarter. I'm also really proud that we're seeing what we also said, which is the market share gains come through that we had talked about. We've been asked on several calls about market share. And in the reports that we expect to be coming out very soon, we have meaningful share gains that, I think, you'll see in campus switching, SD branch routing, wireless LAN, SP routing, some of our absolute biggest markets, which reflect the relevance of our technology to our customers right now. I'm really proud that looking at FY2024. We still see growth on a strong double-digit growth year and also growing earnings per share faster than we are revenue. And our teams are committed to delivering on our commitments, and we look forward to spending time with you 90 days from now. So thanks for being with us.
Scott Herren: No. I think you touched on the key points. We will continue to invest in growth. But we also – as you've seen in the last two years, you've seen us do this, grow the bottom line faster than the top line in fiscal 2022 and at the midpoint of our guide for fiscal 2023. And as we look ahead, it's a time to be prudent, and so we see that happening again in fiscal 2024.
Scott Herren: Yes. Simon, thanks for the question. That's something that you've seen us do in the past. It's more a reflection of interest rates jumping up to 5%. Our customers needing to get their hands on technology to continue to advance their own strategies and us just putting our balance sheet to work a bit. It's not more complicated than that.
Scott Herren: Yes, sure. Just on the math you're trying to do, David, I think you're in the right ballpark. What I'd say, obviously, I don't want to get into being too precise on fiscal 2024 yet since it's only our Q3 call. But bear in mind, that's growth on fiscal 2024 on top of at the midpoint of our guide for fiscal 2023, 10.2% growth in fiscal 2023. The last time we had double-digit revenue growth for a full-year was back in 2012 in the bounce back of the – from the global financial crisis. So it's a very strong year this year, and we see a modest level of growth on top of that.
Scott Herren: Yes. I guess where I'd start is the biggest factor driving the growth for this year is the huge amount of demand we've had from our customers that's been sitting in backlog as we've worked our way through some of the supply issues. If you ask what's driving the growth, it's that, it's end-user demand. When you start to peel back to the mechanics of how that got put together, a lot of it is our ability to – based on a lot of hard work actually from both the engineering team and the supply chain team to free up some of the component supply issues that we've had that's allowed us to work through some of the backlog. We're not finished. There's still supply constraints. We think we end the year. Just like we said last quarter, we end the year with still with roughly double what our normal backlog would be, but we've made great strides on that front. Price has been a positive for us. As we said earlier, there's a – as we work our way through the backlog, more of the orders that we received prior to those price actions that we took last year have been delivered now. And so we are seeing – you'll see this when we publish our Q, about one point of benefit from price.
Scott Herren: Yes, Sami, you see the midpoint of the guide we gave on gross margin for Q4. We've seen significant progress on gross margin through the year. I mean the product gross margin grew 240 basis points sequentially. That said, I think we're about to the point where we're lapping some of the benefits of the price increases. So there may be a little more room in gross margin sequentially. But if you look at the average for the year next year, of course, if you remember the first quarter of this year, we had a pretty significant impact in gross margin. So the average for the full-year will definitely go up, right, as we say, if we keep it this same glide path through fiscal 2024.
Scott Herren: Yes. If we start on fiscal 2024. I think there's a few things, Matt, to keep in mind before we start talking about macro. We're rolling into the year with a backlog that's roughly double what would be normal. And that's really just a function of kind of the continuing supply constraints that are definitely improving, and that's why you see some of the strength that we've shown in this quarter and in our guide for next quarter, but they're not done. I do see those normalizing sometime midyear. By the second half of the year, we should be through most of the backlog. The second is the absorption factor. We think that with the lead times normalizing and working through the backlog, the absorption factor also probably gets itself work through to next year by around midyear of next year. So – but when you roll into the year with $32 billion of RPO, which is where we are today, $17 billion of that being current with almost $24 billion of ARR, which drives a huge renewal opportunity for us next year and with backlog, it takes a lot of pressure off of what needs to happen from a macro standpoint.
Scott Herren: Sure, Michael. If you look at – you really have to look at the sum of those two collectively because purchase commitments are there, they're firm commitments that we've made to take on inventory. So the line between what's in purchase commitments and what's actually on our balance sheet is pretty great. When you add those two together and look back over the last three quarters, we've worked down about $3 billion worth of the combination of inventory on hand and the purchase commitment. So I think the team has done a really nice job balancing, ensuring we have supply to continue to work our way through the backlog, and at the same time, minimizing the risk that we have too much inventory.
Scott Herren: Yes. Just to add a little bit of that, Amit, a little bit more to that. When you add up between what will be current RPO that will turn into revenue during fiscal 2024, plus the backlog normalizing, which will be a tailwind, plus the renewal opportunity of what's not in RPO today, but sitting in ARR today, round number is somewhere between 40% and 50% of that revenue for next year is contained in those three lines, right? It's either orders that are in-house and sitting in RPO or sitting in backlog or renewal opportunities that we have a chance to go out and renew this year. So when I said it takes a lot of pressure off of macro, it's a strong position to be in, rolling into next year with that much of it either already in-house or sitting as renewal opportunities for us.
