Melissa Selcher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 87th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa and I'm joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Gary Moore, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The Q1 fiscal year 2012 press release is on U.S. high tech market wire and on the Cisco website at newsroom.cisco.com. I'd like to remind you that we have corresponding webcast with slides. In those slides, you will find financial information that we cover during this conference call, as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you may find helpful. Additionally, downloadable Q1 financial statements will be available following the call in the Investor Relations section of our website, including revenue by geographic segments, as well as product category. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet and cash flow statements can also be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides in these documents. A replay of this call will be available via telephone from November 9 through November 20, at (866)493-8039 or (203)369-1749 for international callers. A webcast replay is available from November 9 through January 20, on Cisco's Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. Throughout this conference call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The financial results in the press release are unaudited. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Specifically, the most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and in applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. As we start the fiscal year, I wanted to identify some reporting changes that are reflected in our commentary. We have included the details of the changes in the slides, and we will provide reclassified historical financial information as applicable, on our website following this call.  As we discussed in our last earnings call, we transitioned our region reporting from 4 geographic regions to 3. As a reminder, the 3 regions are the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, Japan and China or APJC. Our geographies continue to be the primary way we run the business. We've also updated our product revenue reporting to better align with our 5 foundational priorities. Expect that this enhanced reporting will be helpful to investors. This change provides revenue reporting for a number of components of our prior new products category.  Effective this quarter, we are providing total revenue and year-over-year growth disclosures, switching, next-generation or NGN routing; collaboration; security; wireless; service provider video; data center and other products. There are also certain reclassifications which are outlined in the slides that accompany this call. I'll now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Thank you, John. We will now open the floor to Q&A. We still request that sell-side analysts, please ask only one question. Operator, please open the floor to questions.
Melissa Selcher: Okay, thanks, John, and Frank and Gary. Cisco's next quarterly conference call which, will reflect our second quarter fiscal 2012 results, will be on Wednesday, February 8, 2012 at 1:30 Pacific time, 4:30 Eastern time. Additionally, downloadable Q1 FY '12 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue by geography and product categories. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions for this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
John T. Chambers: Thank you, Frank and nice job. Moving forward, we would like to provide some perspective on Q2 and our momentum going into the rest of fiscal year '12. We believe our vision strategy and financial strength, broad architectural portfolio, as well as our culture that accepts change, position us well for growth. We have always used these market transitions to make bold and decisive decisions, and then to execute in a way that further extends our leadership versus our peers.  To have your order growth accelerate in Q4, and then again in Q1, with the global economic challenges we've all seen, while simultaneously making all the internal organizations of each function in Cisco and priority changes, points to pretty solid execution. Rob, I wanted to congratulate you, Rob Lloyd, especially on the sales and the momentum, and Gary, just an excellent job on the operational changes and the improvements.
John T. Chambers: Very welcome, nice job. In every major market transition, we have historically emerged even stronger, with more market share and intense targeted focus. In our opinion, we are well on our way to doing this once again. You will continue to see us move very aggressively, to pull away from our competitors, as they adjust to these market challenges. Having already made these changes, both in cost, as well as organization changes lining how our customers buy, this is also, in our opinion, a major competitive advantage.  Our challenges last year caused us to make some needed changes. But as you would expect from Cisco, we will not stop here. We will be aggressively continuing to change and transform and stimulate our Cisco entrepreneurial spirit, through the combination of innovation and operational excellence. At the same time, we will maintain our laser focus on creating value for our shareholders, customers, partners and employees. You will continue to see us very focused, agile, aggressive and a lean Cisco moving forward.  Our goal over the past 2, 3 quarters was to simplify our operation model and focus on our organization. Our customers had validated that we have done just that. They understand the values that Cisco's franchise delivers to them.  This is a key point, and perhaps, the second key takeaway from the call in terms of the transition going on. Information technology is clearly moving to business technology. We are seeing that across all industries and geographies. At the heart of this transition, our intelligent networks, which drive new businesses, revenues and consumption models, enable new customer and employee experiences and drive efficiencies. Cisco's leadership and networking, video, collaboration and the cloud, all put together in an integrated architectural approach, uniquely position Cisco as our customer's strategic business partner.  I want to thank our employees, our Cisco family for the speed and willingness to change that has positioned us to move with our customers and drive value for our shareholders. I know it has not been easy, but you have executed and adapted to these changes and opportunities extremely well, and that more than anything, embodies the Cisco franchise. Our ability to emerge quickly, stronger and more driven, as we have in the past, and as our Q1 results certainly reflect our improvement at this time.  Make no mistake about it, all of these efforts are putting in place our focus on driving shareholder value, while continuing to stay focused on the success of our customers, employees and partners. I want to thank our shareholders, employees, customers and partners, as we transition to reinvigorated Cisco, the aggressive, the focused, the simplified Cisco you have come to expect over the years.  Mel, let me turn it over to you.
John T. Chambers: It's a key question. I thought that might be one of the couple, because I think it's a very indicative of a key takeaway. Our quarter linearity, month-by-month, was almost identical to what we would see every month in prior Q1s. And without getting too specific, if you kind of think of it, the first month, 22% to 24%; the second month 28% to 30% of your business; the third month, let's say 46% to 48%, we're right in the middle of that across-the-board. So linearity was extremely good, and it occurred almost every week, Frank. As we watched the numbers, Rob's linearity, his accuracy was really good. Gary, the same thing with the services numbers.
John T. Chambers: Sure. So it was, I think, a major accomplishment in terms of our switching margins being back to where they were a year ago. And candidly, our order momentum and revenues back to double-digit in terms of the orders this quarter for switching. The progress, we still have room for improvement especially on the high end of our 7000. But as we said on the other segments of the Nexus and with the Cat 2 and Cat 3 switching products, very, very good. And we'll continue to stay focused on those. We saw progress in the UCS segment combined with the Nexus 2000 to 5000 of about 2 to 3 points, although the UCS clearly is at a dramatically-lower gross margins than our core traditional business. The elements that you're talking about, it'd be easy to say it's mix, but we need to do a better job, Gary, I think in the routing margins, I think Penn College is on board on that. And the routing margins, in part because of the orders in China, which will be spread over Q1 and Q2, very aggressive as you can imagine with our key competitor there. I think we need to continuously focus on that. And that's what we're really talking about with operational excellence, and not just making a transaction stop. It's continuing along that line, and making this part of our DNA Gary in consistency, in terms of the direction. The other issue is everyone in the company is now focused on gross margins. Our sales people get paid for the first time, you can probably say, we should've done it earlier, on total profit contribution of their regions. And so you see Chuck, and you see Chris, and you see Edzard focusing on their gross margins, as well as their bookings revenues, and really focus on the discounts. We see very good involvement in terms of -- we're getting much faster on being easier to do business with. But in our contract negotiations, you see the same thing. So it's a combination, Simona. I'd say, good job in a couple areas, several areas, we have to do better, then we've got to build on our basic DNA, because there's always been mix changes.
John T. Chambers: Yes. The answer to the very last part of revenue base in which we can build upon. When you look for book-to-bill of 1, and normally, our experience has been revenues grow about 1% less than our booking growth does, because last year's Q1, product revenue grew at 21% and product orders grew at 10%. You had that 10 to 11-point delta talked about before, which calls the skew of a 3% product revenue growth for this quarter and a 13% product order growth. So it is almost mathematically right on the number. And you're right as you move into Q2 and Q3 and Q4, you've got much more of a normal correlation on it. And you've got your backlog and inventory where you want it to be, as you go into these in terms of momentum and predictability, Mark.
John T. Chambers: Yes. It's one that I ask in every single meeting. With many of our large companies, their budgets going to be up a little bit more than I anticipate. I was thinking it's going to be flat to down. With the average enterprise customer, when I do the polling, it's going to be probably flat to slightly down. Commercial, their business is good and they see their payback, they're going to spend within it. Service providers will probably spend a ratio, maybe of 2x to 3x what they are going to spend in terms of their actual own revenue growth type of opportunities. And I think most CEOs are going to do exactly what we're going to do here, like Gary and I and Frank will do, which is we'll start with a conservative budget, and then we'll see how the year develops in terms of the balance. So therefore, if we're going to grow to the indirect part of your question, Brian, this is where you've got to move in to really meeting their business needs. For those that really talk about cost control, we're able to go in and say, "Here's what you can do on cost of ownership, and a data center built by Cisco with UCS and the Nexus to partner with EMC and our VCE correlation there. You can really take cost of ownership as they do these consolidations, down by as much as 50%, 60%, 70%. You can combine networks and architectures for those customers that are in the productivity. We can talk about how collaboration really enables productivity and completely change the business models. For video, you can talk about where you're going in terms of that approach, and maybe a good example of that to kind of bring it to life for you, would be what we did this last week with -- for Virginia. A really, an area where state government and higher education came together, so the governor of Virginia with the 4 presidents of the 4 top universities in Virginia, came together were saying, how do they share teaching capabilities, how do they get another 100,000 degrees out over the next certain number of years, how do they place their state in a better competitive advantage? We did it over TelePresence. We did the announcements in 4 or 5 different locations. But the press really got what we accomplished on it. As we did that, the savings to Virginia, in terms of education costs would have more effective use of their teachers, with the creativity of collaboration among 4 university presence, which I think, is a good model for the rest of the country, with the governor saying, "I'm going to fund this." And as you can imagine, there was not a single discussion about routing and switching. It was all how does video change education, how do you use Medianet to be able to make the video really usable, how do you bring it not just to each classroom or each dormitory, but how do you bring it to the home, how you make the state more competitive. When you play at that level, you're going to get people spending money with you, even in very, very tight times. That's what we're trying to accomplish. So a nice way of saying, we're trying to get a larger share of spend, and moving to areas such as the data center consolidations or such as collaboration of video, where we haven't been as heavy before.
John T. Chambers: Sure. I think starting with your basic assumption that service providers will spend money if you can help them do any of the 4 goals that I mentioned. And the fifth goal was to cut their operating costs. We're in a sweet spot to be able to do all 5 of those with service providers. So the conversation in most of the service providers, it doesn't matter if it's NTT or KT or Telstra or AT&T or Verizon or Deutsche Telekom, it isn't about an RFP on the router capability, it is about how do you help them achieve their goals, in terms of new revenues, in terms of better productivity, in terms of entertainment, in terms of achieving the mobility. How do you help them charge for the over-the-top type of capabilities? How do you help them cut their support costs down? We're in those discussions across-the-board with most all of the players. And there are only 2 real players that can bring entertainment video in a major way to us, and we got very lucky that Motorola got purchased by Google. So all of a sudden, you have major service providers saying, "Cisco, we see you now even more important in terms of the partnership and the direction on it." The third element is candidly, we're just beating our competition. We are more aggressive on the competition, we are going to be tough on our competitors, whether they are Juniper or HP and Huawei and Avaya, and it's something that I think, we were a little bit to general on in the past. We are seeing some pretty aggressive measures, including companies offering networks for free to our customers, and we're handling that pretty well as Gary and Frank alluded to, in terms of the commonality of the market. Now service provider, we've never had 2 back-to-back orders like we've had in the high teens, in a very, very long time. So it does tend to be, using your words, a little bit, lumpy. But the relationships are solid and that's exactly what we announced with KT, and that's exactly what you saw in Japan and what we're doing a better and better job in the U.S. And then we got lucky in some of the combinations. I think you're going to see a consolidation in this market. The customers clearly understand that. They clearly understand the value we bring to them, and we are aligned one-for-one with the service providers. We don't compete against them. They need smart, consistent networks. That's something IBM and HP does not provide. They actually compete with them. So right spot, right time. Our bet on service providers in all ways, including set-tops are working out for us. We're getting better at translating technology to business applications, still have a ways to go on that. And Gary, the advance services on this, plays a huge role. In terms of that, you might want to spend a moment on the advance services, how key they are, both in service providers and the enterprise, and achieving our goals.
John T. Chambers: Also, the growth numbers, as you alluded to, in the service provider environment are very strong, both with the CRES in terms of the high end. As we talked about it, growth was literally, I think in revenues were over 30%, but we saw very good progress and we're starting to get our portfolio place going after long palette situations on the mobile edge with the ASR 5000 and on a fixed edge with the ASR 9000. They grew respectively in terms of bookings at 17% and 75% level. Our challenge in enterprise routing at the low end, where low-end routing is actually folding into many other different ways of accomplishing the same goal. I think this is one of the challenges we have. We have a good team on it, Gary and we're talking about how we put more functionality in. That when you look for the growth, the actual growth and service provider is dramatically higher than the number we used, it's being pulled down by enterprise access routing, and that's more not of a product-to-product comparison, more of an architecture decision, that I think we need to focus on a little bit more.
John T. Chambers: Sure. If you look, the Cat 6500, as we said before, has literally, great gross margins. And it has been probably, the best utility product we've had, maybe ever at Cisco in terms of its staying power. And with the new line cards, what we did with our customers very effectively is, we said, "You can take what you have and just upgrade to additional functionality and capacity." So we gave our customers that capability and flexibility where they didn't have to move to the next generation of switches if they didn't want to, or they can move them to different places in the networks in terms of direction. In terms of what we're seeing with that, it is very solid, I'm looking at the numbers right now in terms of gross margins, good improvements in each category that the Cats 2000 and 3000 were already there. I still -- we still have a way to go with the 7000 in terms of margins, although I mentioned, it was a good improvement capability. And the Cat 6000, I think it speaks to an architectural advantage. That probably took some wind out of some of our competitors' sales. The other issue that you all know, as we made it really hard on a good but a new startup that we intend to beat, in low latency, and we've got very competitive product leadership back and taking those accounts back. So you're seeing us very focused, even on companies that might only be generating $20 million a quarter, we're going to have product leadership in switching across-the-board. We are going to lead in the switching market. We're going to be tough there.
John T. Chambers: Okay. So in several categories, first, as you already know, I don't believe in giving anything away, and we don't lead with price. We lead with the value, we lead with architectures, we lead with the capabilities. So the first way we address the pricing pressure is if you're able to help a customer dramatically reduce their cost, focus on collaboration, which is the biggest productivity tool in the CEOs of large financial institutions, as an example know that, you're finding financial institutions just standardized on us. And when you look at us in terms of our collaboration capability, guess what, it's all switching through and routing for in a big way. You begin to put video on top of that, and every one of our major routers and switches now is capable of Medianet, and as customers think about how does video play out, they see where that occurs. Then we move straight past talking about selling switches or routers in this "competitive situation," we talk about how we can help achieve your productivity goals or how we can help in terms of achieve your education goals, or your new revenue generation goals. And if you can save a point off of productivity, or if you can take their savings by several hundred million dollars down, they're not going to argue about a couple of extra points. That's also a way we've learned to do a very good job, depending on our competitors that just good enough is not just good enough, it just doesn't hunt. And the ability to forward this in, in terms of where the architecture is going, and we're going after HP, very aggressive on that, and we've learned how to compete with that, I think and in a very effective way. We have to take on Huawei in China. We can't let them make their profits in China and then, do a breakeven around the rest of the world. And we are very competitive in China, and Owen Chang is doing an amazing job there in terms of taking on some competitors on their home turf, but also partnering with other players. And don't be surprised if you see us partner with more Chinese players, in a win-win type of fashion. You are seeing some aggressive acts maybe in some acts of desperation by some people to try to get orders. We have seen complete offers for a network to be given away. So you are seeing some aggressiveness in that. Huawei will always compete on price, they're going to be tough on us the long run. They're probably the one that will be our toughest competitor 4 to 5 years out, if we make our transition right. And I think if we do our job right, just see us pull away from the single-product-type vendors, as this becomes more of an architectural play and work and you saw my business type of play. Nice way of saying, I think we're handling this much better than before. And I think we're also getting volumes in these new switching products, which hopefully, get some gross margin improvement too.
John T. Chambers: Well if you think, and then you about our guiding, when we just said at the financial conference our long-term goal of 5% to 7%, to be forecasted in 7% to 8% year-over-year growth, with the economic challenges we see with Europe, with public sectors spending down India, that's pretty aggressive, giving guidance. And I think if you would look in terms of sequence-wise, if we continue to get the numbers, then we're talking about year-over-year, it does play out very much in terms of the quarter-by-quarter scenario you talked about. I'd be careful about going that out too far in Q3 and Q4 in terms of the direction. But if you watch the numbers, 7% to 8% in Q2, we continue to do well as we look out in the future, then I think you will see the normal sequential numbers for those single digit type of growth numbers. And I'm not forecasting what we're going to do the second half of the year, I'm clearly talking about trend. Nice way of saying, John, I think that this forecast is pretty aggressive and we are looking at book-to-bill kind of in the 1 range if we do it right.
John T. Chambers: We're going to make it hard on them in the U.S. and we're going to be very tough. We do have as you know, the #1 relationship with our channels. We're usually the most profitable or very high profits in each of our channel partners. We are a channel-driven company "period" in terms of our direction. And we've learned to, with our partners, be able to articulate the advantages in terms of the importance of intellectual property, the importance of integrity in terms of how we do deals and the partnership that we've had for many years. When you see the growth numbers in the enterprise and the commercial, like you saw this last quarter and the quarter before, it means we're doing extremely well here. But repeating the same thing. They're going to be a tough competitor. We're just going to try to make it as tough as we can on them, and we plan to beat them. But they'll be around 4 or 5 years from now.
John T. Chambers: Sure. Brian, if we do our job right, it will help protect our traditional margins, but in a different way than you said, and I would never think of it as standalone. If it's standalone, we don't bring our competitive advantages. What I've asked the team to do is to put security into every ASICS, every product, every software capability, to bring that together in a way that no one else can. Because we have the nodes across the network, the background of the Internet, the capability to do this and the trust by many groups, and we get to see what is occurring. Security to me should be the best architectural play that we can differentiate ourselves on. SecureX is a good step, but it's got a long way to go. The security numbers this quarter weren't bad. They were up a little bit and you probably saw it in one of your slides in terms of the improvement. But I think we have a long ways to go here. Chris Young, our new addition to leading this, is world-class in security and we were very fortunate to get him, and our partner was kind enough to let us get him in terms of that, and I think you will see he will put his mark on this organization very quickly, and at a different level of intensity. So very important, not standalone. When you provide the best security and you can provide the best video strategy with a video capabilities already built into your product such as Medianet, and you can provide the best wireless strategy, and you can tie that to the cloud and the best architectures in the virtual data center, and you combine that with being able to bring these to any devices in your customer's networks, and then you say, "Here's how this architecture solves the business problem. And by the way, you're betting your future on this, it better be secure."We have huge advantages, we'll begin to do that. But we've got to get much more of an integrated product. Our products are still architecturally headed the right way, but still a 2-piece meal in terms of its delivery today. And I'm counting on Chris in a big way to take that next step.
John T. Chambers: Got you. So this will be the last question, Mel has informed me. I get to be the CEO sometimes, but not on time. The financial vertical is one that you're very much aware of, is under tremendous regulatory pressure and candidly, profit pressure. In terms of the balance around the world, it is one that does move up and down pretty dramatically. What we saw this last quarter in our large financials, especially here in the U.S. was actually a very good quarter. We think this next quarter is going to be a little bit tougher on it, because of the capital spend issues that you're probably very much aware of, Brian. In terms of what we're trying to do, and I won't refer to the name of the company, but a very, very large financial institution in the U.S., we're aligning at the hip in terms of how we do collaboration together and how we change their relationship with both their financial advisors to their customers, the relationships in the branch, how they get the productivity on collaboration, et cetera. And so what you're going to see us, is try to talk about share wallet spend, and align with their business goals in terms of how they create new revenues, how they make up for lost profits, because of regulatory issues, et cetera, within it. The financial institutions over in Asia are obviously stronger in terms of the purchasing capability. And in Europe, it's tight as you would expect. But you begin to get into the Middle East, and you begin to get into Russia and Africa, it's a good vertical for us. And often, very much a leading edge indicator. We're probably doing a better job of getting closer to our financial institutions over the last year, Gary, I would say than the years 2 or 3 before that. They're starting to drive our direction more, but they're going through some tough times. And so I think you will see it would be sporadic by quarter and sporadic by geographic region. With that, Mel is telling me that we're done. I want to thank you for taking the time today. We've tried to be even more transparent and candid on what we're seeing. We'll try to tell you both the good, the bad and the ugly as we go through this, and we also want to be very upfront. The market transitions we went through over the last 2 to 3 quarters, I don't think any other company in the industry could've gone through and accelerated orders through that. So I think in terms of what we can control or influence, we're in very good shape. We don't take anything for granted, we've got to deliver full value for our shareholders everyday. We are all over productivity and gross margins, and value engineering and how we drive that. And at the same time, we really are getting very good and a little bit lucky, in terms of the market is evolving, as we started to build our architectures 10 years ago, as we started to combine products when nobody else thought you could combine products, and how, if you combine products, our customers sure doesn't want to have the #7 player, the #3 player, the #9 player, the #2 player, trying to integrate those products together from the cost of ownership perspective and from a services perspective and then, bet a large part of their future on it. So we're doing well on the architectural sales and business momentum. That's what we talked about in terms of IT moving to business technology. And at the heart of that, is intelligent networks. So thank you for the comments about the quarter. We're going to try to do better every quarter if we can. And with that, Mel, let me turn it over to you.
Frank A. Calderoni: And Nikos, you can also see that if you look at our DSO at 35 days, I think that was a good reflection of the improvement on DSO, because of the balance throughout the quarter.
Frank A. Calderoni: John, just really emphasizing the emphasis that we put on gross margin. Especially, with a focus on cost. As I mentioned, seeing the improvements in the first quarter, I know it's still early as far as FY '12, but seeing the improvements on the value engineering. And then also Simona, I think a much more stable markets across-the-board as it relates to the pricing environment, was helpful as well.
Frank A. Calderoni: Ittai, as far as you asked about China and gross margin. So when we talked about going into Q1, we had certain transactions in China that were affecting the margins for Q1. Those transactions actually end up splitting between shipping in the Q1, as well as Q2, so there's a little bit more of a balance, rather than as much of the full amount impacting us in the first quarter. That was factored into what we announced as far as Q1 and also factored into the guidance I gave for Q2. As far as going forward, I mean, we always are going to be looking at being competitive in China, and making sure that we see that as one of our areas of growth and we'll continue to watch go through that. The transactions that we've been talking about are more on the routing side, as John alluded to in the earlier question from the standpoint of even putting much more focus as we look at our routing portfolio, and dealing with some of the more balance of the business around the world, knowing that in China and other parts of the world, we have a different margin profile, from routing standpoint. But how we balance that and get some are efforts underway, to help improve the cost structure, similarly to what we've experienced over this past year on the switching site.
Frank A. Calderoni: Revenue. So Rod, the deferred revenue, as you know was up on a year-to-year basis, 16% in total. Product was up 14% and services was up 16%. On the services, a majority of that was related to multiyear transactions that we have. We normally see multi-year transactions at the end of our Q4 and the end of our Q2. Good news is, we had quite a few, Gary, in the first quarter, which is unusual that we've seen very strong. So that added to the deferred on the services side. And on the product side, a combination of -- we continue to see a good progress from certain transactions that become as a service. And as a service transactions are more annuity product transactions, that get amortized over a period of time so that was up in the quarter. And then the other thing is, as we look at larger transactions, larger transactions sometimes have acceptance criteria, and with the acceptance criteria, of course, that ends up having to be deferred. So we had a larger amount of those large transactions in the quarter, which drove the overall growth. I think that's a good indicator of having a good quarter from a revenue standpoint and then, also seeing a large amount of deferred, just bodes well for the future.
Frank A. Calderoni: Ehud, on the China transactions, as I alluded to earlier, so we factored them into the guidance for the full amount of the transaction, the 2 transactions in Q1. We did have some of them ship in Q1. More of it is going to be shipped in Q2. If I look at the balance, there's more in Q2 than in Q1, there was an impact, a negative impact to the margin in Q1 for that, which did ship. And to answer your question, we did make up for that delta with some of the other cost improvements that I mentioned earlier, as far as some of the value engineering and more specifically, as it relates to some of the switching-margin improvement that we saw in the quarter. In the second quarter again, factoring in how much is expected right now to ship in the second quarter, as far as the negative impact on margin, and then also, balancing some of the other cost benefits that we started to see in Q1 and some of that continuing to Q2.
Frank A. Calderoni: John, I just, as I said before in the prepared comments, we're taking this one quarter at a time. We're pleased with the performance in Q1, of course, good guidance for Q2. But with the backdrop of the macro environment, especially for the back half of the year, it's challenging at this point to kind of get too aggressive as far as expectations from that standpoint.
