Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Kim. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's second quarter fiscal 2018 quarterly earnings conference call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chairman and CEO and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings press release, a corresponding webcast with slides including supplemental information will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found in the financial information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic, and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be made on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements including the guidance we will be providing for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. With that I'll now turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Kelly. Kim, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. And while Kim is doing that, I'd like to go ahead and remind the audience that we ask that you ask one question so that we have plenty of time for others in the audience to address a question to both Chuck and Kelly.
Marilyn Mora: Great. Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our fiscal 2018 third quarter results, will be on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 1:30 PM Pacific Time, 4:30 PM Eastern Time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter, unless it is done so through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact the Cisco Investor Relations department, and we all thank you very much for joining today's call.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, it's a great question, Vijay. First of all, we're incredibly pleased with the early acceptance of this intent-based portfolio. I called out in my opening comments that this Catalyst 9000 is the fastest ramping product in our history, which is pretty impressive. I'd say it's fairly balanced across the geographic regions, probably pretty much in line with what percentage of the business they represent. But Kelly can validate that in just a moment. What I would tell you is that we have 3,100 customers who have adopted this platform. We obviously have the opportunity and we will extend the capabilities across the rest of our portfolio so that our customers who are driving automation can drive it across not only campus switching, but also routing, bringing the Viptela SD-WAN capabilities to play. We are integrating it backwards with ACI in the data center as well as within our security portfolio. So our strategy is to continue to enhance our customers' ability to drive intent across all of their technology areas as well as to gain context through analytics out of all of their technologies. So 3,100 customers so far. I think our total customer population is well over 800,000, so we obviously have room to run. And we also have seen it, I'd say, from a segment perspective, the commercial marketplace has been a great adopter of the technology. And what I would tell you is that the enterprises have been evaluating it because it represents a different architectural approach with automation and analytics and security built into the network. So, Kelly, comments on those.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, let me just make a comment on the overall sort of strategy with the attach, and then Kelly can talk a bit about the supply. James, our original plan was to deliver a subscription model on the switch, and we've been very pleased with the attach rate and the percentage of customers and dollars in that subscription category that are actually being attached to the advanced subscription, which really contains the automation and it contains the encrypted traffic analytics, and we'll continue to add more and more of the Assurance stuff that we just launched two weeks ago. So we wanted to create real value in that subscription so that our customers would believe that it was worthwhile, and I think we're seeing exactly that. So, Kelly, comments on demand and (19:18).
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, Paul, I appreciate the recognition we've been trying to be transparent about this. And we continue to make progress, and I put the comment in the opening comments for a reason, that we do continue to make progress. You see the announcements we've made with Google. I said a few quarters back that we were focused on 360 degree relationships with these, and we have more to bring and certainly we feel good about where we are. But we still have a lot of work to do. But I would say that every quarter, we're making progress.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, thanks, Tal. So we talked about this before, and this is happening in some of the big web-scale providers. And the great news for us is that we have several different product platforms that meet whatever need the customer is looking for. Because we have so many customers that will be looking at this transition at different paces, so for those customers that want to go now, we have platforms that address those. The NCS 5500, as an example, has been very well received. We've had routing capabilities in our switching platforms. And we have our Nexus portfolio that continues to perform very well for customers who are building the data center architectures that we've been focused on for the last two or three years. So I think that what I would say in summary on this one is that we're probably best positioned to meet the customer's need regardless of which architecture they're choosing and where they are in that transition. And that would be what we would plan on doing going forward as well.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes. And just on the percentage of product revenue that is coming from recurring, that was 6% just 10 quarters ago. So, and I think the raw number was up 34% year-over-year. So we're pleased with that. And then I completely forgot the second part of the question.
Charles H. Robbins: So it was pretty comprehensive, which I think, look, if we're honest, we've got some good new innovation in our portfolio. Obviously the economy is providing a little bit of a tailwind as well. But I think our teams are executing really well.
Charles H. Robbins: And so we're pleased with the progress that the teams have been driving. I think that we continue to see new customer adoption. We actually see a lot of the HyperFlex customers that don't overlap with UCS, so we have that opportunity to pull those together. So pleased with how the team is executing there for sure.
Charles H. Robbins: So, Jeff, maybe I could just give you sort of a general view on what we saw around the world, and then we'll talk a little bit about sort of the overall economy. We referenced it earlier, the global strength in commercial was something that we were very happy to see. In U.S., we actually saw strength in our federal business. We haven't talked about that today. Across Europe, Middle East, Africa, everything was positive except the SP business there. APJC was flat, but that was primarily driven by SP routing deals largely in China and Japan. So the rest of business, we were pleased with, particularly enterprise and commercial in APJC. And then the emerging markets continue to be somewhat volatile, but I think we saw slight growth this quarter as well. But from an overall economy perspective, look, we came out of The World Economic Forum. We read and see and talk to the same customers and everyone that you do. There's a great deal of confidence right now on a global basis, probably more consistent than we've seen in a very long time. So that's good, but we believe that we also have driven innovation in our core technologies in the enterprise that we have needed for a long time. And so I think that both of those are contributing to how we feel about it in addition to the strength across the rest of the portfolio. So we appreciate the strength in the economy, but we're also very pleased with the new innovation as well.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, I think it's a great question, Jason, and the rest of the businesses were generally pretty strong. So when we think about SP, obviously one of the key variables for us is continuing to make the progress that we've been making in the web-scale community. And that's a key focus area for us, as they're included in this business. So that's certainly number one. Number two, the consistency of CapEx coming from everyone in this space around the world will certainly be a contributor to the future performance. So, I think that's the other thing that we look for. And then, third, as we mentioned at the financial analyst conference, we're also working on some next-generation platforms that we think can help us here as well. So if I had to just pick three things, those are the ones that we're focused on, and we're going to take it quarter by quarter and keep executing in all of those areas to try to get that business moving in the right direction.
Charles H. Robbins: So with that, I just want to close by just thanking all of you for joining us today. We really appreciate you spending time with us. Appreciate the questions. And, Marilyn, I'll just turn it back to you to talk about our next call.
Kelly A. Kramer: No, just to add to that, you're correct. I mean the geography is split kind of in proportion, as you would expect. And across commercial, enterprise and public sector, it's fairly balanced as well. So it's just very broad-based adoption across the board. And again, we're very happy about the adoption of the more advanced software package on the Advantage. It's very heavily weighted towards that. So we're excited about that.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, no. I mean, I think I saw a couple of reports on that. I can tell you from a demand perspective, we're very excited about how quickly this demand has been. And with any new product launch, we're going to get orders in faster than we recognize them in revenue. That's normal. And I'd say this ramp is normal as well. We did not have any significant supply chain issues of any sort or any shortages on this product line as well. So it's really more just we have tons of demand and we're very happy to see how quickly the take-up is going.
Kelly A. Kramer: Sure. So just to follow up quickly on the supply and demand, yeah, as I said, it's not a supply constraint issue at all from our supply chain or parts shortages in any way. I mean, it literally is – we operate to lead times on our products and if we get a lot of orders in the last week or two of a quarter, when again, as this thing is just ramping every week, we fulfill to our lead times. So there's nothing anything more than that than just we have a lot of demand for the product. So I wouldn't expect any issues as you look forward. In terms of OpEx, Rod, as you know, we are very focused on driving efficiencies. The only thing that will change in our OpEx is we are adding BroadSoft, so in our guidance we will have obviously the revenue and the margin and the OpEx that comes with BroadSoft. But other than that, we are basically being very disciplined about where we're investing our R&D and making sure we're investing our R&D dollars in the best return projects. So you're going to see it move around if we do acquisitions, but otherwise we're going to be disciplined around that and invest when we can. And when we see margins go up, we're going to be investing as well. But otherwise, we're going to be managing that tightly like we have been.
Kelly A. Kramer: Hi. Okay. So, Paul, yes, let me address the gross margin rate question first. So, yes, we're very happy with our product gross margin rate. And as you and I talk about every quarter, we look at it in terms of what we're getting from price, what headwinds we're getting from price offset by what productivity. I would say this quarter we had a very, very effective price. We still had a price headwind, but it's at the lowest that it's been in many quarters. So it is less than – it's 1.3 points the way that you'll see it in the Q, Paul, so we're very pleased with that. We haven't been in that level for quite some time. I think maybe Q1 of 2017 we were close to that. But again, it shows the discipline between both our product management teams, as well as the sales force is being very disciplined about discounting. So we're happy there. We also made some improvements on our productivity, where our productivity this quarter is offsetting the price erosion. So that helped a lot. And then, when we get our infrastructure platforms of business going like we did, seeing that return to growth, that helps from a mix perspective. So basically, all three of those were very helpful to our gross margin rate this quarter. In terms of the web-scale question, Paul, I mean, we don't disclose that. It's not a huge number as we break out the broader company, but I will say that we are making some traction. I don't know, Chuck, if you want to add some comments to that.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, I mean the only anecdote I will add to this is I was at a customer, and I was actually at an investor meeting, and their CIO was talking about the new platform. And they were talking about DNA Center, which allows them to manage not just your switches but your newer versions of the enterprise routing and wireless. And the CIO had said I wish I had known that. I wouldn't have bought a competitor's wireless product. So again, I'm encouraged from the whole ecosystem, we're getting very positive feedback from our customers that way.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, yeah. So on the recurring revenue, we talked about again, we're up to 33% recurring revenue in total. Of that, again of the products, of the product side, of my product revenue, we are up to 13% is recurring. So again, that just continues to grow. That 13% is up over 3 points from what it was a year ago, so we continue to make progress. But 13% of our total product revenue is now recurring of which all of our revenue, 33% is.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, it was double digit in every region, and we were up in every single product category, sub product category.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, I mean, I think there is a couple pieces in there. Don't forget, I still have a very good dividend that I'm paying. I'm paying a $6 billion a year on the...
Kelly A. Kramer: If I look at it, I'm at a $34 billion net cash position right now. We've got the $66 billion we're bringing back. We've got the share buyback and the $31 billion we plan to try to utilize over the next 18 to 24 months. I'll still be in a net cash positive position of $10 billion to $12 billion without assuming anything else for acquisitions. And as you guys know, acquisitions are a critical part of our, and always has been of our overall strategy. So I'd say the way to think about it longer term is we're going to be consistent with what we've said, right, from a capital allocation perspective. We're going to continue to be looking for the acquisitions that we can drive value and drive growth with. We are going to continue to support the dividend and drive that up with earnings, like you saw us do today. And we're going to, again, give back cash now that we have – all of our cash basically is repatriated all the time now. We're going to be giving back to the shareholders through a healthy buyback, and I think we've got $30 billion to work through to do that. But we'll keep you updated as we go through this every quarter.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, no, so yeah, basically campus has been up. It's up in orders but from revenue, we're still slightly down, modestly down, from a revenue this quarter. And we saw strong growth on the data center side. But yes, the order side was very, very strong on campus. You'll see that flush through going forward.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes. I'll do the BroadSoft. So yes, so in Q2, like I mentioned, we had about 80 basis points of impact from acquisitions, which did not have BroadSoft. When I gave my Q3 guidance, overall inorganic impact bumps up another 0.5 point to about 130 basis points. So 1 full point is from inorganic. And for BroadSoft, just to remind everybody, when we do an acquisition and we bring it onto our balance sheet, obviously what deferred revenue they had ends up going through purchase accounting and gets a bit of a haircut. So the first quarter is going to be slightly less than what they were when they were a public company. But overall, it adds, we're at 130 basis points overall at the company level.
Kelly A. Kramer: On the revenue growth, we really do only guide one quarter at a time. But again, we are very, very encouraged with what we're seeing with the current portfolio of innovation, certainly in the switching portfolio. Both the data center side and the campus side are pacing well, and again we are going to keep executing through and we'll see how that goes. But we feel good about what we see next quarter of the 3% to 5% growth, and we're just going to keep working it from there.
