Scott Herren: Yes. Thanks, Rod. On starting with the gross margin, the impact you're seeing in the Q4 guide on gross margin is really driven by supply chain. It has a couple of elements to it. One is unit cost. So we've got and actually it was announced today from Gartner, we've got the number one supply chain team in the world, two years in a row. And that team has done a great job getting ahead of the issues that everyone in the industry is seeing. So with that, though, we've locked in both supply and pricing with some of the key component providers that we've got going ahead. That's what you see built into the margin guide and I think the supply chain issues will stay with us from what I can see at least through the end of this calendar year. On the OpEx side, it's a little bit different. When you look at the -- we're right on track, let me just start by saying, before you ask, we're right on track with the savings associated with the restructuring that we announced earlier this year, earlier this fiscal year. We said at the time we would reinvest some of that into the growth of the business overall, and that's what you see happening. So when you look at the year-on-year growth in OpEx, it's driven by the integration of the acquisitions that closed during the quarter, a little bit of a headwind from FX as the dollar has weakened and then the higher commissions given the robust strength of the top line. Commissions are up and reset at a variable comp plans. But that's what's driving it and I think the sustainability, to get to your point, is I expect to see some of these supply chain issues linger with us through the end of the calendar year, first half of our fiscal year.
Scott Herren: Yes. I think, Tal, when you look at the year-on-year, I think the context you need to put around that is the improving trend that we've seen. We've seen four to five now consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter improvement, and really, the improvements across-the-board. It's in each geo, and it's in each product line. So we're seeing continued improvement and that, obviously, bodes well for looking out at Q4 and into the future. I think the other thing that we've talked about the robust demand that we've had and you see the revenue that we printed in Q3. What you didn't see is we also built up a healthy backlog at this point. And so I think that coming into Q4, not only do we have a very high percentage of recurring revenue as, that we know will come into the revenue stream during Q4. We've got a sizable backlog at this point, of orders to fulfill, and we know exactly what's in the pipeline. So, really feel good about the sequential trend that we're seeing across the business.
Scott Herren: And Ittai, on your second question about the impact of acquisitions. We said in the opening commentary that for Q3, it was about 90 basis points of growth, and that was not part of our Q3 guide. They each closed during the quarter so we look ahead at Q4 of the revenue growth that we've let out there, about a point and a half is driven by the acquisitions, mostly driven by Acacia.
Scott Herren: Yes, I will. It is driven by supply chain and it comes in a couple of flavors. Having done the work that we've done to protect shipment to our customers, there are unit price increases, unit cost increases on certain components that's built into it. There's also increased expedite fees, again to ensure that we get the components in and we can get the product back out the door and a slight increase in freight. So it really is all tied to supply chain.
Scott Herren: Yes, that's right. Mix is definitely, as we continue to add more recurring revenue particularly around software, as you pointed out, but also our tech support services, those are higher gross margins. Those long term will be a tailwind to our gross margins. The supply chain issues obviously more than offset that. In terms of your question on software growth, the numbers that you're using are a little bit rounded, but you're on the right tread. We're seeing nice growth in software and in fact, mentioned that 81% now of that is driven by subscription and recurring revenue, so a 7-point improvement in the amount of that software revenue that's recurring. That is great news longer-term as you know, with recurring revenue particularly when it's ratable you see less of the impact upfront. So there's a bit of a bow wave, and you see it in the growth of our RPOs and the growth of our deferred revenue on product so each of those are growing. That's also a sign of the growth within our software product set. When you just do the quick math, right, we're now one of the biggest software companies in the world, right, north of $14 billion in software revenue. And I don't think anyone thinks of Cisco in those terms.
Scott Herren: No, the only thing I would add is when you compare us to some of our peers where we break out Enterprise versus Commercial many of them combine those two together.
Scott Herren: Yes. And then, once you normalize that out, you should think about the same normal rates you've been seeing.
Scott Herren: Yes. From a reported revenue standpoint, which I think is probably at least part of your question, Tim, we've got good visibility at this point, given the size of our backlog that we roll into Q4 with, as well as the amount of revenue that's now occurring that will come off the balance sheet. So you add those two together and then look at the -- we have a good feel obviously for what's in the pipeline at this point too. We have pretty good visibility at this point.
Scott Herren: Okay. And then, the concept is that once we get past these fairly ephemeral, in the grand scheme of things, supply challenges, then we should expect the gross margins to reflect the mix shift software and drift higher. That's the right way to think about it.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Hey, Rod, this is Chuck. I just want to add a little color to that. And as we began to realize that we were going to have the incremental costs, we had to make some decisions, and I think obviously, we do believe these are temporary. We'll have to see how long they last, but based on that and based on the fact that we are seeing such momentum in the business right now, we decided to continue to invest in the business to drive the growth that we are feeling right now. And when you see the balance of the growth across all the businesses, you see the regional balance it was balanced across the technology areas. It was balanced across segments. And then, you think about that in the context of some of these real major trends that are occurring that we're on the front end of, like the 400 gig transition, like the success we're having in Webscale, the Service Provider 5G build-out, the hybrid work and return to office, we talked about Wi-Fi 6 leading to campus switching, which we're seeing play out now and the Security business had a record quarter at a time where most every customer is suggesting that they're going to be spending more over the next 12 months in cybersecurity. So, we feel like it was prudent to continue to invest to meet the demand and deal with some of the short-term pain and then we think we'll get to the other side of it.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, a couple great questions. Number one, what we do know is that if we come to the conclusion that any of these cost increases or this inflation as you mentioned are going to be more sustained then we will look at strategic price increases where we have to. And that work's already underway. There's already some decisions that we've made, so we will do that. It's a pretty dynamic situation as you know. And then on the pull-ahead, this is a question that we've been asked. And while it's impossible to really quantify what that might be, it's going to be pretty obvious that if a customer has extended lead times, they're probably going to place orders sooner than they would. That just makes sense. But we also have proxies that we would be looking for to really reflect that being a major issue like order cancellations if they're placing these orders against multiple channels and then canceling when they get it out of one channel. We don't see that. You would see more of that pull-ahead from the Enterprise and obviously Commercial and Small Business, you probably wouldn't see as much and those were pretty significant growth engines for us this past quarter. So we don't see any glaring red flags, although we would certainly agree that there's probably some level of early ordering going on.
Chuck Robbins: Great question. So, first of all, I think it's the inverse. I think we're seeing the Small Businesses and the Commercial customers moving a little faster, although we saw Enterprise pick up in Asia and in Europe, and we've done a deep analysis with our team. The U.S. improved, and we would expect next quarter and then next fiscal year for U.S. Enterprise to actually improve significantly from where we are today. And I think on the industry front, we were doing the review in the U.S. and we've actually seen double-digit growth in hospitality, in healthcare, in retail. And we've even seen the cruise lines making significant purchases as they prepare to go back out. So, we think that that is definitely a sign that we're on the road to recovery. And I would say that the other thing I would highlight is, as our customers think about hybrid work and they think about the return to office, we've talked about the prevalence of Wi-Fi 6 we saw continued strength in Wi-Fi. And we said once that begins to happen, that we believe there would be a campus switching upgrade follow and the CAT 9K has had four quarters of increasing growth in double digits the last few quarters from a demand perspective, so we've seen that happen as well. So, I think that -- overall, I think it's happening as we thought it would and perhaps even at an accelerated pace.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Tal, it's great. I'll comment on the first one, I'll comment on both of them and then Scott can add on to it. So on the pricing front, as I said a few minutes ago, I think we have made some decisions on certain products that we will be making price increases on, and we're looking surgically at the rest of the portfolio based on where we have costs that we believe are going to be sustained. But you know, we're erring hard right now on taking care of our customers and trying to optimize our ability to deliver to them right now because we think that improves our relationships and it improves our position over the long term with these customers; so that's what we're doing. On the year-over-year trends, I think that what I would point to is the real thing that I think is substantive is the demand side of what we've seen, and -- because you're right. You can do some math that gets at the revenue in Q3, but I think that based on what we see and the demand that we see, we do believe this is certainly, it's a positively evolving marketplace for us and I think the work we've done over the last year, we pivoted our strategy a year ago based on what we thought would happen post-pandemic. The teams have been executing really hard, and it's great to see the customers embracing the solutions that we're delivering out there; so we feel like it's sustainable.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. I think, Tal, it's a really good point that Scott makes. There is a revenue headwind that we're facing based on the supply chain, so notwithstanding what's going on in the supply chain, our revenue guide would have been higher, which could have probably flowed through to improving EPS as well. So it's a complicated thing that we're navigating through right now. But notwithstanding that it's the best I've felt about the business and our momentum and where we are in quite a while.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Ittai. Thanks. So, I'll try to do what you -- I'll try to answer what you asked, but I think it's a difficult one to really be definitive about, but I think there's a couple of aspects going on. I certainly believe there are projects that customers put on hold that they're now accelerating now that they have better visibility into what the return looks like. I definitely think that's happening. I also think your second point is happening. I think that they're, every customer is looking at modernizing their infrastructure because no one wants to be caught flat-footed by the next crisis, and everyone has realized the power of technology during this time frame and so I think there's an element of increased investments that we'll see across all the technology areas as well as obviously cybersecurity, etcetera. But the other thing I think that's really important is that we've been investing for a long time against a lot of these big market transitions that are starting to come to life. You remember, Ittai, we didn't play in the Webscale space five years ago. We didn't play. And now, we're seeing that was almost a quarter of our Service Provider business again this quarter, and it's still growing robustly. I mean, it grew over 25% this quarter against a quarter a year ago that was in excess of 70% growth, so it's still accelerating. And then, you've got 5G that's starting to play out the way, as we've all been waiting for it to play out. You've got this return to office and hybrid work with Wi-Fi 6 and the campus upgrades that we've talked about. And you've got this cybersecurity concern that is only exacerbated by everything we see in the press by all the continuing attacks and at a time where we had record revenues. So, I think all of those things are playing into it, and that's what leads us to feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Chuck Robbins: Two other things, Ittai, on that particular question that I wanted to point out if you don't mind. The first is we see a revenue headwind from the supply chain issue in Q4. As I said earlier, if we didn't have the supply chain challenges, we would have been guiding higher on revenue, which is reflected what Scott mentioned about the backlog coming into the quarter. The second thing is this business transformation that we have been working on for the last five or six years, if we go back to the first quarter I was CEO and then we look at the quarter that we're entering into, the recurring revenue that we're pulling off the balance sheet that we have visibility to today that will be part of Q4 revenue is up 64% during that time frame. So we have a lot more visibility, and it just says that the whole rationale for why we've been driving this business model transformation, which is a big complex change to get to, but that has helped us in a big way in allowing us to actually deliver the revenue we're talking about next quarter. So, the benefits that we believe were there for the business model, I think this is probably the quarter where we're feeling the positive impact of that more than any other quarter.
Chuck Robbins: And then, Amit, on the Service Provider growth, I'm glad you asked the question because I should have pointed it out. We saw double-digit growth across all of the sub-segments of Service Provider, so Cable, Carrier as well as Webscale. So it was very balanced across the three and it's not one segment carrying it, which is why, another reason that we're optimistic. The demand side we saw was so consistent across all our customers and so consistent across geographies and so consistent across the product portfolio, but in the ESP space it was double-digit across all of those segments.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Simon. When your AirPods went out, Amit was on the same wavelength as you and asked the exact same question. So I'll give the same answer. It really is kind of two or three aspects that are driving it, all related to supply chain. Unit costs are up and that's based on the work that our supply chain team has dong to ensure that we get supply and so that such we can deliver for our customers the gear they need to get from us. They've all got significant transformation underway as well within their shops to support the new hybrid work environment, and so we're working as hard as we can to make sure we can deliver the product to them. But unit costs are slightly higher and that's semis, that's memory and it's certain other smaller commodities across the board. The second is, freight costs are higher, and as freight costs go up, obviously that hits gross margin. And then finally, expedite fees as we're getting product in the door. So, it's all tied to various elements of supply chain.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, so, Pierre, I think there's a couple things going on. Number one we have seen just over the last few years continued acceleration in our software business. Every acquisition we do, that's the business model. So from that perspective it comes in. From an organic perspective, we're building more software assets. We're delivering more Software Solutions. And then we're actually looking now, we announced Cisco Plus at Cisco Live, which is how do we deliver virtually anything we build as a service should our customers want to consume it that way. So we're just embarking on that, which is another big part of our portfolio, which will create more recurring revenue for the future, so that's what I'm talking about.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Paul, I don't have the percentage. We haven't given that information out on the percentage of segments for a while. I would say if we could couch that until perhaps September when we do our Analyst Meeting unless you have.
Chuck Robbins: Overall, obviously quite pleased with the progress on our services business. There is in Q3 though, remember there was an extra week. And so it's a lot of services, a lot of that is ratable. That extra week turns into an extra week of revenue during the quarter so there is a one-off anomaly that's driving that outsized growth in Q3.
Chuck Robbins: And then, on the Cloud vertical; I would say that one of the customers we have had a very strong sort of Enterprise Networking portfolio relationship with, but beyond that, all of it is really being driven by infrastructure going into their Cloud assets. And so we have sold significant amounts of 8-Ks into that infrastructure, but we have sold silicon, stand-alone as well. We have our software running on one of their pieces of hardware, and in some case, we have their software running on our switching hardware. And we're working on White Box ODM with a couple of them relative to our silicon. So, we have all the variations that we announced in December of 2019 we're actively involved in right now; and the good news is there's a lot of Systems desire as well.
Chuck Robbins: Just as an add-on to that, last time, we talked about 400 gig, and there always seems to be a question about 400 gig. And our customer count on 400 gig went up by 50% during the quarter. So we did see a continued uptake on that technology, and that's super early, as you know.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Jim. So we've had six consecutive quarters of very strong double-digit growth, ranging from mid-teens to triple-digits. And so that's in the Webscale vertical, and it certainly has been share gains because we didn't have any presence before. So as I've joked on calls before, it's one of the few markets where we actually have the opportunity to go gain share, and so that's been positive. We've worked hard on these relationships, and so that has expanded. We had a two-day customer briefing with one of them two weeks ago and it was, that particular briefing was all about our Enterprise portfolio. So we're seeing both sides but we are definitely seeing success that I just mentioned with Tim's question around the Cloud vertical in the Cloud infrastructure.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Jeff. As we've talked about earlier, I think some of the supply chain issues we have that we're seeing certainly from a supply standpoint are going to be with us through the end of the calendar year. But there's no question we've also got some good tailwinds in the gross margin line. When you think of the amount of -- the faster growth rate of services and the ratability of that, which contributes significantly now to the revenue line, that's at a higher margin than our software business, which year-on-year grew at 13% and is now on a run-rate of about a $14 billion per year software business. That obviously comes at a higher margin too. So while we do have supply chain headwinds, we've also got some nice tailwinds that are coming in.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. We talked about that in the last day or so. And it's really difficult to get a number. I'd say it'd been a point or two, I mean particularly in the guide front, I think it's a reasonable thing to think about. I mean, our guys were stressed, and in Q4, they have very little, they're committed to what they think they can build, but it's tough. It's tough right now. So you can extrapolate with the growth rate we saw on the product side and then with the corresponding guide that our backlog is certainly increasing, so if we had the capacity to ship, we would but we just don't have it. All right, let me just wrap up by first and foremost thanking all of you for spending time with us today, and, despite the predominant discussion point here, which has been around gross margins relative to the supply chain, I hope our confidence came across and that we feel really good about the portfolio. We feel really good about the reopening. We feel good about our teams, I'm really proud of what they've accomplished. Look, I'm really pleased that our customers are choosing to spend their dollars with us, as they come back. I think that's a great statement of confidence, and I think that it also proves that we are going to be critical to the rebound and the recovery and the return to office. So, thanks for being with us, and we look forward to spending time with you all. And I'm going to kick it back to Marilyn.
