Charles Robbins: Thanks, Meta. Yes, we saw -- Europe is obviously being impacted by the energy costs. And I think that's just forcing companies to take a look at their P&L as you would have to and where they spend their dollars. And we continue to see it not be quite as cold there. We had conversations with some of our team members this week, which is a positive sign.  But the other thing that I called out that I think is an important one is that customers are trying to solve this energy cost issue in a very aggressive way. And we have several technology areas that can help them do that, including our Silicon One technology, which powers their networks at much lower power consumption. You've got IoT where we can connect these energy systems and make them more efficient as well as Power-Over-Ethernet, which actually just reduces the power footprint for our customers. So it does also create some opportunity. I'd say if I go to Asia real quick, you've got -- Asia was actually pretty resilient. They're clearly aware of the economic situation that's going on, but we had 5 regions last quarter that were positive after big positives a year ago, including India, which grew significantly after significant growth the prior year. So that was a good sign. So Asia's pretty resilient, it feels like right now. And then in the Americas, I'd say it's a little mixed. We have some customers who are powering forward and other customers who are taking a little cautious outlook. We think by December, we'll have better visibility to the 2023 budgets, which will be helpful. And to your question about more signatures, we have seen -- our customers have implemented greater signature requirements. But by and large, the deals that we have going are getting signed. They're just taking a little bit longer than we'd expect. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Tal. So this is a question we expected, so I'm going to give you a little more detail than I probably normally would. First off, the 2 quarters we just finished and the next quarter, we have massive year-over-year comparisons from prior year. So as we discussed last time, we think it's more important to look at sequential growth as an indicator. And as I said, we were slightly below our historic quarter-to-quarter range, roughly 1%. So it wasn't significant, not completely out of line, certainly a little lighter than we would expect normally but not significant.  Enterprise and commercial on a global basis were both within the normal sequential range. Public sector was slightly out of range, and service provider's just lumpy. So the sequential reflection on service provider is not really valid. So demand was not -- it didn't fall off a cliff by any stretch. In fact, U.S. enterprise, after a upper 20s growth in the prior year, they actually posted low single-digit positive growth again. So that was a positive sign. Our order linearity within the quarter was in line. And remember, it was our second largest Q1 orders ever. So only -- the only quarter that was bigger was the quarter a year ago. So that's positive. Now what you're trying to get at, and I think everybody is trying to get at is, is this year being driven by backlog? And then as we go beyond that, everything falls apart. So let me give you some data points on this. Even if our orders are down 10% this year, which is not our forecast, we will still -- we project today that we will end the fiscal year with 2 to 3x our historic year-end normal backlog. That normal backlog is typically $4 billion to $5 billion. So I'm giving you actual numbers here. And then when you couple that with 43% of our revenue now coming from recurring, which is reflected in our RPO, that's what gives us a high degree of confidence and a high degree of visibility in the near term. So hopefully, that helps you as I answer your question, Tal. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. Amit, thank you for that. And I think the reality around that one is simply if you go back a year ago, that segment grew 65%. I think that's the fundamental issue. I don't think there's anything else going on. 
Charles Robbins: No, there's nothing that's giving us pause in that. I mean, we guided up the full year in revenue from what had been a guide of 4% to 6% growth to 4.5% to 6.5%. That effectively rolls forward the outperformance that we had in Q1 into the full year. There's no change in the way we're looking at the second half of the year either plus or minus. But it's a prudent view of what we expect in the next 3 quarters. 
Charles Robbins: Yes, I'll make some comments, and then, Scott, if you want to add some color, feel free. The range on the products is very wide right now. We still have a couple product areas that we have component issues that we're doing some work, and I think we've got probably one more quarter before we start improving those. We've got other products like we have certain firewalls that are down to 3-week lead times. We have some of the products we've redesigned that I've talked about before. It went from 40 weeks to 12 weeks and will continue to improve. I think we made improvements in roughly half of the portfolio. Half of the product families improved during the last quarter, and we would expect to continue that progress as we move forward. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. I think the whole market share discussion is reflected in our backlog. I mean, that's the issue. And as we ship it, you will see us -- I think, you'll see us over the next 12 months gain market share as we have an outsized backlog that we'll be delivering. So I would expect that to have a positive impact. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. So we're actually speaking to our employees tomorrow about this. So I'd be reluctant to go into a lot of detail here until we're able to talk to them. I would say that what we're doing is rightsizing certain businesses. We're really focused on resources moving into like in the enterprise networking space, accelerating our platform strategy. We'll be making significant investments in security and beefing up our team there and the capacity to continue to innovate there. Those are important areas. And so if you would understand, I'd prefer to wait and talk to our employees tomorrow about it. But you can just assume that we're going to -- we're not actually -- there's nothing that's a lower priority, but we are rightsizing certain businesses. And since you asked about collab, I'll tell you a little bit about what -- we see incredible strength right now in our Calling business, our Cloud Calling business. We see great strength in our Cloud Contact Center business. And the compares on the meeting side are going to start to make that -- give us the ability for that to be a much more favorable component. So we're -- I actually am optimistic over the next 12 months about our collaboration portfolio. The team has done an amazing job. I truly believe that they built the best platform in the business. And when you look at our devices and the interoperability that the team has been driving with the Microsoft interoperability, that is a huge, huge thing when you -- from a customer perspective for us to give them that flexibility. So I think they've done a good job, and I feel pretty good about that business as we go forward. We just need to rightsize some of the OpEx. 
Charles Robbins: But we do have a -- if you look at the number of jobs that we have opened in the areas that we're trying to invest, it is just slightly lower than the number of people that we believe will be impacted. We're going to be working really hard to help match our employees to those roles to the extent there's a skill match. So we're going to work really hard at that. 
Charles Robbins: Yes, Samik, it's a good question. And I would say -- the first thing I would say is that Gartner recently came out with a survey of executives in our customer base, and they've -- almost half of them said that their technology investments will be the last thing they cut. So that's just a backdrop for, I think, how important customers view their technology investments these days. When we look at where customers are investing, many of them are investing to -- they're moving forward with their hybrid work investments, right, and creating the infrastructure that they need to deal with this new world. We see customers continuing. We saw a recent survey that talked about customers who are balancing their private cloud and public cloud workloads. And so the whole rearchitecture of the infrastructure to deal with these new traffic patterns is another area. I mentioned in Europe with the power, with the energy costs, there's a lot of focus. IoT has just been accelerating over the last 2 to 3 years, and we saw another -- I think we had a record bookings quarter in Q1, I believe. It was really strong, where customers are really looking to connect these systems to actually optimize their power consumption and their efficiency. And again, we see a lot of customers who are moving -- who are doing greenfield real estate projects that are really focused on reducing -- going to low-voltage architectures, which leads them to Power-over-Ethernet, which leads them to rebuilding their infrastructure. And then you've got cybersecurity, and you've got full stack observability. We continue to see 5G build-outs there. There are just lots of -- there's a lot of positive tailwinds, notwithstanding the short-term dynamic environment that we're in. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. I think that will be true. I mean, look, we operate in lots of different markets. So is it true 100% of the markets? That would be difficult for me to say. But I believe that as we ship out the -- particularly our Secure Agile networks, our enterprise and networking products, that's certainly going to help. As we catch up on our data center infrastructure, I think that's going to help. There's also just reporting dynamics that occur. Some of our competitors report certain routing products into data center switching, and we've reported into routing, which makes it difficult to ascertain. So it's an imperfect science on top of that. But I do believe that as we -- as our backlog unwinds and gets back to normal levels over the next 18, 24 months, then I think that you'll see -- I think you will see that dynamic. 
Charles Robbins: I think that's right. In certain key areas. I mean, not perhaps across everyone. I'd have to go do the analysis. But in some of the key ones that I know all of you are worried about, the answer is yes. 
Charles Robbins: Thanks, Marilyn, and thank you all for joining us today. I just want to reiterate it, we feel like we had a very strong quarter, largest quarterly revenue in history. As I said earlier, the orders, the visibility, the easing of supply chain gives us the confidence to raise the year, obviously. We're very focused. We're managing the business for growth. We are going to go through this process of reinvesting into strategic areas. And the people impact is difficult. And I just want our employees who are listening in today to know that this afternoon and tomorrow, we'll be communicating about how we're going to go about this. It's always a difficult decision, but we have a lot of opportunity. I'm very optimistic about the future. I'm proud of the teams and what they've accomplished and really excited about the visibility and the confidence that we have in the near term. So thanks for joining us, and we look forward to next time. 
Richard Herren: Sure. Yes. The backlog came down about 10%, leaving us with an ending backlog at the end of Q1 that was the second highest in our history and higher than what we had seen at the end of Q3. So we took a spike up a little more than 10% in Q4 and came back down in Q1. What Chuck was talking about on the sequentials is really about the overall product bookings that came in versus where we're standing in backlog. So the flow-through of orders come in, drop in the backlog, that backlog then converts into revenue. The way you got to think about it is less about does the change in backlog convert to revenue growth and more of does the change in backlog convert to build. 
Richard Herren: Yes, you said it right. Longer term, the software component continuing to grow and us being able to ship that out of backlog will be a tailwind to margins. Right now, what we're shipping out of backlog is still a lot of aged product. We made great progress, by the way, on our aged backlog during the quarter, but a lot of what we're shipping out still is orders that were received prior to the price increases.  So you see 2 things happening at once. You see the higher cost and the revenue is tied to pre-price-increase sales at the same -- which obviously is a headwind to margins. At the same time, we see more software being shipped out, which is a tailwind. The net is it continues to be a pretty significant headwind. 61% product gross margin in the quarter, in line with what we had seen in Q4. The good news is we made good progress on shipping out a lot of that aged backlog. There's still a little bit more to get out in Q2. And so I expect by the end of the year, margins to expand from where they are now, product margins to expand 50 to 75 basis points. 
Richard Herren: No. I think what you're trying to get at is when do we get back to more seasonal patterns, right? Obviously, seasonality went out the window, both going into the pandemic and then coming out of it with those 3 consecutive quarters of north of 30% growth. We are beginning to see signs of normal seasonality returning. It's going to be a little complex to see, though, because, as supply constraints loosen up, we'll be able to reduce lead times. We've already done that for a handful of product lines. And as we do that, of course, that will have an effect on just the current period bookings. So it's going to be a little bit difficult for you to spot those trends over the next few quarters as lead times normalize. 
Richard Herren: Yes. What I'd add to that, Tim, is if you're looking at software growth, bear in mind, the software subscription growth, the subscription subset of our total software grew 11%. And it's now 85% of the total. Obviously, with the total only growing 5%, there was a continued decline in perpetual as part of the software license. It's now -- or software revenue. It's now 15% of our total. So I think we're getting to a point where the subscription base is getting significantly larger than what's in perpetual, and that headwind on perpetual will be less of an impact on us going forward. 
Richard Herren: Sure. Let me take the gross margin piece of that first. There's a couple of moving parts, as you know, Paul, inside the gross margins. One is the backlog, some of which is still sitting at pre-price-increase levels. We'll get that shipped out as we work our way through that part of the backlog. Obviously, that'll be a tailwind. The increasing component of software built into our revenues will be a tailwind. Will it get back to 65%? I think there's -- for that to happen, we'll have to see either further cost reductions on the input side between freight and logistics, which we are beginning to see. While they're up year-on-year, sequentially, we're beginning to see some signs of easing in freight and logistic costs as well, but we'll have to see that. And we'll have to see a further reduction in component cost and/or a price increase. So I think it's -- without giving you a quantified number, I think there's a number of moving parts inside there. More tailwinds as we look ahead than there are headwinds on that. On the OpEx side, the part of what you see in this quarter, of course, is that the normalization of our bonus plans, last year, bonus plan obviously didn't pay out so well, as we go into this year, and you normalize that, that's part of the OpEx growth. We did have a slightly bigger than normal annual merit increase cycle. That's driving some of the OpEx growth as well. I think our focus longer term is -- which you've heard me say, it's balanced profitable growth, right? If you look at our guide for the year, 4.5% to 6.5% growth in the top line, 4.5% to 6.5% on the bottom line. Long term, we talked about 5% to 7% top line, 5% to 7% bottom line. I think that's really the way you need to think about it. 
Richard Herren: Yes, I'll start with the numbers on that, George. And I'm sure you know this. We sell about 90% of our revenue denominated in USD. So there's not a big translation impact to us for the strength of the dollar. It's not insignificant, but it gets offset by the benefit we get on the OpEx line. So FX to us from a translation standpoint really hasn't had a material impact. As we look at the -- now you're selling in USD with an elevated exchange rate to the dollar, there's no question that is having a bit of an impact. Certainly, one of the things contributing to what Chuck talked about earlier that we're seeing in Europe, not only are they battling high inflation in their own markets, but that increased cost in local currency to transact has been a bit of a headwind. But we've dealt with this. We've sold in USD through the entire history of the company. Not expecting it to be something that has a lasting impact on us. 
Richard Herren: And James, to be clear, don't think of this as an headcount action that is motivated by cost savings. This really is a rebalancing. As we look across the board, there are areas that we would like to invest in more. Chuck just talked about them. Security, our move to platforms and more cloud-delivered products. But we're also going to maintain our financial discipline as we do that. And so this is about just rebalancing across the board. In a perfect world, you'd have 100% skill match, and you can take the people in the areas or the skills in certain areas and just move them to where we need to invest. And unfortunately, that's -- it's not a perfect world. 
Richard Herren: Yes. It's really not motivated by cost savings. So the net -- by the time we get to the end of the year, our expectation is we have about the same headcount that we had at the beginning of the year. But there's 2 pieces to this. One is what we've been speaking about just now about the headcount impact. There's a second piece of this that's really about rightsizing our real estate portfolio. And we've got a long tail of small offices distributed around the world that are significantly underutilized and, in fact, unused in some cases. So the second piece of that charge, there will be 2 elements to it. One that's people related. The second piece will be about rightsizing our real estate portfolio. That will generate some savings, not much in fiscal '23. But longer term, that will generate some savings. 
Richard Herren: Got it. Yes, we -- so we talked about the overall backlog reduction at about 10% from Q4 to where we ended Q1. That -- a subset of that, of course, is software. That same percent held pretty much true in software. Software continues to be well over $2 billion of our overall product backlog. But it's about -- it's actually about the same reduction sequentially as we saw in overall backlog so right around the 10% rate. I think as you look ahead and try to model out the 50 to 75 bps of improvement that I talked about, I think it's going to be probably a little bit heavier in the second half of the year than it will be in the second quarter. You saw the guide for the second quarter. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, maybe the first one, I was hoping you could touch on the service provider market. I think you said orders were down 23%. That seems a bit more severe than the rest of the portfolio. What's happening there in any newly service provider versus web scale would be helpful. 
Amit Daryanani: Yes, sorry. So I was hoping you could talk a bit about the service provider order decline of 23%, seemed a bit more severe than the rest of the business. And then anything over there between web scale and kind of the traditional service providers would be helpful. 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And I guess maybe if I could just ask you just about the full year guide. I mean, you folks have guided it, right? And you just did 6% growth against a very difficult compare, and I guess the way to your guide, but you aren't really assuming much of an acceleration for the rest of the year despite compares are getting easier. So I guess, Chuck, is that just being conservative, or are you seeing signs in your backlog or your orders that give you a pause on that business. If you could show how easily the compares here, I would imagine the growth rate accelerate a bit for the year. 
