John Chambers: Got it. So, Amitabh, I like the way that you went. We probably had eight or nine areas that we are very close to the highest growth rate we have had in two areas and you are focusing me on the two challenges more than fair. So, let’s go to the issue of services gross margins. If you watch, we start with a big picture. Our revenue growth areas, what is our gross margins, our OpEx, Kelly and I have a lot of leverage we can pull within that. Within the gross margins, we have never been more comfortable. And actually I said that’s almost three or four quarters ago, Mel. I have never been more comfortable with any aspect of our business than our ability to maintain gross margins. It’s a mixed issue as you go through it. To the services question, we have had great services gross margins unequalled in the industry. Gary, our technical services, what you and Joe Pinto have done is amazing there. Our advanced services is an area that we are moving very aggressively in and that’s where you see all little bit of the pull down on the services model. And as you become outcome-based, as you refocus on these new growth areas being able to literally digitize a country, digitize a city, digitize a manufacturing company a healthcare company etcetera, you saw us invest an awful lot in vertical consultancy, you saw us invest in security in a big way with major expectations in terms of expertise centers, etcetera and in cloud. So, we are going to continue to make investments in these areas and I am very comfortable with our gross margin portfolio. I actually think our gross margins, has been the most predictable part of our total business, although we have a lot of various variables in that. On security, security will occasionally be bumpy. We reorganized our realization and realigned security across the whole globe with a separate sales force. As you make those changes, you occasionally lose a little bit of momentum before you pick it up. The order growth was actually at 9% for security. I expect security to grow very healthily as we move forward and you will continue to see us make a number of both resource investments in areas like services, sales investments to really lead in that and consultancy in a way that really brings this picture to light, but I think you are going to see good growth out of our security business. I think we are positioned extremely well and I kind of in a fun way challenge you. When an enterprise customer has 45 to 60 security players in the environment, how many they really have? And you look at a CEO in the eye and I get it done. We have got to consolidate this in the networks where it’s going to get consolidated. So, very comfortable in terms of our security growth over time, do not see any issues in terms of strategy, vision or margins here.
John Chambers: Got it. It’s a nice way of saying. This is really hot, it’s going to Kelly, be one of our better acquisitions, but then you turn to Sourcefire which was the other big one we did in the last year and a half. It’s literally on fire too. Thanks, Mil.
John Chambers: Simona, it literally is across the board. And we see this in every country, every segment of our business, even those that are challenged like emerging markets and service provider, we make huge inroads because of the momentum we have gained. Mel told me not to be too enthusiastic on the call. I went out and ran 4 miles this morning. I had my best time. And as the last year lifted weight successor and I am sorry, Mel, just full of energy, it is exciting what’s in front of us. And when you sit across from the customers, you could have been at with and I could take this to our shareholders. Anybody who walked out of with 21 of the sessions were about Cisco related areas from what you are going to do with infrastructure to digitizing countries, to cities, to how you bring this to bear and how does it affect the environment, we are right in the middle. And in so many different ways, we are not just in thought leadership no one can compete individual pinpoint products are going to get killed in this marketplace. And the different competitive models that you see evolving or different models we saw coming for 4 to 5 years, so yes, I feel really good and the only area that I would be critical was we got to do better in service provider video and we do have a portfolio like we have in customer segments and products, it feels good. But to your point, our relevance in major government bids and major enterprise bids, we are winning bids that we would not have come close to in a year ago. And it isn’t just we are running from the beginning, we have got an ability to adjust in engineering and sales and services to meet their needs as we are not – we are taking to competitors. It really feels good and it’s really fine. See you tomorrow by the way, Simona. Looking forward to be on stage with you. Go easy on your questions, tomorrow.
John Chambers: So, let’s start with the overall premise. My premise on service providers is you are going to see negative growth in terms of CapEx for this year, with a lot of the experts saying it’s actually going to be uglier in the next six months than it will at the back half of the year. So, our assumption is any gain in service providers will be share wallet gain and market share gains. What makes me very, very bullish on this is on the things we can control if you watch what Nick Adamo, heads up sales, Kelly Ahuja that Nike have done services Kelly is engineering. We are now winning big service provider deals that we would not even have been in the game in a year or two ago. And our ability to do this at a different margin level, our agility on this and we are taking it to our competitors and you are seeing this across the board. I would have vastly preferred it. You can never do it exactly how you want, but having had five quarters of 10% or more negative service provider growth, I would rather go on from negative 10% to negative 5% or 6% to negative 1% then positive went up from there. We have got a couple of deals writing this quarter, which caused us to go from minus 10% to minus 1%. That’s more than I think anybody else anticipated in the marketplace, especially when you have areas like SP video, which drives you down by 2 to 3 points off of that. I just didn’t want the market getting ahead of us. My comfort level with seeing growth this by the end of the year and probably that is extremely good in this market, but I am modeling all wallet share gains and market share gains. I do not think service provider CapEx will be up this year. I hope I am wrong, in which case we will get more of our share there. So, I feel very, very good into positioning. Was there second question on this? Okay, thanks James.
John Chambers: The next time you hear Rod about any talk about the change will be when we announce that, that hasn’t changed overall. We have got an amazing team with several of the players around this table being examples now that and we will make this a non-issue as we make the transition. To the first part of the question, no I disagree with your basic premise. We don’t give booking by category, by seasonality. But if you watch our normal booking trends and if you watch where we have gone and let’s use total bookings as an example. From Q1 to Q2, it was up at the very high end of our seasonality bookings sequentially and the year-over-year numbers. So either way you want to measure it, we are in good shape on that. I do agree with several of you premises in terms of the 9K growth, it feels very, very good. Rod you got to know I completely disagree dramatically with your comment about our switching products commoditizing. They are going in the opposite way. This is one that I think you are going to see us get our competitors very aggressively. And even in merchant silicon like Nexus 3000, we are doing extremely well in terms of growth in gross margins. It’s an architectural play now. We saw this coming 4.5 years ago with switching you got to have security, you got to have collaboration, it’s got to integrate to processor capability, it’s got to tie the Internet of Everything. There has to be a architecture that brings us together, business results and I think are relevant in our value to the customers are exact opposite way. We have shown remarkable consistency in switching gross margins. And I feel very, very good about our future in that regard.
John Chambers: Got it. So I am going to let Kelly take the other part on thoughts about cash and where we are going Kelly and our overall and I don’t mind you even comment a little bit about the programs we have on gross margins through that. And on the first part giving out that question the first question Mr. Mark was.
John Chambers: And Mark and I was probably going to assume laps around here before I answer the question. But if you watch what changes architectures save our customers huge amount of operating expense. It allows them to get their business outcomes much quicker. And when you combine an architecture like data center with an architecture like InterCloud, with an architecture like collaboration, with an architecture like security, with architectures about big data edge of the network with mobility we can do that in a way that no one else can to get business outcomes. Customers will pay probably 3% to 5% - excuse me 3 to 5 times more per business outcome than they will for a standalone switch or standalone router. So as we make that transition this is where you re-see our relevance change. And this why when you talk about digitizing countries or digitizing cities we are all by ourselves and our ability to do it, it’s about how we bring all those together in the Internet of Everything and that has great gross margins. That’s where I think the market need to do a better job mill of explaining to the market why our gross margins and why we are so optimistic about our future if we do it right.
John Chambers: Yes. A fair question, I think Europe is a great example. First of all, Europe was 7% growth which I don’t think anybody else is getting. You take Russia absence it would have been 9% growth. But you did see remarkable growth across many big countries where they are really being impacted by foreign exchange, etcetera. The way we look at foreign exchange we do business in dollars as most of you know on that. So we perhaps can’t draw the correlation as quickly as now this. But it does mean the deal size may not be as large where it does mean that there might be pressure on discounts to provide a total solution. And when you us grow at 20% across Southern Europe I mean I am not aware of anybody else that is growing in Southern Europe period much less of those type of numbers. It speaks to our strategy working. Foreign exchange does have some impact on it. And Kelly maybe if you would like to add some addition to that.
John Chambers: I think the data center switching cycle is a very, very long one I think we would all agree with in scale. And even though we will face new competitors white label etcetera in this market we saw that as I said coming a long time ago and this is where it is and about switching the data center it’s about convergence about switching with storage with servers, with security even within the data center. And then the ability with application centric infrastructure to run that and the data center or a cloud in the wane all the way to the edge and that’s about applications again with the network with security, with scale. You combine those two and we are almost unbeatable in the approach. You do have a natural upgrade cycle with new products coming in. And there was probably a little bit of a stall when we stalled ourselves a year ago deliberately and we knew what we are doing, but we need it to transition to the new ion switching and needed to signal people where we are going. There are additional drivers we are starting to win network refresh and some competitors refresh purely because of security. In this environment they are going to risk and this where we are just going to I can’t say crush, I think there is white label. This is where we are going to really crush the white people. I mean, it’s got to be a security architecture type of approach. If you just say, I am going to get merchant silicon and throw software on top of it and run data centers and run WANs and everything, all it takes is one breach and you have done more damage to your brand is it company or is it government, then you could in 100 years of saving on a little bit of switching difference and that’s before you get to the outcomes in terms of the direction. Now, is switching going to grow double-digits? Of course, not, but I think more down to the mid single-digits and we will go up and down depending on the quarter. There will be a different mix in the data center versus campus.
John Chambers: Yes, Ben. Let me ask you direct question in the second one that you didn’t ask me which I know is on people’s minds as well. In terms of BCE, we have a very good relationship with EMC. I look for that to be continued very strong. Gary, you are our key interface there. You and Howard and Joe and I all the time go back and forth. VMware is a competitor. We view them as a competitor. We are going to beat them as a competitor and we will beat them and have fun doing it. I wish I was a better person, but I am not. And we are going to take it to a bunch of our competitors and I think you like the projects that you are going to continue to see there. We are however going to continue to partner with NetApp, which is a great relationship almost no competitive overlap and we announced what we are doing with IBM. And I think to the second part of your question, when we talk about pace of change, it means that your strategic partnerships and the Wall Street Journal had an article, I think before December that talked about the role of strategic partnerships will dramatically change and this will be customer partnerships as well. We will be dramatically different looking out over the next several years and determine a company’s success or not in ways they haven’t in the past. And part of that pace of change is you are going to have at times even very good customers, very good partners go into our area, we are at the center of every transition, so, anytime anybody makes a networking announcement they are going to say either with Cisco or doesn’t and you are going to see our evolution of our partners go on that. Having said that, you will see us do more strategic partnering, much deeper with many, many partners such as players like Rockville that you might have not thought it before or GE or players that we are literally closer to in terms of the direction here. Relationship with EMC is very, very good. We like them. They like us and we two have lot of business together. I think Gary the run-rate was 50% year-over-year growth together plus some.
John Chambers: Yes. If I were to summarize the revenue perspective, it’s a very good one for us, just like NetApp is. The growth rates are unbelievable. Our field sales teams, the EMC’s sales team and the Cisco sales team you often get some of the difference between them out in the field in terms of how they come together. It’s very, very good for us and we feel very good growth from that relationship. And by the way the same is true with the other partners we have alluded to in terms of the direction. So, I think what you are seeing is just an evolution of a partnership model and some competition versus VMware, which is I think the world we live in today. Next question please.
John Chambers: You know if I look and Mel has given me that I am out of time, so I wish we could do a couple more questions. I want to just summarize with, I have never felt better about our business and our future. We are as many of you have already said, we are back and this movie I have seen before and I wish I could just bottle with and I wish I could bottle the conversations that we have with government leaders and business leaders and how different than before it’s just not one product area, it’s how we can bring architectures together with services in a different sales motion. We had the courage to disrupt our sales starting three years ago and we did a huge amount of organizational evolution over the last year that allowed us to do fast innovation and agility and speed with which others cannot meet. There is no surprises to us in the market, and I mean none at the present time. It’s playing out very much like we expected. It’s a world that pace of change will go exponentially but as you walk away just kind of think about it. You are executing extremely well at healthy growth. Digitization would be ten times I think, we will say five to ten, to keeping solid. The impact of Internet of Everything really affects every country, every citizen in the world and every company. Our product portfolio across the board you saw all but one area increases nice when I get beat up on just 6% growth, I mean that is a pleasant position to be in Kelly probably one we won’t always experience as nicely as that. The balance geographically and even our headwind areas while we’ve signaled there will be a couple of more quarters to work through, showed a lot of progress and that means we are positioned as they eventually turn an emerging markets which they will and there will always be challenges in a group like China and Russia and Brazil but the rest of them feel heading the right direction pretty well and if you watch where we are doing in terms of our product leadership in each category and then integrating them together with architectures feels good, so I get bumped up. It hasn’t changed and I hope that came across the pace of change and the new competitors and new challenges is something that will change will drop exponentially, I believe we are going to become the number one IT company and our goal was to show you that and get the reward our shareholders, our customers, employees deserve. Mel, back to you.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, I mean to answer your question Mark on our cash as you can to tell our commitment to the capital allocation hasn’t changed as evidenced by giving back 86% of our free cash flow back as a dividend and the buyback and as well as increasing our dividend going forward. So that’s not changing. We are extremely focused on increasing our cash flow. And to John’s point focused on driving that through improvements in our margin both in gross margin and operating margin. So that focus will continue and we still have lots of flexibility with our balance sheet to continue the balance of giving back to our shareholders as well as having that flexibility strategically for M&A and other investments.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. Just to add to the Itai from a pricing perspective actually our pricing is in line, our normal quarter-on-quarter pricing as well as the year-over-year if I look over the last 6 quarters. So we haven’t really seen that increase on discounting. But we did see drive in the margins in Europe is definitely the mix of our strength in our UCS is a big, big driver of it.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, hi, Paul. So we don’t see that in our Q filing but I can tell you, the range, the ranges that we typically see on a quarter-on-quarter basis has been in the range over the last six quarters from half a percentage point impact on gross margin up to over a point and a half and we are well on the—we are basically in the middle of that range and year-over-year in the middle of the range as well when I look over six quarter. So you will see that when we have our 10-Q filing.
