Melissa Selcher: Thanks, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 98th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, and I'm joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales; and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, that will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. Throughout this conference call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on the Form 10-Q -- 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments, which we identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. As in the past, we will discuss product results in terms of revenue, and geographic and customer segment results in terms of product orders, unless specifically stated otherwise. I'll now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter. 
Melissa Selcher: Okay. Thanks, John. We'll now open the floor to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please open the floor to questions. 
Melissa Selcher: Great. Thanks, John. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY '15 first quarter results, will be on Wednesday, November 12, 2014 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific, 4:30 p.m. Eastern. And I'd like to remind you that in light of Reg FD, Cisco plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. 
John Chambers: Okay. Services revenue grew 5%, up from 3% last quarter, and it is trending very well. Strong renewals, large multi-year service wins, strong technical services performance and growth in new businesses, such as consulting, cloud and managed services. And security services drove our growth in the quarter. We continue to deliver our strongest margins in this business, well above the industry norms. We are focused on the continued integration of our services and product sales teams to accelerate our ability to drive integrated solutions and business outcomes. We are also investing with more focus on our renewal engines. While these are multiyear journeys, we see both efforts as creating more opportunities over the long term.  There is strong interest in our InterCloud approach, which we've asked Rob Lloyd to lead for the entire company. Customers and partners view our approach to the cloud as differentiated and unique, recognizing that we offer the only solution to federated, private, hybrid and public clouds that enable them to move their cloud workloads across heterogeneous private and public clouds, with the necessary policy, security and management. Over the last quarter, we expanded our InterCloud ecosystem with partners who are embracing the Cisco ACI vision and Cisco's open approach to differentiating their cloud offers through the value of the network. We announced that NTT Dimension Data and SunGard Availability Services will both use Cisco InterCloud architectures to deliver cloud services to customers and resellers. You will see us announce additional partnerships soon. In the quarter, we entered into a 3-year go-to-market program with Microsoft to build InterCloud-ready, integrated infrastructure solutions, leveraging Cisco's UCS, Nexus Switching and the Microsoft cloud operating system. We are also growing a developer network to build applications on top of InterCloud, and that work is gaining momentum. We believe we can grow DevNet developer community to at least 1 million developers by 2020. We feel that our focus on delivering enterprise-class, hybrid cloud solutions, along with growing InterCloud ecosystem, is resonating with customers and our partners around the world. Cloud is an example of an area where we're making significant investments to fuel our future growth. In FY '14, we allocated over 2,000 employees to our InterCloud organization, including several of our top leaders. These investments will drive our leadership and opportunity to the results -- though the results would not show up in our numbers in a meaningful way for a number of quarters.  I'd now like to turn the call over to you, Frank, for additional financial details. 
John Chambers: Thank you, Frank. The dynamics in our business and market continue to play out as we said they would. Our management team's executing well, driving innovation and discipline across the entire company to disrupt our industry and ourselves when necessary. I am pleased with our leadership position and the strong receptivity we are getting from customers as we become the company that delivers architecture, solutions and finally, business outcomes. We have transformed Cisco over the past 3 years and remained as focused as ever on the future, moving to become the #1 IT company our customers turn to, to enable their innovation, drive their growth, cut their costs and mitigate their risk. What does that mean for our investors? First, we remain focused on shareholder value creation by maintaining the flexibility to make the right long-term strategic decisions for the business, driving efficiencies in our cost structure and returning capital through dividends and share repurchase to our shareholders. Second, investors need to remember that change is nothing new for Cisco. We embrace it, we see opportunities for disruption all around us. And in nearly every case, Cisco is positioned extremely well. In this environment, companies who use technology for speed and innovation will differentiate themselves. You see it in places never imagined, and it happens quickly, things like a new business model, delivering through a network application that disrupts the taxi industry. Every company is becoming a technology company, and the common element is the network at the center, driven by applications, allowing for rapid introduction of new business models, disrupting old models in record time. We've talked about this opportunity for a while, and now you are seeing it play out. Every company is increasingly dependent on the network, not just for communications but for how they run, analyze and grow their business and disrupt their competitors. In this paradigm, the reliability, scale, speed and application-centricity of a network is even more important, and this is where our unique strength lies. As the leader trusted by business and governments with 17,000 salespeople, approximately 70,000 partners and installed base of approximately $200 billion, Cisco is very well positioned to capture this opportunity, and I'm more confident than ever that we're doing just that. As always, we have to deliver the innovation, the new business models and value to our customers to win in the market, and that requires continually reshaping how we operate. If we do not disrupt ourselves, if we don't have the courage to change, if we don't lead the change, we will get left behind. Disruption is happening amongst our peers and throughout our customer base. Management teams are being tested everyday. The question is whether they will make the right investments and take the bold action in order to move forward. At Cisco, we are making these tough choices, transforming our company at a rapid pace, whether it is introducing revolutionary new platforms in our core and at a speed where we knowingly disrupt ourselves, or making long-term bets like we did with UCS and Internet of Everything and are now doing with InterCloud and ACI, Application Centric Infrastructure. We are investing in our leadership for years to come. We understand that the results of our strategy and many of the decisions we make may not be evident in a single quarter. And in fact, at times, will create volatility to our results from time to time. We also know that some of the investments we are making today will take several years to pay off. Taking a multiyear view, I am confident that when we look back in time, this transformative period will be a distinguished part of Cisco's history, where we made bold choices, moved aggressively and ensured our long-term strategic value for our customers, shareholders, partners and employees. Mel, let me now turn it over to you for question-and-answer. 
John Chambers: The answer is absolutely yes. If you watch, we disrupted ourselves at the high-end segment of the switching market. The way I look at it, and what we said last quarter, that will take several quarters more to work out. And in today's market, the 7000 was down in the mid to high teens. And the 9000, obviously, was growing very, very well overall. So I kind of consider those 2 products together in our entire Nexus line. You'll begin to see a switchover in Q2 and Q3 in terms of this transition. And with all the appropriate caveats, I feel good about growth late Q3 and Q4 with good market leadership. So I do see our high-end switching and switching as a whole growing. We are positioned extremely well. And if I can, just a note on our competitors. Our competitors are coming at us with box solutions, and we're going to approach them with an architectural play that includes software and hardware, and that wins. We've been in 580 accounts, as I said earlier. And we've also taken back a number of one of the startups key flagship accounts again and again[ph]  In multiple areas. So I think we're positioned well, and yes, it is a growth market. And the transition is more 10 gig to 40 gig that I think will help drive these volumes as well. 
John Chambers: Okay. The visibility is improved in most of the areas, the 2 wildcards we talked about. As you come off of a very solid book-to-bill in Q4, which is normal, and we did it high end of normal book-to-bill, and as you said, we exited with $5.4 billion in backlog. I think last year was $4.9 billion. So the visibility for Q1 is pretty solid, and I like how we're positioned on that. We want to also realize we still have some headwinds we've got to get through. So I think we're just being our normal, conservative self, Simona. I'm not signaling any unusual lack of confidence on it. I like our hand a lot. And we actually did something, some of you suggested, we put our negatives at the front end of the call and the positives afterwards so we don't get you excited in the front end and then say here are a couple of challenges. But I think we're positioned extremely strong. Our switching play, as I said to Brian, is very solid. We've transitioned the high-end routing well. The outcomes are selling. If you look purely at Commercial and Enterprise, these are the best numbers we've seen worldwide in a very long time, even when the economies are struggling. So I think we're doing very well in a tough market, and I feel very good about our future here and very good about Q1 and the tight range that we did give you. 
John Chambers: Yes. If you watch, we are making that transition, and Gary, you've seen it from the General Motors of the world, to others who are starting to accelerate with enterprise license agreements. And just using security as an example. The security orders were dramatically higher than the revenues. And so you begin to see both that's filling up our recurring revenues, as well as the deferred revenues that go with them. 
John Chambers: In reverse order. Reallocation of resources is the way you should address it. It is an investment in our growth areas that we felt strongly we needed to do quickly. In terms of why now, it's the uncertainties in the market, you're seeing a few headwinds and a lot of tailwinds. The pace of change is accelerating, and we felt we had to move with tremendous speed on it. We are going to put these investments into our growth areas such as cloud, such as software, such as security. And these are often skill sets that you have in one element of engineering that have to move to another. Pankaj has been planning that, Rob, I think, for almost 10 or 11 months, in terms of how to do this smoothly, focused more on the customers. And then you have the same issue in your market. Some of our markets are slowing down and unfortunately, you can't move sales reps from one country to another with different language characteristics. And Gary, in services, it's hard to move a person that's really good about installing networks to business outcomes on the manufacturing shop floor or with deep security experience. So the why now is if we're going to become the #1 IT player, which we are going to do, our ability to move requires decisiveness and requires investing in this growth and it really keeps this innovation engine. And while this last year was our best innovation engine ever, new high-end routing, new high-end switching, new security moves, new collaboration moves, aggressive moves on wireless, Internet of Everything took shape, architectures moved into solutions, we think we have to move even more rapidly and get these groups coordinated. So we focus the whole company horizontally on getting business outcomes. And so you're right, it is the most difficult decision we make as an operating committee, but it's one, the market waits for no one, and we're going to lead this market. We're going to be decisive in it. 
John Chambers: Sure. If I could predict when the emerging markets are going up or down, I would love to do that for us all. We tend to be a very early indicator. And just kind of taking a step back to 1 year ago or 15 months ago, we saw the emerging markets, the BRICS slowed down first, and then one quarter later, the rest of the emerging markets slowed down. They felt like they were turning around in Q2 and Q3 and our numbers instead of being in double-digit decline were in the mid-single digits. We saw this last quarter, the BRICS plus Mexico stay at about 12%, but it was the next 15 countries that, in total, balanced out. Now these  can turn up or down rapidly. And so what we did today was to share with you that they had declined more than we anticipated, and that we weren't sure when you'd see a turnaround in Russia and the Ukraine and Middle East opportunities and challenges, and in China. Thailand, obviously, a key issue we're all familiar with, and an election in Indonesia. There are some bright spots for the first time in a while. I think Modi in India is going to turn around that country. You can see the enthusiasm of both the citizens and the businesses there. If I were betting on a single emerging market, I'd bet on India right now in a big way. And if you watch, we've navigated through challenges, regardless of whether they're in China or Russia, pretty smoothly. And so you'll see us continue to stay focused on emerging markets, but we just wanted to level set you that we saw this problem at the present time and we're not sure if they're going to continue to decline or not. But again, they can turn very rapidly positively. So we just want to give you the exposure on that. 
John Chambers: Okay. So I think our federal team and the state and local team have done very, very well. Pat Finn has done an amazing job there. And Pat, if you're listening, congratulations. I do not think it was a one-quarter phenomenon. Too early to call, and Mel will probably kick me if I get into too much detail. But I feel good about how we are positioned, both in federal and state and local as we go into this next year. And I feel very good about, obviously, U.S. Enterprise and Commercial. They don't normally be in the 8% to 12% range. I think it's last quarter, they just did an amazing job on big deals and they had a lot of financial incentives working for them at the end of the year. But I feel good about the U.S. economy. We got to do better in Service Provider and that's why you saw us change everything, change our engineering organization, change our global go to sales marketplace to a point of our stars, Rob, out of you and Chuck's sales team. And Nick Adamo, he's leading that globally. You'll see Pankaj literally within the engineering team. Had Kelly Ahuja lead Service Provider across the whole team. So we're now organized around our customers as opposed to selling them routers and switches and wireless and direction on it. So I think you will see us move well on Commercial and Enterprise globally as long as the economies continue to do okay. I think we need to do better in Service Provider, as I've said. That's a couple of quarter phenomena if we execute right, and then it's what is the Service Provider spend. So we have a little bit of headwinds there. But if you were to say how do I feel going into Q3, Q4 of next  year, I think if we execute well, you'll see us in better shape on the Service Provider, and then it's more a matter of the CapEx spend as you go forward. And you had one other question, Jess, which I'm excited to answer if I can remember what it is. 
John Chambers: Oh, Meraki growth has been outstanding. I think there is an example of taking a architecture and a play, combining it with collaboration and just literally expanding it in security and expanding across our whole base and blowing it through our channels. I don't know, Rob, if you'd add anything else to that. I haven't done the math on the question he asked within that, come to think of it. But I'll see if by next call, we can think about how to answer that. 
John Chambers: Now Mel is probably going to lecture me after I make this next comment. For those of you who are out there who think SDN is going to drive down our gross margins, in my opinion, you're just wrong. You're going to see us embrace SDN. You're going to see us implement it for the value that it has. We not only will lead with it's implementation, it will allow us to get higher gross margins on our switching and architecture. And we'll do it off of an open standard and end results. And different than our peers, when we talk about 60 paying customers, we mean 60 paying customers, not taking an enterprise license and spreading it thin across the group. So we're going to take it to our competitors big and small. It doesn't matter if you're a major server player, we're going to gain share on you. It doesn't matter if you're a new startup. And one of the nice things about Cisco is our barriers to entry are very low, they're very open. So we love taking on the competitors, big or small. And I feel very, very good about how we're positioned there. And Rob, unless you're seeing something different than I am, I see SDN actually being something we'll embrace and get the benefits out of. And I feel almost no gross margin negative implications from it. 
John Chambers: Sure. Service Provider, just to give you a context, if you look in today's market, Service Provider, Enterprise and Commercial are all about 25% to 27% of our business. And so it gives you an idea of kind of the things that drive it, and public sector's down about 20%. In terms of where we see Service Provider overall, there are some headwinds there. And so let me talk first about what we're doing differently. We have focused our company on becoming entirely solutions and outcome-based selling, including our consultancy. We're moving to where we used to sell to the service providers. We'd go say, "What's your business objectives?" And then we sell them a router or a switch. We're now saying, "How do we sell you solutions? "How we help you go-to-market? How do we lower your operating expense?" That's the transformation in the field. Some of our fields are well on the way to doing that. Rob, other areas have a ways to go. We also completely changed engineering, the way we look horizontally across engineering on how we go-to-market. The Service Provider customers love the approach. It makes all the sense in the world to them. When we come out, I've got, Gary, was why didn't you do it earlier. and so you'll see us as we get our arms around this, make a pretty good transformation. And now, Mel, I'm defining an A job. In the next year to 2, just like we did on Enterprise. Because 2.5, 3 years ago, we were just in great shape on Service Provider, and candidly, we're starting to lose our lead on Enterprise. And what you've watched over the last 2 years, we went with architectures, we combined the data center with cloud, with security, with mobility. We talked about operating cost savings, we talked about outcome-based savings. Our number of big deals have increased dramatically and we're selling to the business unit more than we are the CIO now when we do our job right, with the CIO's support in terms of direction. In terms of SP Services. You're beginning to see a global delivery at that type of capability. And Gary, that's where you've got [indiscernible], really hitting all the cylinders on our consultancy. And we feel good -- you haven't asked the question, but we feel good at services at the 5% levels. So you can kind of feel that's starting to gain momentum again. And we're finally looking at a global delivery as opposed to candidly being organized by geography, which is not how our customers want us to be organized. There absolutely is, when you have 2 major combinations, the Time Warner and Comcast just being one of them, and when you have more combinations, dollar- or volume-wise, in the last 12 months than you had in 4 years, there are a lot of these going on. Those tend to have temporary slowing effects, not shutting off, but slowing effects until they get their decisions together on how the networks come together where they make investments. And then over the longer term period, if we do our job right, there are actually increased opportunities for us in that market. And then they're struggling with their own business models. They're having fits making money, which means they're squeezing the vendors as hard as they can. Having said that, that's why you move to an architectural sale and value-added sale as opposed to standalone boxes, which I do think will be kind of ugly. So that's why, I think, if you look out, probably going to be tough for a little while, I'd like to see us make steady progress. I'd like to see us exit this next year in a lot stronger position than we are today and do an instant replay of what we did in the enterprise and commercial market. 
John Chambers: Got you. I'm going to verify numbers on it. The first part of the question was on services. I feel -- no, I'm going to let Gary brag about it. Go ahead, Gary. 
John Chambers: And I don't have the individual wireless LAN data in front of me. I'm not dodging the question. But by definition, Meraki was strong, that was a little bit weaker than we would like to have seen overall in it, Paul. And I think you'll see us address that appropriately in terms of getting back on track on the wireless LAN capability. 
John Chambers: Yes. I think if you were to take a step back, we executed very well in a tough market. I feel stronger now than I did a quarter ago about where we are today. You're going to see us lean in and drive on transformation. Anytime you do a restructuring, that's hard on the leadership team, I don't want to mislead you. But we will always make the decision of what's right for our shareholders, our employees, our customers in the long run, and partners. The results look very good. I like what I see in front of us. I think the challenges are largely ones that are more external, that are hitting us with the headwinds. That doesn't mean we shouldn't do better in certain areas. And I feel very strong going into fiscal year '15 in terms of where we're positioned. 
Frank Calderoni: No, just pretty much what I said in the script. I mean, the deferred revenue is up 12%, primarily, that's product deferred revenue, mostly driven by-product subscriptions so it kind of shows that the WebEx, products like the Meraki, as well as the collaboration enterprise license agreements are really kind of showing some traction and they provide us with a stream of revenue going forward. The recurring revenue increased as well as far as going to the year. So all good signs from that perspective. But again, we had to put it in the context of, John, what you just said as far as some of the other factors that we are considering. 
Frank Calderoni: No. Again, we've been down this path the last couple of years, thanks to a lot of feedback from the investors that supported both the dividend and the buyback. Clearly, we've had a very active year in both. We continue to support the dividend over the longer period of time. And I think, as you said, John, we're generating the cash, we're very pleased about the ability to generate that cash. Our cash flow has been fairly consistent even throughout this past year. And the assumption going into the next year is about the same. 
Frank Calderoni: The recurring revenue, it's about -- slightly under about $2 billion, if you look at -- from that perspective. It's been growing, I would say, in the range of about $100 million a quarter. And as far as I had mentioned before, it's a combination of looking at WebEx, some of the security products that we have that's recurring, collaboration, enterprise license agreement and it's also the Meraki. There's a portion of the Meraki which is part of the recurring, so that's been adding to it since we've done the acquisition. So it's a big piece of the product descriptions in all these categories that's adding to. And that gets, as I said, recurring revenue over a period of time. 
