Melissa Selcher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 90th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, Senior Director, Analyst and Investor Relations, and I'm joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank A. Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations; and Gary Moore, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The Q4 fiscal year 2012 press release is on the U.S. High Tech Marketwire and on the Cisco website along with the corresponding webcast with slides.  Additionally, downloadable Q4 and full fiscal year 2012 financial statements will be available following the call in the Investor Relations section of our website, including revenue and gross margin by geographic segments, as well as revenue by product categories. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets and cash flow statements can also be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents. Throughout this conference call, we’ll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The financial results in the press release are unaudited. The matters we’ll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our forms filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on 10-Q, and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. I'll now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Okay. Thanks John and thanks Frank. Operator, now let's listen to the questions. We still request that qualified analysts please ask only one question. Operator please open the floor.
Melissa Selcher: Thanks, John. Cisco’s next quarterly call which will reflect our first quarter FY ‘13 will be on Tuesday November 13, 2012 at 1:30 pm pacific time 4:30 eastern time. We will hold our annual shareholders meeting on 30 November, 15. Downloadable Q4 and FY ‘12 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue and gross margin by geography and revenue by product categories. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and the documents. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its long standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
John T. Chambers: Mel, thank you very much. As we closed fiscal year ‘12, I am pleased to discuss our strong performance, continued execution of our plan to deliver profitable growth, and commitment to our shareholders. For the full fiscal year, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 14% year-over-year, and revenue growth of 7%, a record year in terms of earnings per share and revenue. For Q4, we delivered our non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 18% and revenue growth of 4%, also a record quarter in terms of revenue. Our strategy delivering intelligent networks and technology architecture is built on integrated products, services and software platforms to fuel our customers’ business is proving the right long term strategy for our success, and you’re seeing it in our results. The success of our service provider business, where we’ve moved from an individual product provider in today’s market where many of our customers use Cisco as their best strategic partner, and being their top business and technology objectives. It is a clear example of our strategy playing out to our advantage. Our role as the official network infrastructure supporter for the London Olympics and Paralympics is another example of our ability to strategically partner. In this case with the British government, the London Organizing Committee of the games, NBC and NBT. And to do this, we drove incredible outcomes and experiences. From a technology perspective, which obviously excites, especially our engineering team, but me as well, the 1,800 Wi-Fi hotspots in the 34 venues and over 80,000 data connections that we provided had a capacity four times larger than the network infrastructure of any previous games and help connect 10 million spectators, 76,000 volunteers; 22,000 athletes and coaches enable and experience in ways before never thought possible. All of this was done reliably and in a highly secure manner in front of a worldwide TV audience of over 4.2 billion. NBC used Cisco’s software capability and infrastructure to support all the web content, live streaming the equivalent of 7.5 months of 24X7 broadcast across six channels, letting viewers pause live TV while switching between TV, tablets and smartphones. It was a complex challenge, but it’s exactly the type of challenge that Cisco is uniquely positioned to handle. And we executed remarkably well, not just again on the technology objective, but on the business objectives of our partners. Congratulations to the Cisco team and our partners for a job done very well. There is no question our industry and our world is evolving at a lighting pace. The network is squarely at the center of the major market transitions; cloud, mobile, visual, virtual and social, and our innovation engine continues to fuel our growth, our customers’ success and our industry leadership. Our disciplined focus on our operating model and our company’s ongoing evolution enable us to continue to deliver record customer and partner satisfaction levels, and drive leverage in our financial model. As we move into FY ‘13, our focus on profitable growth continues and we remain committed to driving shareholder value. To provide some important update, along with our FY ‘12 and Q4 results, I’d like to turn the call over to Frank. I will then walk through what we’re seeing in the business and where we’re focusing going forward. Frank would detail our guidance and then we’ll wrap up with my favorite part the Q&A. Frank on to you.
John T. Chambers: Rod, I'm going to do something that Melissa is going to kick me for. When I answer your two questions, but then I'm going ask all of your colleagues please hold it to one. I'm going to take the easy part of capital allocation and give you the details, Frank as always. And I want to congratulate you Frank, you've been working on this for three quarters, you’ve worked with our finance committee, Board of Directors, we’re waiting for the right time to do this. So I want to just thank you very much. The easy part of the conversation is, no, this is not dependent in any way on repatriation nor are we signaling that. There are a number of leverage that we can pull in this area and putting the leverage together, we believe we’re in good shape to be able to do it with the U.S. case that we will be getting over the next several years. Frank taking the...
John T. Chambers: So, what we’re seeing in the service provider business, this one we believe we’re taking very good share of wallet spend and we got to win that everyday. And as you’d expect, our new – question was going to be what about the second half of this fiscal year in terms of cap spending? I think AT&T today said that their capital spending in second half of the year would be up over the first half of the year, that’s what we were expecting from them. If mixed across the U.S., I don’t believe there is a flesh going to occur in terms of dramatic differences, second half of the year versus the first half. Asia-Pacific, we’re modeling pretty solid, and I think, [it’s already] done there, and what we see in Japan and in China and now started in India finally Rob. We are in good shape on, and we’ve done very well in Australia and in Korea already. That looks solid, we’ll get our share spin there. Balancing that, however, is very tough comps, because service provider had very tough comps in Q4 and Q1, and two of this last year. so that kind of, I think balances a little bit of what you’re seeing momentum wise, European service providers especially the large, what we call the large five or six are going to not be spending much in the second half of the year when compared to people what they might have thought six months ago. Most of them are going to be very conservative in our opinion over the next two quarters. And we’ll get our share spin there and share of wallet and again, with that [one interest] there, I think would do well versus what’s available, we’re modeling that a little bit tougher. So overall, in service providers, we’re positioned extremely well, balanced dramatically different across the three theaters, and we think we will gain share of wallet as we go forward versus almost all of our peers, especially in the Routing segment, where we were real pleased about how much share we’ve taken. Thank you, Jess.
John T. Chambers: Just want to add, with VMware and EMC, it’s been a very strong partnership. We’ve both benefited greatly from it. They candidly need us and we like very much being a partner with them. So, I think you’ll see us worked this out in terms of our direction. But we are going to be an open player, and we’ve shown in the marketplace when we compete, we can be really very tough. Thanks, Brian.
John T. Chambers: Frank, I want to particularly thank [Ian Collard] and Kelly in how well they worked on your team, maybe you’re interfacing to engineering and manufacturing and making me well here. So it’s amounted to the indirect part of your question, we don't see anything unusual occurring in pricing, or margins, and while it’s always a possibility that's been wrong. We’ve actually been getting more accurate about forecasting that and mix rather than to be worse.
John T. Chambers: Hey, Tal.Tal Liani – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, I also have clarification on the question. So let me just stick with one clarification part. The how much of your cash flow is generated in the U.S. I am trying to reconcile between dividends and buybacks. I assume that buybacks are done also globally when you buy ADRs and convert them, but dividends have to be paid in U.S. dollars, in domestic cash flow generation. So when I do the math of how much cash flow you generate and then deduct the dividends, I'm not left with much for U.S. cash flow to do the buybacks unless most of your buybacks are done overseas. So I'm trying to understand the dynamics of the global use of cash flow from a buyback perspective and from a dividend perspective. Thanks.
John T. Chambers: Yeah, what’s been exciting Rob, as you’ve done this, and when I look to your regional leaders in the eye, and your key VPs and Senior VPs and say how much effect this is going to have on the business, they’ve been in unanimous agreement, almost none, it will actually accelerate business overtime in terms of the direction. So just giving you a feel Mark, we clearly understand the question you’re asking both directly and indirectly. We think we’re going to be even more disciplined and focused and we also think that, I always believe and hope this is not the market we’re in for the next ten years with the current slowness.
John T. Chambers: Okay. If you watch what has happened in security, I think it’s a combination of issues. It’s been one that we’ve always felt architecturally could go across all of our products and time together in a unique way that no one else in the industry can replicate and our customers (inaudible) how to do that. Second, we made some changes in the leadership there and I just want to congratulate Chris Young and the team that they are bringing together. We’ve got leadership teams we really believe in. Third, the way Gary structured engineering, we’re now moving much more effectively and crisply across the groups to say when we say, we’re going to go after securities, this is what we expect each one and each group to be able to do. I like their plans and directions and Gary may surprise you, but (inaudible) Chris let me to meet the other end. I think this is one that we can do a lot better growth on but it can be the best example of how we tie it all together. So I like the movement, as you saw we got our growth primarily in network security, farewells et cetera on that. We got to expand that and get an architectural plays to move forward. Thanks Grady.
John T. Chambers: Well, as you will see in our Q report, our backlog is up about $500 million versus last year. We clearly went out of this year with a good backlog, which is what you want in all Q4’s, because our orders come in very back-end loaded. In Q1, as you know, the order rate was – it’s always off dramatically versus Q4 even doing double-digit growth years. In terms of the comps, the comps are tough when you have 12% or 13% growth in a quarter, and you compare with the next year to that, the comps in quarters where you only have 2% or 3% growth i.e. Q3 and Q4 this next year are lot different. So just with normal execution you’ll begin to see things balance throughout the year in terms of the comps. The second issue is, we’re taking share at the present time, and our peers are all almost all at negative or flat growth. So for us to be at 4% to 6% or something, we are pretty pleased out in the industry given the economic challenges involved. I just don’t want to see ahead of this, we are gaining share at the present time, if the economies turn, I’d expect that to do better as they return, but I don’t want to mislead you, Europe is going to get worse before it gets better, and federal government spending is not going to improve in the short-term here in the U.S. So we are focused on share wallet where we want to be one and two years out, and I hope we’ll be apologizing to you a couple quarters out about being conservative. But I think these are pretty candid and aggressive numbers at the present time, especially based on what we’re seeing from our peers.
John T. Chambers: I've seen this multiple times before also when we look at markets and there’s often lot of excitement three to five years before it really is impactful some people might think. And each time that has occurred Cisco is not only responded will, we usually lead the transition. We're very comfortable doing it again, and as I said earlier, this didn’t speak up on a sweet note, it’s coming for well and you’ll see us address it through strategic partnerships, partnerships where we compete and partner at times you see us address it to internal start-up, see us address it to spin-in an acquisition, and it’s a firm and the play out. The nice thing is and this is the advantage of not being the big incumbent and this is largely new Greenfield trust to be going into in the direction, and if you think about Cloud and you think about virtualization, it is more network centric than any things been done. you got to know the network in this, and while there’s always a chance we’ll be wrong, I think we’ll be three to five years from now and saying, it was about the network and the structure.
John T. Chambers: Okay. Mel’s give me the signal that that’s the one we’re going to kind of end on in terms of our last question. so we delivered to you all being done by 3’o clock as we said we would on it. In terms of the cloud, the numbers and thank you for the complement of 50%, it was actually even better 90% revenue and 58% on the orders. And it does speak to a market where we’re just starting to get penetration and while we have very good share versus the market, the server growth and our blade servers as well, all other growth is going as opposed to back and that’s where our strength clearly is. In terms of the use case board, we’re getting a lot of use and Rob, I’m going to ask about how service providers are going to do that, and some of the things we do with hosted unified communication to you in a second. I’ll take the enterprise piece. The enterprise piece, when you look and we’ve done our own surveys and we’ve looked at some outside surveys, we’re getting the vast majority of the true production clouds in the enterprise space, bid office Cisco and our partners and our win rate there is extremely, extremely good. Service provider sits even better, because very often they consider to close the incumbents in the data center actually competitors and Rob a little bit about both what we’re doing from a positioning perspective and a little bit, how they’re using more than just in their service provider space.
Frank A. Calderoni: John, definitely. So as I mentioned on the call, given the stabilization that we’ve seen in our business, and really on the conference that we’re going forward, and as John just mentioned really just the outreach with listening to shareholders over the past year, and what’s important to all of you and trying to balance both the buyback as well as the dividend, and provide a framework on what we want to do going forward over a multiple years and our commitment to that. And that is really what we outlined today to have a minimum and I trust minimum of 50% of our free cash flow that we will allocate through the combination of the dividend as well as the buyback. When we announced the dividend, we did say we would support the dividend over a longer period of time. And this is just a further verification of that, we’ll continue to support that over time and continue as it’s appropriate to support the buyback as you saw, we had $1.8 billion of buyback in this past quarter. But again it’s the provided framework, we feel comfortable based on the analysis that we’ve done kind of looking out in the near-term as far as managing the U.S. cash, be able to make this commitment and we’ll continue of course to be very strong advocate for Tax Suite form in the future as we work through this. And taking the second part of your question, I’m going to break it into a couple of parts, first when you look at comparisons and these are both for orders and for revenues and revenues you see slide slightly behind the orders by maybe half quarter or a quarter, Q4 last year in orders was our strongest quarter that we’ve seen Rob, and during the last five quarters, and comfortably in double digits and so was Q1. So when you compare comps if you’re really comparing sequential comps, that number would obviously be a little bit different in terms of what you are looking at, I’ll encourage you to think about the market that way. So in year-over-year numbers these are actually pretty good aggressive numbers in terms of the marketplace especially when almost all of our large peers are forecasting flat to down revenues and many of our competitors are forecasting down dramatically in negative or actually double digit negative growth. So we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. Secondly, Europe, it will be as fast as you are hearing. Europe for us in the last four quarters, if I remember this right and keep me honest Rob, I think it was 13% four quarters ago, then up 7%, then flat and minus 6% this quarter. We can all draw the curve that’s probably going to get tougher before it gets better and that might last for a (inaudible). We’ve got an amazing team in Costa Rica, team over there. So we will get whatever it is to get, but that’s going to be tough. Through the positive, normally I wouldn’t be real excited or point our interest, but when enterprise was going down from mid to go back up from 1% to 4% in the U.S. was clearly there and while federal government remain tough for several quarters with government spending going up a little bit, again in the 6% level driven by state and local government, now you all know seasonality, seasonality for state and local government was in our last quarter, so it is heavier in terms of total percentage of business in state and local during Q4, where Q1 is much heavier on federal. Federal business is going to be negative and be tough for several quarters as we look out into the future. But if you watch the trends, we wanted to just sharing with you, we saw in the last 45 days of the quarter, we also have a good book-to-bill, which you saw in terms of our comments going in and I would want to watch it at least another quarter, but I get real excited on it. Latin America was a little bit soft as we said earlier. But overall, we think we’re getting our share of the market and our strategy seems to be winning well. So, [Matt], you got two answers Rod and two questions, and I will keep my answers tighter at Mill. Next question please.
Frank A. Calderoni: Yeah, John. So we gave guidance for the quarter, for Q4, 61% to 62% came in at the high-end of that 61.9% overall at our product margin. As you said from a pricing standpoint, the pricing has been so stable now going on about two years, if you look at it from a quarter-on-quarter standpoint in the range of what we had expected. Yes, we did have a mix impact as you mentioned primarily from data center strength, which was positive. We also had a manufacturing cost was higher in this quarter driven by warranty costs. If you would kind of just normalize that Warranty Plus and Warranty Plus do kind of come up and down from quarter to quarter and you look at the margins going back, fairly consistent I would say from that perspective. And Simona, it’s been – also a good thing as far as going forward, similar to what we’ve done this past year, tremendous amount of focus on gross margins. We have now incentives across the board from a leadership standpoint in the sales regions as well as in our business groups that are focused on profitability, which has been driving a lot of the emphasis on project like value engineering, which we saw great improvement on this past year and which we now going to see some further leverage as we move into FY ’13 and we’ve been investing more in FY ’13 to see that continue as we move in to FY ’14. So many initiatives continue on the margin. And then I would say, as far as the guidance that we gave today for Q1, consistent guidance, 61% to 62% overall, which I would say, if you look at it from even a product standpoint, fairly consistent from a quarter-on-quarter standpoint, when you take into consideration the items that I mentioned.
Frank A. Calderoni: I know that’s true, and then I wanted to stress that, because it’s the framework of the multiple years, and it’s also to set a minimum, so that you can expect us to at least get to the minimum. The other thing I just want to add the question was answered before, as far as when you look at U.S. cash and the question that came up on the tax rate. One thing to add that we factored in especially when you look at it in the near-term let’s say over the next year or year and a half. One of the other factors that does give us a little bit more flexibility from U.S. cash position as we periodically make some distributions of our cash to U.S. from somewhere our foreign subsidiary earnings, these are some earnings that have been previously taxed by the U.S. so we have a little bit of flexibility there, and that’s also have been factored in as I look at – or I take into consideration the commitment that we’re making on the 50%. So again, that does add, we had little bit of benefit from that just in this past quarter. if you kind of look at the overall balance sheet and will continue to see some of that in the near-term and will factor that in as far as distributing the cash to the dividend as well as the buybacks.
Frank A. Calderoni: So, first of all, if you look at from a buyback and from a dividend perspective, both have to be funded as U.S. cash. As you know, we mentioned we had a U.S. cash balance in the end of the fourth quarter about little over $6 billion and that would be what we'd use for both the dividend as well as the buyback and any other U.S. need that we have, we have to fund out of that. We will continue as far as forecasting what we will generate in U.S. from an operations perspective and work in that flow. The other aspect as I mentioned just a few minutes ago is probably taking into consideration some previously taxed cash that we have which is outside the United States that we have the potential right now based on our analysis to bring back and use as part of this in the near term. And I have clearly I wouldn’t go out there and make a commitment to a plan or a framework with the 50% commitment if we didn’t have the ability to kind of work through that. But the dividend right now with the increase that we have today would be about $2.8 billion on an annual basis and then the buyback of course does change from quarter-to-quarter, and we’ll have to work that in based on opportunistic as well as just kind of where we can fund that and work that through. But we’ve done extensive planning looking at this based on expected business results, and be able to work this through, and then we'll continue to always look at, as I said before, ways of being a strong aggregate for U.S. tax reform as we go into the next several years, which of course would give us even more flexibility.
Frank A. Calderoni: I’m going to take the easier part, which is really talking about growth opportunities. Then Gary, I’m going to ask for you to fill in, in terms of how much we’re freeing up resources to be able to move them both in terms of productivity duplication resources, layers, et cetera, which is what we did in this last change, and move into where the growth is like emerging markets. In terms of the opportunities, Mark, I don’t think we’ll surprise you in a big way, but there are lot more opportunities, we can go after than we can bring down, so we’re going to stay within our five foundational frameworks with mobility and security, any across those, but even within those, when you think about the Internet of things, you begin to think about smart grids, you begin to think about how we do connected industries, how we really put this capability to work and drive video in a big way, each of those are major growth opportunities. And so what we will try do is share with you where we think the growth opportunities will come in normal times, and I think all of us would agree this is not no more anywhere near close to it. GDP growth in the U.S at 1.5% to 2% is anemic, growth in Europe and a full blown recession where every major country in Europe is showing negative year-over-year comps in mid to high single digits that is anemic. What we’ve seen in challenges in Asia, even though we’ve managed through them pretty well have been challenging. So I think you’re talking about an economic question, I think you’re talking about our ability to move into new markets, and our ability for current core markets to grow, so I think it’s a combination of that. Now however, one thing that we’ve got much more discipline about and Gary, I really want to compliment you, and the whole team, but Rob, you and Frank as well as we’re starting to say, where do we have resources that we are choosing it effectively, how do we realigned that resources with productivity implications, how do we move into emerging markets effectively, how do we not have duplication of efforts across the board, so Gary, your thoughts.
Frank A. Calderoni: Paul, as John mentioned before, I mean, again if you look at the pricing aspect of, I mean, you can see it in the filings that we provide, the amount of impact on the pricing has been fairly stable from a quarter-on-quarter standpoint and that really hasn’t changed much as we look back over as I said eight quarters. I am not sure what more I can share on that from that perspective. But if you look at, pricing from the standpoint in the last quarter, it’s in the range of about half a point as far as how it impacts from quarter-to-quarter and again that’s fairly stable as you look at it over a number of quarters and that’s what we would anticipate. The other items in gross margins I mentioned, you always have a mixed dynamics, it usually get benefits from a cost perspective; this quarter, we had more of a warranty impact that kind of took us on the negative side. Now as far as the operating margin, yes, 34% is at a low level from what we had before. That is not – we’re not saying we want to obtain it, we will continue to work through, I mean we are also looking at a period of time where we are going to be investing in the portfolio to make sure that we have strategic investments that we need to make, a lot of that’s going to be done through just continuing to be much more efficient in aligning our portfolio as we work through it. And as Gary mentioned before, we continue to drive areas of productivity and efficiency continuing on some of the things that we’ve put in place over the last year to 18 months. So the overall, if I stand back and look at the overall commitment to what we’d talked about last summer at the end of the last fall I should say we kind of looked at a three model revenue growth in that 5% to 7% range, profits growing at 7% to 9%, so better than balanced growing profits faster. And with that you’re going have to see some leverage that’s Gary talked about. But we’ll have to continue to see how that plays out, but that is the objective that we laid out and one that we use as a management team to make sure as we make the decision we follow through on it.
Robert Lloyd: Just John that we obviously expect to leverage the strength of our install base, which is pervasive across the data center, multiple ecosystem players, we’re going to support multiple hypervisors, multiple applications and operating systems. So we’ve got that working underway in every area. And we can’t forget some of the innovation we got going both inside and outside the company.
Robert Lloyd: So we are not stepping off that, we think regards of who wins, this is something our country needs to do and we’ll see what we can do as a industry and a business group in the period between the election and the next president becoming in the role. And we all know that there’s one President that’s already committed to supporting this, should he get elected in terms of the changes that need to be made? In terms of the overall process, it’s more data point, cash from operations was $10.5 billion this year, a year ago it was $10 billion, that’s additional $1.5 that you should begin to think about our models. Lots of levers that Frank can pull, which ones he pulls in which sequence and which ones don’t get pulled, that’s really your call, Frank; I’m very pleased with what you’re doing and making this commitment. Thanks, Tal.
Robert Lloyd: Sure, John. We’re now a full year into creating these three regions with the vast majority of our go-to-market sales resources all under one of those three leaders. You can see right now that as the opportunities in emerging markets exists, we’re shifting investments and resources into emerging markets, and out of some of our slower markets in Europe, you can that we can prioritize architectures and investments across the board. So the idea of creating that very simplified operating model with the vast majority of our resources is allowing those regional teams to actually move much more quickly, and we can see that in some of the results.
Robert Lloyd: Well, I think John as well you mentioned the Cisco 1 developers’ approach where we're going to give programmatic access to our operating systems. I think it's going to have big impact on the value the customers can subscribe through our data center portfolio, and it's something that we plan on leveraging going forward. So I think it's an ecosystem play John in summary, great relationships across multiple environments, and that's exact what our customers expect.
Robert Lloyd: So I think across our portfolio, John the number one used case is private cloud. We’re seeing obviously the move towards converged infrastructure playing very well for our strengths with UCS and the partners we have. The trend is our enterprise customers are looking for more benefits from automation and actually taking the benefits of virtualization even further. Second most popular used case is for cloud providers where they’re looking at provisioning and management as the number one area of focus. One of our used cases is extremely strong, it’s our own call control, call manager operating as a hosted collaboration solution where we have dozens of service providers delivering call control as an enterprise class application from those centralized data centers. The third used case is massively scalable data centers which we’re winning in and you’ve mentioned that before about our position there and the strength we’ve seen and some of the innovations we’re bringing in those areas. And then obviously there are multiple used cases that exist across the board. But those are the three that we’re focused on, we’re winning in enterprise cost apps, we are seeing Microsoft and SharePoint and other applications, we’re seeing SAP and Oracle in our virtualized environments. And actually I think our strength is that we are bringing this infrastructure to enterprise class applications and matching service providers trying to drive services for business apps.
