Kelly Kramer: Thanks, Chuck. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the quarter followed by the guidance for Q3. Our overall Q2 results were consistent with our expectations. We executed well with strong margins and EPS growth. Total revenue was down $12 billion -- was at $12 billion, down 4%. Our non-GAAP operating margin rate was 33.7%, up 1.6 points. Non-GAAP net income was $3.3 billion, flat year-over-year; and non-GAAP EPS was $0.77, up 5%. Let me provide some more detail on our Q2 revenue. Total product revenue was down 6% to $8.7 billion. Infrastructure Platforms was down 8%. Switching revenue declined in both Campus and Data Center. We did see growth with the continued ramp of our Cat 9K and strength of the Nexus 9K. Routing declined driven by weakness in service provider. Wireless declined overall, but we did see strong growth in Meraki and are starting to see the ramp of our WiFi six products. Data Center revenue declined driven by servers offset by strong growth in HyperFlex. Applications was down 8% driven by a decline in Unified Communications, partially offset by double-digit growth in AppDynamics. Security was 9% with strong performance in identity and access, advanced threat and unified threat management. Service revenue was up 5% driven by software and solution support. We continue to transform our business delivering more software offerings and driving more subscriptions. Software subscriptions were 72% of total software revenue, up 7 points year-over-year. In terms of orders in Q2, total product orders were down 6%. Looking at our geographies, the Americas was down 8%, EMEA was down 1% and APJC was down 4%. Total emerging markets were down 7% with the BRICs plus Mexico down 20%. In our customer segments, public sector was flat while enterprise was down 7%. Commercial was down 4% and service provider was down 11%. Remaining performance obligations or RPO at the end of Q2 were $24.9 billion, up 11%. From a non-GAAP profitability perspective, total Q2 gross margin was 66.4%, up 2.3 points. Product gross margin was 65.9%, up 3.1 points; and service gross margin was 67.7% flat year-over-year. In terms of the bottom line from a GAAP perspective Q2 net income was $2.9 billion and EPS was $0.68. We ended Q2 with total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $27.1 billion. Operating cash flow was $3.8 billion flat year-over-year. From a capital allocation perspective, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders during the quarter that was comprised of $0.9 billion of share repurchases and $1.5 billion for our quarterly dividend. Today we announced a $0.01 increase to the quarterly dividend to $0.36 per share up 3% year-over-year. This represents a yield of approximately 2.9% based on today's closing price. This dividend increase reinforces our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders and our confidence in the strength and stability of our ongoing cash flows. We continue to invest organically and inorganically in our innovation pipeline. In early Q3, we closed our acquisition of Exablaze a designer and manufacturer of advanced network devices aimed at reducing latency and improving network performance. To summarize we executed well with strong margins and EPS growth. We're seeing the returns on the investments we're making in innovation and driving the shift to more software and subscriptions delivering long-term growth and shareholder value. Let me reiterate our guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. This guidance includes the type of forward-looking information that Marilyn referred to earlier. We expect revenue to decline in the range of minus 1.5% to minus 3.5% year-over-year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margin rate to be in the range of 64.5% to 65.5%. The non-GAAP operating margin rate is expected to be in the range of 32.5% to 33.5% and the non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be 20%. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to range from $0.79 to $0.81. Our guidance does not reflect any potential disruptions in our global supply chain that could result from the coronavirus. We will continue to monitor the situation closely. I'll now turn it back to Marilyn so we can move into Q&A.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Happy to. And I know we're really happy about where the -- both gross margins and op margins are. But as you know Paul it's driven by a few things. This software transformation has been benefiting us through both – you can see it in the mix of our products when we show you the gross margin walks in our Qs as well as just overall so we're benefiting from that. I'd say the second big driver is price. We've been very, very disciplined on price, meaning we're taking advantage of raising prices where we have elasticity for example on really older products that we want to shift to newer products or where we know we have room to move. We've been doing that I think very effectively. We've been managing the decline in the pricing and the server market fairly well balancing that with the DRAM prices that are going down dramatically. So what you're going to see in the reporting this quarter Paul and I know you always ask you'll see our pricing. I mentioned in the last quarter's call that pricing was at an all-time lowest level of impact meaning the most beneficial it's been. We're right back at 1.1 points on our year-over-year gross margin walk, so it's still very, very good for us and more in line of what it was I'd say a couple of quarters before Q1. So that's going well. DRAM is benefiting us this quarter for sure. And as you know that's becoming less and less of a benefit to us now as we're starting to see the DRAM prices tick back up. But we again manage that pricing and DRAM cost equation very well. So just in general I think you can expect a little bit more pressure from DRAM pricing the year-over-year compares getting less which is why I guided what I guided. But overall you're still going to see the goodness coming through from the continued increase of our business being software driven.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. I mean, again, I would say yes, because what we're doing on the portfolio is more and more software content. So by definition it will be good for us. We will always have the potential for large swings for things like component costs like DRAM plus or minus. But as always, we'll let you know when those are happening. But yes, I mean, if you go back and look three years back from where we were there to where we are now it is long term just the shift of the overall portfolio that we've been driving.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. Hey, Jim good question and let me take a crack at it. So when I look at the segment it's – if I focus on enterprise, a lot of it is the Q2 2019 really, really strong product cycle ramps we had. So if I go back to Q2 2019, it was a record for the campus switching for – as well as for Collaboration back in Q2 2019. No excuse, but that's what that was. I would say beyond that if I would isolate overall kind of our regions from a bookings point of view, the Americas was down 8%. And if I look at that the U.S. itself was slightly better but in that range and I'd say it was driven by two areas. It was driven by the routing portfolio largely SP segment. That was the biggest driver. And the second biggest driver was the decline we're seeing in the server market. And again that's directly related to the decline of DRAM prices flowing through the entire market and we saw that last quarter as well. So that drove the Americas. Europe was at minus 1% basically flat. But that – the biggest driver when I look at Europe was really the U.K. We are seeing a slowdown because of Brexit and we did see it in the public sector significantly, which is always a big growth driver for the U.K. for us. So U.K. both enterprise and public sector has slowed down for us, which drove Europe. Europe would have been up 2 points without the U.K. And then for APJC, it continues to be the rapid decline of China. China, as I've talked about and the BRICS plus Mexico being down, China was down again over 30%. It's still only about 2% of our total business, but it still hurts the overall -- I mean, Asia Pac, excluding China, would have been up a couple of points as well, 3 points. So from geography, those are the key drivers. And, again, to your point, we are going off against some tough compares in enterprise for both the Catalyst 9K ramp a year ago and Collab just had a record quarter.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. I mean, I'll just give you the -- I'd say, the largest driver was the UC business and the revenue being down, the huge majority followed, by a bit on the endpoints on the TP. And conferencing was down marginally, hardly anything. So the biggest driver was for sure on the Unified Communications side.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. I would say -- I've talked about this. On the service increase, there's been no change on the accounting side for how we account for software. Service improvement, we've been really driving that. Maria Martinez, the lead CX for customer experience, has been really focused on driving renewal rates and adoption. And you've seen our services business from a revenue perspective tick up over the last four quarters. So, I'd say, that 5% growth you saw in services is just continued performance by that team to do that. I'd say, on the infrastructure platform side, it does go back to, again, just very, very -- we were peak -- not peak, but we were very, very high ramping of Campus, switching last year that -- so that's a tougher compare. I mean, it's still growing like crazy, but that's a big driver. Routing is still down, driven by the SP segment. And then in terms of the last piece from a year, again, we talk about, and you saw that applications was up 24%, again, which was all Collab basically, a year ago as well. So it's nothing more than those things, I would say. Combined with, just the data center server market, is -- we're starting to feel that, you can see what's happening in the market there.
Kelly Kramer: Well, we certainly – we're certainly trying to make that a sustainable kind of range. We have no desire to have that slowdown. But again, it's – the team is doing everything they can. They're offering new solutions not just – they're trying to find more ways to drive incremental growth versus just being tied to the maintenance to the product orders. And they're driving much more solutions along software and everything else, so they're working a lot of plays in the services area.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. I can go first. Yes. Your question is a good question Rod, but I would say really the – where we ended up at the minus 6% was not a surprise. That's kind of when I gave guidance for the Q2 kind of what the expectation was. I would say, as you know when we roll up – when we roll up the guide as we go for Q3 we just – it's the same process and we know exactly what's coming off the balance sheet. We have – we know exactly what's in backlog. We know exactly what we expect for orders coming in and it's just pure math. I think again back to a lot of the decline in the order rate was there's a bit of compares. But the rest when you do the math and add it all up to what you expect to come through for the next quarter it gives you the number I guided the midpoint. If you look at that it's very consistent with what our normal Q3 to Q2 sequentials are.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. I'll just say the growth rate of the Cat 9000 is unbelievable still. I mean it is a very high double-digit number. I would say there's no -- we haven't heard issues. I'd say for maybe some of the smaller DCEs there's a question about the subscription but we've managed through that. But I would say those the new products from the 9200 through the 9600 that isn't slowing and the growth rates are very, very strong. Obviously, the legacy products that they have replaced are falling off as you would expect, but we have not seen any slow on the transition. It's the fast -- and again, we mentioned this in the early ramp of the Cat 9000, but at this point the percentage of what the Cat 9000 as of total campus switching is the fastest ramp of any transition we've done.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. I mean again, I think back a few years ago before we adopted the new revenue standards, it was a bigger impact. It was up to like 250 or 300 basis points with ASC 606. It's come back down to the 100 basis points. But at this point, we don't even talk about it that way because we've been ramping so quickly the entire portfolio to that. But at max, it would be I'd say 100 bps or so.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. No. I'd say that's absolutely right. And in terms of how important Umbrella and Duo are they absolutely are the key growth drivers for us, the whole cloud security space for us. And will continue to be so. And I'd say we recently launched our Security in a great way, which is just starting. And that will be all part of our cloud security portfolio as well. And we expect that to be a huge growth driver as well.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Tim thanks. It's a great question. So I think first of all, there are many secular growth drivers that are lined up the 5G transition the 400-gig transition WiFi 6 the shift to cloud. And what we're seeing from customers is really just -- it's just pausing just trying to see what's going on. Now what I'll say is that clearly late in the quarter, if you look at some of the issues that had been outstanding that were creating some of the uncertainty like Brexit, we got closer to resolution. We obviously got a signature late in the quarter on a first phase of the U.S./China trade deal and USMCA has now gone through in the U.S.. So hopefully those will give our customers a little more viability. When I speak to the customers, they're still fully planning on moving forward. They're just a little cautious and trying to see what's going on. We obviously have the virus now that we'll see how it plays out. But overall, I don't think it's deep. And we expect that given some of this uncertainty has now dissipated, notwithstanding what we see obviously from the virus that hopefully, we'll see our customers pick up again.
Chuck Robbins: That's a very good question. Thank you. We have done a lot of work on the transformation of being able to support the software model and the subscription software model in particular with the automation. And we have -- if you go back to 2017 when we first launched the Catalyst 9000, and we announced subscription businesses on our enterprise networking portfolio, the second half of this year will have some -- a number of -- a small amount of the early renewals on that. So our team has been working hard to be prepared for those renewals. And then in fiscal 2021 we'll see a material number, a reasonably material number associated with that. So I think the sales organization, we've run pilots and now we've scaled things. We're running other pilots and we're scaling things. And we've got the customer experience organization that Maria Martina is leading that has been building out their capabilities. So we have more to do, but I feel good about the progress we've made, and I think that we're in a pretty good position right now.
Chuck Robbins: Simon, it's a lot better just to wave hands. Now let me tell you a little bit. I don't think that it's a market that we are ignoring or we -- in fact, if you look at the announcements we made in December let me give you a little update on that. We have about five years of R&D effort in what we announced in December. So that's a lot of commitment to the market. So we do believe that there will be a resurgence. I think that-- I will talk about 5G and 400 gig as well. But just to give you an update on -- in December as you know we launched Silicon One, which is at the heart of these new systems called Cisco 8000 that we launched. And we also announced that we would be willing to sell our Silicon to go into a white box or sell it just directly to a customer if that's how they like to procure it. I will tell you that across the cloud titans there, we're engaged with all of them on variations of those architectures. Several of them were with us at the announcement in December, which shows you their belief in what we're doing. We have taken orders for both from different cloud players, and so we feel good about the acceptance of that launch. The 8000 series will be a fundamental backbone product for 5G networks and I will tell you that we have early wins on IP infrastructure to support 5G rollouts in over 30 customers around the world. They're early. Some of those are cell site, aggregation, backhaul, some core wins. Most of them are in non-standalone, which means they're enhancing their current networks, and then they'll look to build standalone networks. As we've said, we believe that will start in 2021 where we could begin to see some of that pick up. So we think the 400 gig transition as well as the 5G build-out will be the drivers that we'd be looking for over the next couple of years.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. I think the -- first of all, they have re-architected all those platforms, integrated the back ends and have a very modern set of solutions to take to market. And we're currently working -- I was talking to the team yesterday. I think, there's 11 workshops with major customers in the next 30 days to work on plans, to get them to the modern portfolio, because some customers have been running variations of the stuff that we've had out there for 10 to 15 years, so we're in good shape. In fact, there was a great analyst report that was written just a couple of days ago about -- industry analyst, about the portfolio and how far it's come and how effective it is right now. So I feel good about what they're doing. I think if you look back a year ago flat out -- Collab was up 24%. I mean -- and it's a huge business to be up that much. So they had a very tough year to compare against, but I'm pleased with where they are. There is competition. Obviously, there's some good competition in the space, which frankly should just keep making us better. But the team is doing, I think, a really good job. Kelly, do you want to comment on -- 
Chuck Robbins: And then Rod on the question around the 5G discussions in Washington, I mean, obviously they're very interested in having U.S. companies participating in 5G and frankly lead in 5G. And so we have spent a lot of time educating different folks in Washington about what technologies actually constitute an entire 5G network. So you rightly said not the stuff we have, but the radio which is pretty much what we don't have. But I think that – I think the U.S. is in really good shape. I think we have packet core. We've got cell site and radio backhaul. We got the IP routing core. We got security and we have – obviously, there's a couple of companies in Europe one in South Korea that provide the radio technology. There's also software players that are out there right now that are building disaggregated open RAN solutions that can be used in the future. And so we're spending a lot of time helping them understand that and working to just make sure that there's a recognition that there's a lot of technology that's been built and being built here in the United States that is leading in these 5G infrastructures. And I actually, think the U.S. is in fine shape. I think both from a carrier deployment perspective, I think we're in great shape, and I think we're in good position with the technology. I don't think the U.S. government should make investments in these companies, but we are certainly working with lots of industry peers again on both education, and then trying to just make sure that the U.S. does have solutions with combining these European players with a lot of our technologies to make sure that everyone's comfortable with those solutions.
Chuck Robbins: That's a tough question to answer. We've been dealing with challenges in this segment for a long time. I think the -- history would tell you that when we see consolidation, it creates a slowing. I'm not sure that this particular one represents that because I think they are going to be an investment mode and is triggering investment with other players as well. And I think the 5G build-out that all of them are working on will probably fuel investment. I think for us it just depends on how quickly they do that and how soon they decide to build a standalone 5G network for enterprises. I think most of them are looking at their consumer networks and believing they can accommodate them on their existing backbones with perhaps some minor upgrades, but I think that will determine it. So, I think it's more connected to how fast they move on that than it has to do with any of the consolidation or no consolidation right now.
Chuck Robbins: And if you look at the -- what Kelly talked about earlier with Wi-Fi 6 beginning to ramp, that's a subscription model. Our Meraki business is a subscription model which is still growing very well. So, I don't think the subscription model has anything to do with it. I just think in certain cases some of our larger customers who are watching some of the things going on just decided to just take a pause and take a look at what's happening and then I think they'll kick back in.
Chuck Robbins: So Tal, it's great question. I think in the routing space is simply it's the 5G backbone build-out that we've been talking about for a few years. Once that starts I think -- given the percentage of our routing business that is attributed to service providers, I think that's the key as well as us winning these Cisco 8000 insertions that we have proof of concepts going on today with many of the large customers both service provider and web-scale players. So, I think that's that one. And I think on the campus side, I just think that's just a timing issue. I think that the growth we're seeing in the Catalyst 9000 is tremendous. And I think that customers that began to build out their refresh. Given where we are as a percentage of the installed base that we have replaced, it's got a long road ahead of it. I think that the only reason that we saw a little slowdown is just because customers just decided to pause the deployments a bit. But I think that that will come back when this uncertainty and the capital spending frees up.
Chuck Robbins: Routing, I answered first with the SP with the 5G backbone stuff, because of how big a percentage service provider represents in our routing portfolio.
Chuck Robbins: Thank you. All right, well let me just thank everyone for joining us today. And I'll just recap by saying that while we have seen a bit of a pause, we actually feel really good. The conversations I have with our customers, I mean all of the things they're trying to do I believe, our technology is at the heart of. Whether it's, rebuilding their applications, whether securing their data, transforming their infrastructure in this new era or changing their user experience as well as the way they interface with their customers. I think that we're in a very good position to help them do that. And we feel good about where we are. So thank you all for joining us today. And we'll look forward to catching up with you next quarter.
