Melissa Selcher: Thanks, Kim. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's first quarter FY 2016 quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO, and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial information can also be found on the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. And we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance that will be provided for the second quarter. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Form 10-K, which identifies important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. I'll now turn it over to Chuck.
Melissa Selcher: Great, thanks. Kim, let's open the line for questions. I'd like to remind all analysts to please ask one question.
Melissa Selcher: Great, thanks. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY 2016 second quarter results, will be on Wednesday, February 10, 2016, at 1:30 PM Pacific, 4:30 PM Eastern. Again, I'd like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. We will now close the call. If you have any further questions, please contact the Cisco IR department. Thank you for joining us today.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Mel. So Q1 was a very strong quarter across the board. We grew our revenue 4% and delivered non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 9%. We delivered very strong non-GAAP gross margins, and our non-GAAP operating margin was best we've seen in over nine years. I recognize that our Q2 guidance that we just provided is below what the market had expected. In Q1 we saw lower than expected order growth, driven largely by uncertainty from macro and currency impacts, primarily outside the U.S. Despite these headwinds, I believe we are executing incredibly well in a challenging environment. Let me tell you simply how I see it. We had a great quarter, guided to solid growth in Q2, and feel good about our momentum and how we are positioned for the second half of the year. As I look at the big picture, I'm extremely pleased with the speed with which our teams are executing. We have a clear strategy and are confident that we are making the right transitions in our business, investing where we need to for future growth, profitability, and market leadership. Specifically, we are accelerating our ability to deliver on the growth opportunities in front of us. We are driving internal innovation at a record pace. So far in FY 2016 we're seeing a 25% increase in major new product introductions. And three of our internal startups brought solutions to market this quarter working with our key customers. These startups are bringing incredible technology from concept to delivery in under 12 months. Stay tuned next week for announcements around an additional project that we co-developed with one of the world's largest web-scale players. In this quarter alone we closed three acquisitions, recently announced four new acquisitions, and formed three new strategic partnerships. Partners like Apple, Inspur, and Ericsson see Cisco as the market leader they want to work with to move faster and drive greater value to customers and the market. I believe we will see several points of growth from these partnerships over the next few years. We are also aggressively driving our cloud businesses. We've always had a hybrid cloud strategy, and it is increasingly clear that every one of our customers want both public and private cloud capabilities in a hybrid cloud. On the public cloud side, Cisco is a leading provider of infrastructure to web-scale and SP customers as they build out their public cloud infrastructure. As just one data point, our business with the largest web-scale players grew over 20% again this quarter. Within the enterprise, we are winning in private cloud and are focused on automating and driving public cloud economics across our customers' entire infrastructure. We saw this opportunity drive 24% growth in UCS. And our next-generation data center switching portfolio, which is our Nexus 3000, Nexus 9000, and ACI, is now at a $2 billion run rate, with over $500 million in revenue this quarter, growing over 140% year over year with sequential growth of 26%. This performance is much stronger than that of our competitors, who claim they are outpacing and outperforming us. And our own cloud services continue to grow well. WebEx, one of the largest enterprise SaaS applications in the world, grew revenue over 23% this quarter, and we continue to move more of our portfolio to cloud-based delivery models. As we deliver more of our portfolio in software and cloud models, we are driving consistent double-digit growth in deferred revenue. We saw software and subscription product deferred revenue up 36%. Security deferred revenue grew 31%, as we sell next-generation firewall and threat defense software to our over 200,000 firewall customers. Our collaboration deferred revenue grew 18%. And our Meraki cloud networking business, where we deliver networking-as-a-service, grew revenue over 60%. While we still have work to do across our portfolio, I'm incredibly pleased with our continued focus and speed of execution. We will continue to make the necessary strategic moves to drive our success. Over the last quarter, I've spent hundreds of hours with our customers and partners around the world, and they have reaffirmed my confidence in our ability to execute against the opportunity in front of us. While the market continues to move at an accelerated pace, our customers know they must move with speed as they embark on their digital transitions. It's clear to me that they also understand the central and critical role that the network plays in that transition, and they are looking to us be a strategic partner to drive their growth and build their digital organizations, cities, and countries. We are doing the right things to capitalize on this opportunity. And, as I told our teams this past week, I have never been more optimistic. Now I'll turn it over to Kelly to walk through more details on our financials.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Kelly. So, as I look back at the last 90 days and my first quarter, I am more optimistic than ever about Cisco's future. Yes, the guidance we just gave for Q2 is lower than what the market had expected, and I don't take that lightly. But for me, nothing has changed in how I feel about the business. We are moving incredibly fast and doing all the right things to drive our growth and strategic relevance. We expect the results of these moves will start showing up in the coming quarters. Every one of our customers, established industry leaders, and disruptive challengers is focused on how they manage, automate, and secure the explosion of connections and data across their digital organization. Our portfolio has never been stronger, more relevant, and more strategic, and we're hearing this directly from our customers and our partners. The opportunity is ours to capitalize on. We have a clear vision and strategy and are executing very well. We are driving internal innovation at a record pace, acquiring strategic assets, co-developing with our customers, and building a new set of strategic partnerships. I believe our speed and execution are truly differentiating us in the market, and we've just begun to scratch the surface of what's possible. Mel, I'll turn it back to you for questions.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Vijay, and tell Brian hello when you see him. So relative to the enterprise, we actually are very comfortable with the situation in the U.S. We did see weakness particularly outside the United States and particularly in Asia-Pacific. We saw weakness in Canada as well as Latin America. And we didn't see any impact that was different this quarter from public cloud. We think our customers are moving to a hybrid cloud environment, which I think is indicative of the $0.5 billion that we did in our next-generation data center switching portfolio this quarter. And so we're actually very comfortable with our portfolio. If you think about our U.S. commercial business and then our global commercial business, our U.S. commercial business was up 12%, and it is a good proxy of how our portfolio is playing in that space. And we firmly believe that if there was a significant difference in the transition of workloads to public cloud, we would see it there first. So we're very comfortable with our enterprise strategy right now.
Charles H. Robbins: Mark, that's a great question, and I actually thank you very much for asking it. As I said in my opening comments, we have in our engineering organization, we've really focused on smaller agile teams that are moving more quickly. You're going to see some innovation, as I said, that's going to come out next week. You're going to see a nice steady stream of new products in the market. In fact, one of the comments I made was that I feel like we are very well positioned for the second half, and that's one of the key reasons, is that we have a good new product pipeline. So I think you will be very pleased with the innovation that comes out over the next few months.
Charles H. Robbins: And, Jim, just a couple comments. You mentioned the zero to 2%. That's our guidance for Q2, and I think the 3% to 6% you mentioned is what Kelly presented as a long-term model at the last financial analyst conference. On the SP side, I'll just make a couple of comments that we're very pleased with our performance there. We've had the second quarter in a row of growth. The teams are executing very well. And you're right, the partnership that we announced with Ericsson really leverages their strength in radio, in OSS, BSS, and network management inside ESP as well as their real scale from a services perspective around the world. And when you combine that with our strength in IP and data center and networking and security, we think that it's a good combination. Our customers believe that they're actually quite pleased with the partnership that we put together.
Charles H. Robbins: All right, James, thanks. I hope you all noticed that we're actually accepting two questions now. I think that – so good questions. On the routing side, James, you nailed it. It's a timing issue. We had good order growth. Our new routing platforms, the new platforms that we've introduced were up in triple-digits again from an orders' perspective. So we do expect that that will bounce back. And we also have some – as I said in the earlier comments, we also have some new introductions that will be coming out in the next week or so, so you'll see that. So we feel pretty reasonably well about our routing performance over the coming quarters. From a security perspective, I think that the team has done a great job. They've integrated the Sourcefire malware capabilities into it, into our firewalls and into some of our routing platforms. So they've done the hard integration work. Last quarter, we added over 2,000 new AMP customers, which is the advanced malware solution. We now have over 8,000 customers there. The revenue grew 7% but our deferred grew 31% as they continue to transition the business to more of a software and subscription. And the team is pretty confident that in the second half of the year we can be back in the mid to high teens from a revenue growth in security.
Charles H. Robbins: Brent, you indirectly asked, so I'm going to give a little color on what we see going on in Asia. It's really a mixed story from just a performance perspective. China, we have been working and investing in for years, and we've been very focused there over the last few years. And we actually had a very strong quarter in China from an orders perspective, growing over 40% this quarter. Likewise in India, where we've been focused on a lot of country digitization efforts there with the Prime Minister and many of the ministries, and they really see the value of technology and what it can do for their country, it too was up over 40%. Then when you look at the rest of Asia, it was a real challenge. I believe it was negative 8% for the rest. And we did see some uncertainty creep in relative to those countries, particularly who had trading relationships with China, and also we saw the ripple-through effect of the China currency devaluation. And predominantly – or let me say, we saw it in some of the Asia countries in particular because they have such trading relationships.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Jeff. So on the second half, my position right now is that I feel like we're incredibly well positioned, particularly relative to the things we control in our portfolio. I've stated that I think that that inflection point in our data center switching, which has been a challenge for us for many quarters, we believe that will happen in the second half of the year. We've got new product introductions coming out across security, data center, as well as routing and others, so there's probably more innovation pipeline than we've seen in quite a while. I mentioned earlier that our team is pretty confident that our security business from a revenue perspective will get back into the mid-teens in the second half of the year. And frankly, we believe that some of the acquisition activity as well as the strategic partnerships could show up and begin to contribute positively perhaps sometime in the second half of the year. So I am cautiously optimistic, and I think I just feel like we're well positioned relative to our portfolio and what we control.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Victor. Thank you. That's a great question. So the way we see it is that our customers we believe are really committed to a hybrid cloud model. They see workloads that make tremendous sense to be in the public cloud, and then their mission-critical high-performance applications that they will continue to run in a private cloud. And we believe that we can provide the bridge for those customers. And I think if you look at our UCS growth and you look at our next-gen data center growth, that would suggest that customers are still building out data centers and still building out private cloud to take advantage of the requirements they have in high-performance applications, security, mission-critical nature. So we think it's going be both, and we have a strategy that not only is focused on providing the best infrastructure that we can to those public and service providers who are providing web and cloud services as well as a private cloud as well as the elements of our portfolio where it makes sense to be delivered as a cloud service, we'll continue to make those moves like we have with Meraki as well as security as well as collaboration.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Tim. Thanks for the questions. So in the campus environment, we've seen several drivers over the last few quarters. This whole move to the Internet of Things and the connectivity of more and more devices, some of which are connected hard-wired, others which are just increasing the wireless spectrum and the bandwidth required, the transition into wireless access to higher speeds like 802.11ac, as well as the strength we've seen in our video endpoint business also translates through to, in many cases, refreshes of the networking infrastructure. And then finally, I think we see customers who are trying to beef up their security and are looking at some of the features that we can build into our campus platforms to increase their security. So those are some of the drivers that we see there. Looking at data center, I think frankly, the teams have just built an incredible architecture. And it is built to really lower the operating costs and increase our customers' ability to implement policy in the data center in an automated way. I think they've also built incredible high-performance platforms and have given the customer the choice of both merchant as well as high-performance ASICs, and I think that the customers are seeing it. In the Nexus 9000 we added another 900 customers in the quarter. And we're now over 5,000 customers with our Nexus 9000, and it's the fastest ramping data center product that we've ever had. So I think it's a testament to what the teams have built.
Charles H. Robbins: Jayson, thanks for the question. So as we look at the future and we look across our entire portfolio candidly, we are assessing what our customers need from us and what solutions they'd like to see from us. And then we will leverage R&D. We'll leverage M&A. We'll leverage co-development. We'll leverage strategic partnerships, and we'll move on any one of those fronts across any area that we need to fulfill the solutions that our customers are looking for. Specifically, the area you asked about, to date, a partnering strategy has been sufficient for what we need. But you can assume that we are constantly looking at that and other areas and what we need to add to our portfolio. And then we determine whether we're going to do it via acquisition or partnership. But our partnerships so far with IBM, Hitachi, EMC, NetApp, et cetera, have been very positive for us, as you can see through our UCS ramp over the years.
Charles H. Robbins: And, George, let me circle back to the first question you asked on the ACI. I think you asked the ACI version of the Nexus 9000. I think where we're focused right now is actually looking at customers who are deploying ACI in general, so let me give you that data point. We added 200 more APIC customers, which are those customers that are deploying the policy engine that takes advantage of ACI, and we're over 1,100 customers now that have the APIC. So that's the number that I think you were looking for.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, first of all, I want to thank everyone for spending time with us today. And I would close by highlighting three things. The first, I really believe that we are executing incredibly well in a somewhat challenging market. The second is we had very strong execution in our results in Q1. We have solid growth for Q2, and we feel like we're very well positioned again for the second half of the year. The third is we will continue to move very fast in positioning ourselves for future growth opportunities, and I feel very good about how we're positioned in general. So thank you for spending time with us today and I look forward to talking to many of you soon.
Vijay K. Bhagavath: Thanks. Hi, Chuck. I took over the practice from Brian Modoff. So I'm looking forward to working with you and your team.
Vijay K. Bhagavath: Perfect. So, Chuck, my question is around we had done independent checks and had noted near-term weakness in U.S. enterprise. I'd like to get your qualitative color. And I know you work very closely with the sales teams and also with some of your bigger customers.
Vijay K. Bhagavath: Okay, perfect. I think my question was around we did independent checks with the channel, who had noted near-term order weakness, U.S. enterprise in particular. Could you give us qualitative color from your end? Is it just endemic weakness, customers just pushing out because their own near-term fundamentals are weak like the U.S. industrials, or is it relating to any indecision around migration to public clouds? I'd like to get your commentary on the weakness you noted in enterprise. Thanks.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, I'd say just to add to that, Simona, this is a big focus for us and all of our business units. But if you look at when you'll see in our 10-Q, we have our typical range. Our pricing has been holding in our typical range, which is a good sign. Where we saw the upside from a year-over-year perspective here is we just had really, really strong productivity this quarter in gross margins on the product side. That drove a lot of the benefit. Again, it's what the engineering teams are working on. It's what supply chain is driving. So it's part of what we're driving to offset the competitive pressures that we have naturally in the tech space. So I'd say it's definitely good execution by the team. The way that we make sure also that we're not doing a tradeoff like you mentioned because we are driving for growth and profits is we look at things like win rates. We look at things like obviously market share. So we're making sure we're making the right tradeoffs to get the wins that we want, and balancing that because it is all about growth as well as profits.
Kelly A. Kramer: So I'll start addressing that question, and I'll hand it over to Chuck on the Ericsson question. So from an FX perspective, us like every other multinational are feeling the impact of the strength of the U.S. dollar. For us it's a little more difficult to quantify because we sell 90% of our products in U.S. dollars. But I can tell you when I look at the countries that we do sell in local currency, which for us is Australia, Canada, and parts of Japan, for those countries alone where I can quantify it, it was almost two points of just pure translation on our top line growth. So for the rest of our business that's sold outside the U.S., there is certainly an impact. It's just hard for us to quantify it directly. So again, we try to see if we're getting less – if the demand is under pressure by the number of deals that we have in the pipeline or things along those lines, as well as if we see pressure from our sales teams to discount heavily. So what I'd say is yes, us like every other multinational is feeling the impact of the strength of the U.S. dollar, but I think our sales teams are executing extremely well through that and being able to sell the value of our solutions despite that. So for sure, identified two points on just the few countries that we have, and there's I'm sure more – three to four points or more even besides that that we can't put our finger on.
Kelly A. Kramer: I think you hit it right on, on switching. And on services, yes, it was up 1%, which is obviously on the lower end of what we were looking for. And it's driven by a couple things, and we've talked about this before. It is isolated largely within service revenue, the service provider segment within there. So the service providers have been a headwind for us up until the last quarter or so. So the model typically it takes longer for services to feel the impact when the product side goes down, the same way it takes a little bit longer, a few quarters, before they start to see it when the section, the product side comes up. So we're seeing some of that as well as just the service provider segment in general. They're going through a lot of transition as well. So that's a tough segment for us. But it's largely isolated to that. The only other piece I'll add to that is we are feeling very good about the outlook in services. If you look at our services deferred revenue, that went up 7% year over year this quarter, which is $600 million-plus, almost $700 million, and that's the strongest growth we've seen on that metric for a while. So we feel good about more multiyear deals coming in and future revenue coming from that. But, clearly, this quarter at 1%, it's on the low end and isolated to the service provider section.
Kelly A. Kramer: Right, okay. Thanks, Pierre. That's a great question. So, first, to your last point, we definitely have seasonality in our gross margins, if you look back. Typically, Q2s and Q4s have lower gross margins, driven by our mix. Those are very, very big quarters for us on the UCS side, on our data center business. So that's a big part of what's driving it. And conversely, Q2s and Q4s (sic) [Q1s and Q3s] are typically higher. Now I would say again, we had very, very good execution across the board on gross margins, and again, driven by the performance by the teams on the productivity side. So, again, that will continue to help. When I go to Q2 guidance, you picked right up on it. Q1 still had the set-top box business in it. In my guidance for Q2, I completely removed the set-top box business, which is why it's up a full point of our typical guidance of 61% to 62%. We're now up to 62% to 63% for that benefit. So just to remind you, when we get rid of that business, which we are working to close this quarter, we'll see a benefit of approximately a point on gross margin, about 0.5 point on operating margin rate, and very negligible at the EPS level of things flowing through. So we're baking that in the guidance since my guidance excludes that altogether. But overall, again I just attribute it to the disciplined work on VCP on the productivity side as well as the sales teams being very disciplined on pricing.
Kelly A. Kramer: Absolutely. So, yes, I'll hit the software subscription one. So this is a big focus of us both from the acquisitions that we're doing. As you see, most of those have been SaaS businesses or software businesses, as well as internal development. So we've really been focused on driving our software and enterprise agreements across the board, and I think you're seeing that translate onto our balance sheet that we will benefit from. When I look at the amount of our revenue coming off the balance sheet on the product side, it continues to increase, and that's how we're driving all our business units to continue to find those and build those solutions. I'd say Meraki is a good example in our Cloud Networking group, where basically a third of their business gets deferred the way they sell their solution. So we're going to see more and more of that as we go forward, and we'll see the benefit of that not only on more predictable revenue but also strong margins. I'd say on the operating margin, to address that, again we had – it was a great quarter for operating margin. I would say again where we talked about the benefit we're seeing on gross margins, we are being disciplined to make the right tradeoffs. We're going to fluctuate always between quarters, but we are again driving for that profitable growth. And we are looking relentlessly for efficiencies so we can fund the investment into the internal R&D and go to market.
Kelly A. Kramer: And to the second part there on how to think about the subscription and software part of the business, I would say you're going to see it a couple ways. I think the amount that we see translate onto our income statement or amortize off on the product side is just going to continue to accelerate. It's been growing in the 15% to 20% every quarter, and that's just going to continue as we look forward because we are growing our SaaS businesses. We are adding to our SaaS businesses with acquisitions. And I'd say on the other parts of our business that haven't traditionally been monetizing through software or licenses, we're coming up with all kinds of different offers that our customers are interested in. So I'd say we're going to see both the balance sheet deferred side grow. It will continue to be a larger part of our product revenue, growing double digits, but it's still in the 5% to 6% range as of right now on our product revenue. But that will grow in double digits going forward for many quarters.
Kelly A. Kramer: On the OpEx, so on the OpEx, Paul, we are obviously driving that hard and managing it well. I will say though and just in full disclosure, as you would expect, much of the FX headwinds we're feeling on the top line, we are benefiting from on the OpEx side as well. So we're balancing both of those things. And for this quarter it was a couple hundred million dollars. So I'd say that we will make the tradeoff on OpEx to balance what the business is facing on margins and top line and everything else because we are being very focused on where we're putting those investment dollars to make sure we are putting the R&D dollars in where the innovation is. So I think what you can take away is that OpEx as a percentage might change as currency changes, but we will manage within there very tightly and disciplined in terms of balancing it with the rest of the business.
Kelly A. Kramer: So what I was referencing – again, I think for sure the impact that we can see in the countries where we sell in local currency, which is only a few countries, is about two points. So for all the other countries, including the emerging markets and Europe, it's hard for us because we sell in dollars to really quantify the impact, but there's certainly impact on demand. You're right about Brazil and Russia. They have been challenged for some time. I think the growth in our emerging being up 11% is largely driven by the strength of India and Mexico, which have been very strong for the last five quarters, and now adding onto that China with having broad-based strength is really driving that back up. If I back out the BRICM countries, the rest of the emerging markets are I would say not really growing. They're flattish to up to 3% when I exclude the BRICM countries because they are feeling that impact I would say of currency. And I think there's still the uncertainty if the U.S. raises interest rates what that will further do to U.S. dollar strength. So it's tough to have the full-view quantification of it, but we do think if the rates stayed where they are today, it might get a little easier of a headwind as we move forward through the year. And now it's just I think the uncertainty enterprises are feeling as well as interest rate uncertainty going forward.
