Melissa Selcher: Thank you, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 94th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher and I am joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales; and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have corresponding webcast with slides on our website in the Investor Relations section. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. Throughout this call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on the Form 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise stated. I will now turn the call over to John for his commentary on the quarter. 
Melissa Selcher: Before Frank continues I want to clarify one number the Asia-Pacific, Japan, China region was down 3% in terms or orders year-over-year not 30%. 
Melissa Selcher: Thanks John. We'll now open the floor to Q&A. We still request that sell side analysts please ask only one question. Operators please open the floor to questions. 
Melissa Selcher: Great, thanks John. Cisco’s next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY ‘14 first quarter results will be on Wednesday, November 13, 2013 at 1.30 PM Pacific Time, 4.30 PM Eastern Time. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it’s done through explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call. 
John Chambers: Frank, thank you very much. The most difficult decisions we make as leaders are those that impact our employees. However, we will always take the necessary actions to efficiently manage our business for the long run. Consistent with what we have said over the past two years, we are positioning Cisco to accelerate and lead with greater speed, flexibility, and agility. As we closed a very successful fiscal year ‘13, I am very pleased with how we are operating as a company and the value we are delivering to our customers, our partners, our employees, and our shareholders. We have delivered on and remain committed to our long-term profitable revenue growth of 5% to 7% and capital returns of the minimum of 50% of free cash flow annually and believe Cisco is better positioned in the market today than ever before. As I look at the area as a very-sought momentum going to Q1, I feel extremely confident. I know it is a long list, but I ask you to bear with me as I think these areas of strength are proof of our increasing relevance and strong execution over the next number of years. Specifically, I am very pleased with the following: U.S. enterprise and commercial momentum, beta center and cloud leadership, mobility and wireless strategy, switching growth and leadership, European momentum and execution, SP strategy and architecture, global public sector improvements. We have seen two things that have changed over the course of this year. First, the economic recovery is slower and more inconsistent with global GDP continuing to sit down for calendar year 2013 and global challenges in Southern Europe, several of the large emerging markets and Asia-Pacific. Second, the pace of change has continued to increase. This is an environment that we are very effective at and very much want to lead. We are going to focus on aligning our resources to our top opportunities, speeding the decision cycles and time to implementation, balance sheet expenses to revenues, and driving efficiencies in the business while investing in growth. We never convinced ourselves. The market will evolve a certain way because it’s convenient to our current business rather we align closely with our customers to transform to meet the long-term market needs. We prioritize and invest for where we believe the market is going. Every technology company should move with this agility, many don’t, and those companies that don’t get left behind. Investments we made many years ago are paying off today. Nothing is more evident than what we discussed earlier in terms of our movement in the datacenter. It's started over seven years ago. We've recognized the impact of datacenter and cloud would have on networking and opportunity to bring innovation in terms of product architecture and go to market. We move from being unknown in the market to the number one cloud infrastructure provider today as reported by Synergy Research. We're driving the same strategy across our business using innovation, acquisitions, spin in and partnering to drive our agenda making strategic bets and investments to position us well for the future. My confidence in our ability to be the number one IT Company is increasing. This leadership is evident and our customer and partner satisfaction scores that are the highest in the industry and our customers want us to do more. Now more than ever our customers and our partners want Cisco's help navigating these challenging landscape successfully. They recognize the benefit of a partner who is not only the leader in their product categories but can bring technology and solutions together in an architecture to lower operating costs, reduce time to market and future proof their investments. I'd love any player to take us on in this strategic approach. This is a strategy we invented and have delivered on successfully for over two decades and we’re moving aggressively to play on in even broader scale. While we’re planning conservatively given the broader macro environment we remain very much a company on the offensive and very comfortable with maintaining our position as the disrupter in the industry. Both today and in the future, we'll measure our success by the value we deliver to our customers, partners, employees and shareholders. Mel, let me turn it over to you for questions. 
John Chambers: Sure so the environment in terms of our business is improving slightly but nowhere near the pace that we want. You know what product orders have done, minus the acquisition and spin offs because that gives you a feeling for what our growth is going to be and those will bump them up or down. It's just not growing at the speed we want, the inconsistency of global GDP growth and about the time you see Northern Europe start to get stronger, you see the issues in emerging markets start to get softer. You see us successful in one category switching and you see us not as successful except in the edge in terms of the routing. You begin to see a balance which was 13% growth in emerging markets back down to 8% in terms of the opportunity and so the combination of weakness in APJC offsetting what went on in Europe the strength in the U.S. offset by what went on in emerging markets, et cetera, is kind of leveling off. So, Tal what we see is slow steady improvement but not at the pace we want. Now if we're going to lead in this industry the one thing I have learned over the years is you're the first mover. We have to very quickly reallocate the resources. So, you know a fair amount of that 4,000 people will be allocated to new growth opportunities. The second thing is even though Gary I think you and I would agree we were very pleased with how we made progress in the last two years on speeding up decisions, in today's marketplace, they're almost up exponentially on how quickly not only decisions have to be made, but how quickly you implement those. Those need to be done with small things. We just have too much in the middle of the organization. When you have that type of layers and standard controls without meaning to, very well-meaning people begin to really look at how they add value to the decision made and probably we’re just not moving with the speed that we need in this area. So you can see us focused very much in this area on expanded control and also layers. It's all about speed and pace in this new industry which we intend to balance in. Third, we make commitments on our financial model which we're absolutely sticking to. You heard our commitments 61%, 62% gross margins. You heard our commitment operating margins 27.5 and 28.5, you’ve seen our commitments to growing earnings on most quarters faster than revenues and we see our markets grew, we’re gaining market share even at these lower numbers. Everywhere we run business in the world grows and keeps expenses in line with revenue growth and driving up productivity. Candidly, we didn’t drive productivity this last year. So, with the change in the macroeconomic environment and you saw this from the better officials, you’ve seen it in all the forecasts on emerging countries, etcetera and you saw it in our business numbers with inconsistent data even in our own operations, which tends to be more lumpy than I like to see. This is just good business management. And I’d learn in this industry you lead with you mind, not with your heart and this is something that we think will allow us to grow our profits, but also most important to achieve the number one position in the industry and move our resources very quickly to the growth opportunities. If this were a normal pace, you can move those resources over two years with attrition and realignment. But I think Gary given what we want to do on speed and organizational structure and our ability to move fast, you are going to see us target that 4,000 people, we are obviously going to hire that part of them and in other categories and realigned where we need to go for growth. So, Tal, that’s a blunt question. My key takeaway is I am real pleased with our momentum in the market it just is not growing as fast as we need. And there are enough inconsistencies in the market we think not to remain agile and flexible to be able to grow for our growth markets quickly putting the resources behind that is needed. This is what we strongly believe we will do as a company. 
John Chambers: Okay, Simona. We will answer all the questions, but we will try to ask in the future for just one. Let me take the book-to-bill, you take the other two financial questions, then I will take the service provider question. The book-to-bill was in line with our normal Q4s. It was very comfortably over 1 and I mean very comfortably in line with what we normally see. In terms of the quarter linearity to the indirect part of your question, the first month of the quarter was lighter than we would like, second month was very consistent, third month was more stronger in terms of the linearity. Maybe Frank to the other two issues and then I’ll do the service provider question. 
John Chambers: Now Simona to your question on service provider, I could not be more comfortable with where we’re in our service provider architecture and key customers. They are spending does seem to be lumpy by service provider group and category and if you watch to the indirect part of your question we did extremely well in the edge with the ASR 9000 which compares to the Juniper MX although I think it's vastly superior which grew 43% in the quarter. We do a little bit more revenue I think than the Juniper MX does but if you were in the edge market in fixed edge this quarter and you didn't do well you had a real problem. Now if I back into that number mill, Juniper's total growth was 6% and you take 43% for 350 million, all their growth was in this one product category. There is a little bit of bleed over with ASR 9000 into the core and a little bit of bleed over in terms of other peer added products in the quarter but we outgrew all of our peers here comfortably. Our problem in service providers was in the cable set-top boxes and the cable companies. Our business was down Q3 to Q4 about 40% usually Q3 to Q4 goes up comfortably. This is part of our focus on profitable set top boxes in the market that is becoming very tough, almost commodity like. We got to be able to fix set top box business and migrate it to the cloud and implement it very successfully within that. To the other part of the quarter, we did extremely well in the large two carriers growing comfortably well above 20%. So, this is an issue that you are talking about core networks being loaded not at the level of quite that I would like to see the number of accounts, and the CapEx slowed down but largely and issue a step boxes effecting us disproportionally. And again this is part of a conscious decision to drive profitability on our overall gross margins. 
John Chambers: A bunch of questions Dan and today because I think we wanted to spend a little bit more time on the questions asked, we'll do that and I'll ask please hold them to one as we go forward. In terms of 3% to 5% guidance that is at the low end of what we said before. We were at 6, 5, 5, 6 this last quarter, last year for all four quarters. We're very comfortable with the 5% to 7% over the long run. A lot of it depends on emerging markets and GDP growth. We need some consistency there, we're not seeing it. And we are often the first ones to see changes and i think you've all seen our ability to gain market share. I have no worries here on any major competitive issues across the board. Our ability from an architecture and position overall I think is an unmatched in the industry. And I think in each categories and including some like security and collaboration we haven't been growing this fast, so I would like to see. We are starting to slowly pick up momentum there and you looked at the second half of this fiscal year, I am comfortable that you will see us exited higher levels within that. But according to me is the consistency of GDP growth and an issue where we began to take revenues which used to occur at a given point in time and began to get them recurring that means you have got all the expenses upfront and you get the revenues over a longer period of time that's great for shareholders in the longer term but short term it puts a lot of pressure on the profits and doesn't show you the growth that you would have seen under other models from a top-line growth. Frank to the other part of the question but before you do let me help you. We're obviously not going to discuss where this is going to occur in timing. We’re just now getting our communication put there, there are our employees at the time of this call is going on we will spend time with our employees and spend time talking with them on these key items. So we're not going to share any detail now or in the near term future which geographies are going to be affected at which level. So, within that framework may be a clarification on the write-downs and why the write-downs. 
John Chambers: Got you. So, in terms of the set-top-boxes, it’s a big market for us, not real profitable, which is one of the reasons you have seen how profitability do very well. At the same time even though, our revenues have dropped off. The volume literally Q3 to Q4 as I said earlier was down 40% in terms of the run rate. In terms of the transition, the customers, none of them are completely into the cloud yet and a lot of them are in between. And so this will be a transition over the next three to five years, a lot depends on how quickly we can help our customer’s transition through that and how they get their business models set up effectively on it. So, we continue to model in our expectations, the set top box is coming down. There might be quarters where we have a profitable deal or an emerging market deal that we go after by continuing to come down it to $2 billion base. Now in terms of the question about overall search provider with this, let me reiterate like I said earlier in very good shape product rise and otherwise Rob mentioned the numbers and if you look at our core search provider market the CRS it was down 30% but that 30% was one company one account that did great with us last year and the year before and they are not by anybody else's gear but the network load and we put in tremendous capacity isn't anywhere near where they require additional capacity. So you’re almost talking 30% off of our core product areas like CRS just because of the year-over-year comparison with the company is not buying more. So Brian that would be the way I would answer the first part and the wireless it's both, the wireless LAN is hot, Meraki is hot, remember that I think it's almost 30% or 35% Meraki's businesses unfortunately is recurring. So when you talk about the number of bookings, third of that just goes into the recurring revenue and that's great for future earnings but it means you got your expenses your implementation upfront and you get the recurring revenue over a period of time. What's causing it is architecture, the minute we move the discussion in the architecture and remember we get the choice to our customers they can buy (inaudible), buy the piece or they can buy into an architecture bundle, they can pick through that and when you begin to provide a product like the 3850 which is just on fire, the ability for them to pick and future proof of environment fits very good. Going back to the issue of software, when you look at what we’re going to do, we’re going to put software over our A6 and over core UCS architecture and over storage throughout the network. This is why I think you are going to see our customers begin to think about how they future proof their environment as opposed to go for an area that adds tremendous complexity with potentially I’m opinion very little benefit. So, thanks Brian. 
John Chambers: Yeah the first part of the question is obviously a combination it's a workforce realignment and rebalancing, we need expenses back in-line with revenue growth, granted all for conservative number we hope and believe overtime but we've got to move this quickly and this is where we can't free up the headcount through attrition or normal means to move it over and then Gary and the rest of the team we’re completely (inaudible) we got a speed time to market, small teams moving much faster and we have got to take a lot of this structure out mid-level management in terms of the opportunity and get moving quicker overall. In terms of public sector I do think to be a direct part of your question it's turned to corner, I think it turned the quarter and state, local government in the U.S. about two to three quarter ago I think you’re seeing on a global basis where there is also trend in quarter in terms of growth. That's too early to call. We grew 3% this quarter; Pat's group did amazing on that as well as on state and local government repeating the 9% number. This is the busy season. So in the U.S. Public sectors is probably 50% state and local 50% federal. In last quarter it was clearly the busy time for state and local this quarter as you said it's for federal, it's too early to call. There are lot of moving parts as you all are aware there. I like the trends it is moved consistently upwards in the federal side of the business but I would say it's too early to say for sure that the market is turned as much I would like to see it. And I want to verify some just before I give you numbers in terms of the trend on state and local government and make sure I got it right. The federal just to give you the balance, it started off Q4 last year at minus 11 Q1 of this fiscal year '13 minus 15 then minus 5 then minus 3 then plus 3 . So this is the first positive quarter we have seen, too early to call the trend on that, the state and local government however started the year at 3% then 7% then 13% then 9% that's the trend that I do feel comfortable which is going to surprise and the economy calling. So Fed I would say it's still a question mark and this goes back to the inconsistencies. I think that we’re going to consistently gain market share and list all of our top 18 product families is just that we are having fits reading the data just like our owned economists are doing. Hopefully, we do better that they do about interpreting where we need to go. So, that will be how I’ll answer public sector that will still – U.S federal still a question mark, but not down like we saw before at the extent we were seeing. 
John Chambers: So, a bunch of questions, I will try to go in reverse order. Again, the actions we are taking today, the first goal is all around realigning resources. And so it’s about a growth objective goal of putting resources where the growth is going to be, but if you are not going to be able to increase headcount, by definition you have to move them. Some of them have the talent to move over. Candidly, some of them were going to have to hire with the given expertise. Second area on rebalancing the resource, we got to take out a middle of a management in terms of this just not a large enough span of control, we improved from what 5.9 to about 6.9 in the last two years, but that number needs to be much higher. And this is the time where we need to get after span and layering. What I am really after there is speed of decisions but more importantly speed of implementation. Even when you push things down from the top, it can take longer than it should in this new environment which is moving at a much faster pace. And that’s where we really enjoy it. In terms of the market momentum, let me say very specifically. Our product orders have steadily improved for four quarters. It’s just been slow. And in terms of the approach that is not taking into consideration anything with acquisitions up or down or spin-outs, so you compare apples-to-apples, we are clearly projecting that continuing into Q1. We just do not have the benefit of NDS, which is what Frank said, it’s 2 points in Q1 and we don’t have the benefit of Linksys, which is 1 point. And Sourcefire hasn’t kicked in till later in the year. So, you’ve got an issue here where the acquisitions have helped us by 2 to 3 points, now they are not going to help us and you have got an issue on recurring revenues. Nice way of saying even in this environment which is very mixed, very comfortable about our momentum, it’s just not fast enough. And I am not going to let us miss a window of opportunity, which could get this company into trouble. And I think we are doing this with very much proper focus on our customers, but also our shareholders and our employees. The shareholder return and projections is good. So, 5% to 7%, very comfortable with, it’s one that I would measure our leadership team here. It would not surprise me at all if we go above it over the next couple of years. It would not surprise me if there are a couple of quarters, where we are slightly below it. Given today’s environment I don’t know anybody that’s doing back flips in terms of their growth. And most of our peers in the high-tech industry, many of them are going flat or negative that’s clearly not the case with Cisco. 
John Chambers: Yes, thanks for clarification, Mark because I know a lot of people had the exact same questions and I hope I got all of them if I remembered them. 
John Chambers: Okay. In sequencing, the product quarter growth in Q3 was 4%, including obviously 2% from Meraki – I am sorry not from Meraki, from NDS. And the product order growth was 4% in this quarter, including NDS. NDS will not be in Q1. In terms of the sequence on the numbers, it actually rounded up a little bit. So, it did continue on the line, which has been steadily improving and we anticipate it continuing to steadily improve in Q1. So that's exactly why I wanted to say very specifically, apples-to-apples its just slowly increasing but it is painful and it's speaks to the inconsistencies in the market. In terms of sequential, few Q4s always are much powerful quarter. It increases dramatically year-over-year from Q3 to Q4 in terms of sequencing numbers. This one was very much inline. So, asking about your indirect question are we see sequentially the same data that would support what we are saying in terms of year-over-year, yes we are. Q1 is always down. So, if I was to not give you specific numbers, but you use a Q3 to Q4 in double-digit increase Q4 to Q1 double-digit decrease that's why you build a lot of backlog in Q4 and we did once again this year although it's a little bit more back end loaded than we would like to see. In terms of APAC, a uniqueness is there, China is little bit unique to Cisco because of the some of the issues going on which you all are aware of but over there I think you all have seen the numbers on it, APAC and most of our peer’s impairment has slowed. We're doing better in India than most of our peers. We're doing pretty well in emerging markets there, we're getting hit hard in Japan. Japan was down in the teen and this again has to do with our successful last several years in Japan especially in search providers and it is in question, we’re losing business we just build up the networks with tremendous capacity and the great news is it is running smooth as can be, the bad news is we haven't got a loaded it at the pace that we want and the CRS is what we market demand, so you just build them up, you multi-chassis them together and those suckers hum and produce it. So Japan is not a surprise but they are down in the teens, and when it's big or bigger than China in that then you see the challenges of the two. But APAC overall is just weak and I guess what you're seeing from our group there I am not doing back flips on any of the major countries there other than India but the emerging countries, the smaller emerging countries we saw a reasonable growth on otherwise you wouldn't have got to 8% total in emerging countries if you have your top five which represent half of that in very low single-digits. 
John Chambers: In terms of, this is a compound growth number we are talking about. We are not talking about just spiking in and back down or spiking above and back into it. So, both on our 5 to 7 and 9 to 11. We expect that to be on the average if we execute well. If we don't hold ourselves accountable for the results on, so we are not sending mixed message but it's going to take us several quarters even with economy picking up to get back to where Gary and I will be more proud of the numbers which is a 10% give or take a point or two in terms of that approach. 
John Chambers: Well, kind of the good news and part of the challenge is the U.S. economy is one of the strongest engine right now in the world as far as moving to the rest of the world. And we all know GDP growth has been projected decelerating here versus what we would have thought just one or two quarters ago in terms of the direction. So, it’s a better number to work with and that’s part of it, but the real issue is we are learning how to sell architectures and solutions to our customer’s needs. And the numbers that I have talked about with Brian think about it for a moment, in a business that is growing primarily as U.S. enterprise group, a 9% year-over-year – and it’s been in high single-digits for several quarters now, the number of million dollar deals in the pipeline is up 50%. They are selling solutions. That’s how you beat it. It doesn’t matter if it’s a different consumption model, it doesn’t matter if it’s IT as a service from Amazon, it doesn’t matter if it’s individual companies trying to put together product solutions, and in that, that’s where you sell to the business leader as well as the CIO. Now, interestingly enough, Alison Gleeson’s 12% is very similar. She sells if I remember right Rob almost as many as UCSs and new architectures, including Cisco ONE in terms of leading-edge in the commercial market and it grew 12%, but she doesn’t sell in the indirect part. She sells total architecture. We respond to RFPs with their commercial group, but it is a machine, both of those average if you can imagine 10 million per sales rep in terms of the ability to Frank, and you will see us selectively add sales reps and SEs around the world, that goes back to rebalancing probably to the tune of 400 people in terms of sales reps and SEs to really go after these opportunities. It’s our fuel for the market. So, the answer is they sell what our strengths are. They sell architectures. They sell solution to customer needs. They deliver on those. And they are often the number one IT partner within the organization. Mel, you give me the signal that I have talked a little bit too long, I want to close, first, unbelievably strong results. Well, I will leave you with that message. In my view, I don’t see an area that I think that I am overly concerned at that we control, within that period of inconsistency of GDP growth and the importance of moving rapidly to take advantages of new opportunities. So, when you talk about workforce rebalancing more than two-thirds the reason for that is they are aligned to move very fast on new opportunities and get our mid-level management back to a number that will support our growth objectives as we said. We have strong momentum. I mentioned it in probably nine major categories. Mel gave me a hard time about it being too long, but thank you for bearing with me. That’s the type of momentum we are going in with. And it’s a very solid execution even though Gary, Frank, and I and Rob would be critical of our sales about what we have to better, I would argue very strongly, we are hard at executing our peers and we are winning in architectures and we are winning on new trends that perhaps 3 or 6 months ago people will be concerned about. And candidly, we are going to lead in these areas as opposed to play defense. We are going to be disruptor and we are going to be the company on the offing. So, I am very comfortable. I think if you look at the other five IT companies that Gartner has in their top six I think we have shown this year in terms of our appreciation, return to shareholders, growth, market share execution, we have beaten them all, and we intend to as we move forward. So, Mel, let me turn it back to you. 
Frank Calderoni: Yes, John. So, overall, Simona I would say that we were very pleased with the performance throughout the year, 6% top line growth, 9% from a non- GAAP EPS growth. And if you look at the momentum throughout the year, I think we were fairly consistent we started to see improvement as the year unfolded, especially in the back half of the year if you start to look at the order rates. As you know, we have flat orders in the first two quarters and then we started to get order growth rate about 4% in Q3, 4% in Q4. So, we got some good momentum. I think that also helped with the backlog kind of where John mentioned before. And then we also have deferred revenue as you mentioned which was up 6% at the end of the year. So, I think from a trend standpoint, we are first of all pleased with how the quarter closed, the year closed, and we are also pleased with the momentum that we started to see at the end of the year. Now, the guidance for Q1 that I gave was 3% to 5% on a year-on-year basis from a revenue standpoint and then also from an EPS of $0.50 to $0.51 non-GAAP EPS. So, that’s slightly down from what we normally see sequentially. Some of that has to do with what John was talking about some of the inconsistencies that we are seeing. And we are trying to be with those inconsistencies a little bit conservative as we are looking into the start of the fiscal year and as fiscal year going into Q1 always has some challenges here or there. And so we are taking that into consideration. Again, the slight decline from a profitability standpoint, we want to make sure that we can continue to drive the margins very consistent margins for the last two years from a growth and then improving margins from an operating income, we want to make sure that we are consistently following through staying committed to the long-term model, 5% to 7% long-term growth, 7% to 9% non-GAAP EPS growth getting operating margins as I said in that high 20% range. And so we are trying to balance all that as we go into a new fiscal year and making sure that everything is aligned to investing in the most effective innovation growth opportunity that we see over the next 12 months. 
Frank Calderoni: So, I think Ben to get your question and correct me if it's not addressing the question directly. I think you asked about as far as the savings going forward associated with the workforce reduction. One of the things that I think it's important to know here, is that what we’re talking about is a workforce rebalancing. And so, we’re looking at the areas of most focused for us from an innovation standpoint as we’ve talked about data center cloud, security, software and services as well as video, those are the areas that we are looking to continue to invest in. And as we go through this and focusing that we were making some trade-offs and that’s what we are talking about and we expect to continue to drive. The other thing I think is important which I mentioned in the prepared remarks is as you look at the operating income as a percentage of revenue, and this goes back to even what I shared in the financial conference that we had last December and that we are looking at high 20s. I mean, we have been to execute at high 20s the last two years. We expect to continue to follow through that model. This workforce rebalancing allows us to position the investment for growth as well as John mentioned before continue to drive operational efficiencies in line with many of the things that we have had underway and improving over the last two years. 
Frank Calderoni: The timing is purely dependent upon treating our employees fairly as you would expect us to do and also local rules and regulations and laws by country. 
