Kelly Kramer: Thanks, Chuck. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the quarter, followed by guidance for Q4. Our overall Q3 results reflect good execution with strong margins and non-GAAP EPS growth in a very challenging environment. COVID-19 did have an impact on our financial results and business operations this quarter, especially in our supply chain where we saw manufacturing challenges and component constraints. Total revenue was $12 billion, down 8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin rate was 34.9%, up 2.7 points. Non-GAAP net income was $3.4 billion, down 2% year-over-year and non-GAAP EPS was $0.79, up 1%. Let me provide some more detail on our Q3 revenue. Total product revenue was down 12% to $8.6 billion. Infrastructure platforms was down 15%. This is the area that was most impacted by the supply chain challenges. Switching revenue declined in both Campus and Data Center. We did see strong growth with the continued ramp of the Cat 9K. Routing decline in both service provider and in enterprise. Data Center revenue decline driven by continued market contraction impacting both our servers and HyperFlex offerings. Wireless declined overall, but we did see strength in the ramp of our Wi-Fi 6 products and solid growth in Meraki. Applications was down 5%, driven by a decline in Unified Communications and TP end points. We did see growth in conferencing, as we saw a strong uptake with the COVID-19 environments. We also saw strong double-digit growth in AppDynamics and IoT software. Security was up 6% with strong performance in unified threat management, identity and access and advanced threat. Our cloud security portfolio performed well with strong double-digit growth and continued momentum with our Duo and Umbrella offerings. Service revenue was up 5%, driven by software and solutions support. We continue to transform our business, delivering more software offerings and driving more subscriptions. Software subscriptions were 34% of total software revenue up 9 points year-over-year. In terms of orders in Q3, total product orders were down 5%. During the quarter, there was a slowdown in April, as we saw the impact of the COVID-19 environment continue. Looking at our geographies, the Americas was flat, EMEA was down 4% and APJC was down 22%. Total emerging markets were down 21% with the BRICS plus Mexico down 29%. In our customer segments, public sector was up 1%, while enterprise was down 4%, commercial was down 11% and service provider was down 3%. Remaining performance obligations or RPO at the end of Q3 were $25.5 billion, up 11%. The portion related to product was up 25%. From a non-GAAP profitability perspective, total Q3 gross margin was 66.6%, up 2 points. Product gross margin was 65.8%, up 2.1 point and service gross margin was 68.9%, up 1.6 points year-over-year. The increase in product gross margin was driven by productivity with continued memory cost savings and positive mix, partially offset by pricing. In terms of the bottom line from a GAAP perspective, Q3 net income was $2.8 million and EPS was $0.65. We ended Q3 with a total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $28.6 billion, operating cash flow was $4.2 billion, down 2% year-over-year. We have a very strong balance sheet, healthy free cash flow generation and the ability to quickly access capital markets. This is a competitive advantage in a challenging environment. Our commitment to our capital allocation program remains unchanged and we intended to continue to deliver long term value to our shareholders through the return of a minimum of 80% of our free cash flow annually. In Q3 we returned $2.5 billion to shareholders, during the quarter that was comprised of $1 billion of share repurchases and $1.5 billion for our quarterly dividend. To summarize, we executed well with strong margins and non-GAAP EPS growth in a very challenging environment. We're seeing the returns on the investments we're making in innovation and driving the shift to more software and subscriptions, delivering long term growth and shareholder value. Let me reiterate our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal ‘20. This guidance includes a type of forward-looking information that Marilyn referred to earlier. We expect revenue to decline in the range of minus 8.5% to minus 11.5% year-over-year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margin rate to be in the range of 64% to 65% and non-GAAP operating margin rate is expected to be in the range of 31.5% to 32.5% and the non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be 20%. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected in the range from $0.72 to $0.74. I'll now turn it back to Marilyn, so we can move into the Q&A.
Kelly Kramer: So yeah, Paul, on pricing we again continue to have strong margins this quarter. But I will say you know, some of the dynamics, we did benefit still this quarter because we had built up some inventory on memory at the lower prices. So we benefited greatly from that, which you'll see in the VCP [ph] But pricing did get a little bit worse. So pricing to your question Paul, from a gross margin rate on product year-over-year it drove minus 1.9 points on pricing, which is slightly worse than it was year-over-year last quarter and certainly for the quarters ahead, the ones even before that even so. But overall very, very strong productivity, again driven by memory and cost savings, as well as positive software mix.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. I mean, like I said in the prepared remarks, basically the majority, if not all of our supply chain challenges that we had with both components in the factories being impacted was on the infrastructure platform side, so that certainly drove a very large chunk of that revenue.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah, I mean, the thing I'll say in terms of just helping you think through the size, the relative size of these pieces, you know, of applications, monitoring and analytics, the AppD business is as I said, growing double-digits, super strong, very good, but it is still fairly small in terms of the percentage of the overall applications and then the same thing for the IoT software. So it comes down the collab, traditional collab and then when I break that down, the biggest chunk of total collab is unified communications and that is where we are seeing the pressure, which we have been seeing right in the endpoints. So that's going to be with us for a while as that goes. We're clearly trying to transition there with some of the things that the teams are building there, but that's a big portion that will continue down for a while I would guess. But again conferencing is strong and like Chuck said, the revenue - this is the revenue we're talking about. When we look at the demand and when I look at the uptake, the significant uptake we had, the offers we had during this last quarter, just using our normal what we expect to convert from free to paid is going to be a nice tailwind for us over the next few quarters here.
Kelly Kramer: Yeah. So, yeah and also just to add to the US just to add, switching was also up and strong in the America and U.S - Americas as well. On commercial, it's a similar story, all of the geos were down, but it was down the least in the Americas followed by EMEA and the biggest chunk by far, it was down in APJC. So it's directly related to the kind of the geographical look when you look at overall how the orders went. In terms of the capital - Business Resiliency Program, we really just launched that at the end of April. So like a week or two before the quarter ended. So nothing impacted that in the quarter. So in Q4, there will be I'd say a small amount - we have a pipeline that we're going through. The early signs of the pipe that we're looking at, there is a big interest for smaller commercial customers who haven't really done financing, like a lot of healthcare systems, small healthcare systems, a lot of small colleges, so that - there is a pipeline there. So we'll start to see that convert in Q4. From a cash flow perspective, I don't expect a huge impact. There will be some impact in Q4 and slightly more in Q1, but then they get back on to normal payments in the January months. So we'll be watching that and hopefully it's helpful to those customers that haven't leveraged that in the past, but no impact this quarter and it will be a small impact I think in Q4.
Kelly Kramer: Hi, Tal. That's a good question. So I would say, yeah, we had another strong quarter in Q3 and again, it has been driven by like their solution support and their software support. That continues to be a big driver of it. But your point is - of what you're hearing from other companies is absolutely true and what's happening to us, I would say that I expect pressure in my guide for Q4. I have some pressure to services there and where we're seeing it is on things that are like in our advanced services, our proactive services, consulting kind of things, those things that are either discretionary or you only make progress when you're actually in the enterprises, those are seeing pressure that I think will see translate like hitting milestones or doing projects. And then in terms of the maintenance, there is a lag usually on infrastructure maintenance. When the orders drag, it’s usually a lag for a while. So we'll start to feel maybe a little bit of that in the upcoming quarters. But overall, that's a very solid business and we've gone through cycles like this before and we always come out pretty strong on that, but I think your point is a fair point.
Chuck Robbins: Well, I don’t think you can compare it to the bubble because we were at the epicenter of that one, so that one felt a lot different. In this one, we are sort of – we’re secondary collateral damage, I would say. But I think the difference here is the broad based challenges that this thing has represent - as has presented to customers around the world. And - but we all know that the response from the Fed, the response from Congress on stimulus and the commitment to the economic acceleration or the attempt to slow the economic deceleration is certainly at a level we've never seen before. So I think that like everybody else depending on the availability of testing, the availability of therapeutics and clearly at some point when we get a vaccine, I do believe that the one difference that I see in this one is, that this came upon us so quickly and so consistently around the world that I do think customers are now stepping back and asking themselves, what do I need to do to harden my infrastructure and to better prepare my business for the next time something like this happens.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah, thanks. I guess the good news is the success we've seen in the webscale space the last two quarters hasn't even seen the impact of the 8000 yet. So it's in trials in lots of customers still - they have very extended evaluation periods before they deploy. But I will tell you, it's doing incredibly well in those trials. We're very optimistic about what the teams have built. We feel good about it. Our service provider business was up mid-single digits and orders in the Americas in Q3 which indicates obviously the capacity buildouts that some of them we're seeing as well as that webscale business. So we'll see how it goes, but right now we're very optimistic and feel good about where we are with our platform. And there are more versions of that platform coming. We've just announced the first couple of members of the family.
Chuck Robbins: So I think what we see happening with 5G is a little bit mixed, but generally there is a tendency for our customers to want to sort of put their foot on the accelerator. I think you heard some of our customers that are looking for permits and with regional governments around the United States and other places that they are not sure they're going to be able to get that done during this pandemic. You got other customers who are saying that they actually are not having a problem. But it's - so we think generally there is going to be an acceleration, particularly as our service provider customers also realize that some element of this work from home scenario will not go away. And so we're going to be continuing in the future to work in these very hybrid worlds where we're going to have even a much broader distribution of where their users will be working from and I think that's the reason that they want to continue to accelerate the deployments and the strategies around 5G. I'd say in Wi-Fi 6, I don't see any big significant shift. I'd say on the cloud, I've had mixed feedback from customers. I think that in general, it's probably a tailwind to cloud, but there are some customers that believe they have a cloud strategy and this doesn't - they don't understand why this would change how they go about it. So - but it will, as it relates to our strategy. We are going to continue to accelerate those technologies that help our customers use the cloud more effectively. We are going to - as our customers, some of our customers are going to need OpEx offers in the future given CapEx restraints. So we're working on a balance of our portfolio to be delivered in both op CapEx models to give customers the flexibility that they need. And we're definitely going to continue to accelerate the development and work around our security portfolio as it relates to remote work and cloud connectivity because we think that's only going to accelerate as well.
Chuck Robbins: It's a very good question. I think we went through a surge for a few weeks where customers were solely focused on business continuity and getting themselves prepared for this work from home environment and then I think they took a breath for a couple of weeks and then they stepped back and I could even see it in how we worked as a company. We were solely focused on the immediate virus response getting our teams up and running, getting our customers up and running, making sure we had investments in the community and all those things. And then frankly, we took a breather and now even my calendar and the things that we're focused on are much more sort of the traditional business issues and how we move forward. And I think our customers are in the same mode. I think again they dealt with business continuity. They took a few weeks to figure out okay, based on this, how do I re-prioritize the projects that I have - that I had planned for the rest of the year and I think every customer is at a different phase right now on how they're deploying it and it's going to be very industry-specific as to who moves forward. I'll give you a few examples. Obviously, we're working very closely with higher education because you see in the news the discussion around whether students will be on campus in the fall. As one of the heads of one of the biggest systems in the United States told me, they used anything and everything they could to get students online back in March and now they need to go step back and actually build the real robust long-term architecture that they need and we're working with them to do that. I think healthcare is one that they're going to make investments. I think telehealth is here finally and I think that's going to change forever and I think that those - that industry will continue to work and build out a more robust architecture to support telehealth as opposed to what we put together as quickly as we could with them over the last few months. You got the hospitality, the leisure, the travel that are going to struggle, which is one of the big reasons we wanted to make sure we got our financing program out there candidly is if they need to make investments during this time, we want to help them do that. Not only is it the right thing to do, but they remember afterwards that we were partners to them during their tough time and I think you see financial services moving ahead. So it's going to vary greatly by industry. But I think we're going to have better visibility in the next 60 days or so.
Chuck Robbins: I think that we're better positioned for sure and you would expect me to say that, but I do believe it. I think that we've spent the last few years driving a significant refresh across our enterprise portfolio, across our service provider offerings, our 5G packet core capabilities. Our security portfolio is robust. We spent the last two years rebuilding and modernizing the Webex architecture as well as unifying the user interface. We've now gone through two months of building out capacity on a global basis. Webex was the largest platform in the world in February and now, it's three times what it was then. So we've built that out. And I think that if you look at the software content in our product portfolio and the percentage of our revenue that, that represents and the percentage of that, that's coming from subscriptions and SaaS versus where we were in 2008, I think all of those things just position us more effectively than perhaps we would have been back then. So I feel good about where we are and I think that our balance sheet is strong. Obviously, our ability to navigate this financially is strong. So I feel good and I wasn't running the company in 2008 clearly, but I was here and it just feels like we're fortunate that we've spent the last few years doing complete refreshes on almost all of our technology. So we have very relevant new offers for our customers right now.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. I will tell you this, the number of emails that I've gotten from my peers from virtually every industry about what our teams did to help them, many of them saying we had to get 150,000 people up and running remotely over VPN and you guys helped us do that overnight and for that we're gracious or around Webex and how they couldn't be running their business right now if it wasn't for Webex. And I mean, so we hosted an advisory board call with about 50 of our strategic customers around the world last week or the week before, I can't remember exactly when it was at this point and they spent like the majority of the first third of the call just going through stories of gratitude around what our teams have done. And I tell you that because I think what's happened is, to your point, Jim, I think there is a tendency during these times, you want to work with companies that you believe are strong, are solid and are great partners and are going to do whatever it takes to make you successful during these times and I think that's what our customers believe we do. I think, again as I said earlier, you're going to have some customers right now that are going to look at their infrastructure, the CEOs are looking at it and saying, I will never be this unprepared for something like this again and if there is a wave two coming in the fall, many of them may say we need to work on a lot of this right now. I don't know that yet, but we think there could be. I talked earlier about what we see in certain industries where there will be investments like higher ed. Right now, frankly there is K-12 contingency plans being made, even though I know most K-12 institutions would much rather be teaching those kids in schools for obvious reasons, but it's also not a definite that they'll be going back into the classroom in the fall. So that's happening. The pharmaceuticals and the drug manufacturers are working to beef up their infrastructure for all the research, building up their cyber infrastructure for obvious reasons. So there is a lot of things that are going really well, but then again you have industries that are at the heart of this crisis who I wouldn't expect to make significant investments until we get to the other side.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah, Pierre. It's a very good question. I'm going to give you just my pure instinct on this. I think that any customer who potentially could be at risk in three months to six months is already pausing. I don't think that anybody is going to be aggressive right now because any of us can see if we have liquidity issues, we have solvency issues, we have anything that is three months to six months away, my peers, we're all planning, we're working on that right now. No one is waiting. So I think most of the impact that you will see in the next six months or nine months, I think those customers are impacted. Let me say it that way. They know they are impacted. I will tell you, from our perspective, if you map the industries that we believe will continue to invest against our customer base, there is a good correlation that a lot of the industries that we believe will invest are already a large percentage of our customer makeup. So whether you look at public sector, service providers, financial services, higher education, I mean these are all big pieces of business for us and we think that all those and others will also continue to invest. So it's mix, but to answer your specific question, I think anyone who is going to be in trouble three months to six months from now is already pausing and has already been impacted.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah, it's a great question. I think you even heard from some of our competitors on their earnings calls where they had planned on entering markets and they've acknowledged that it is going to be more difficult to do that during this time in areas where we have good market share. And again I'll remind you that in those areas, like in the campus, we have probably the most robust portfolio we've had in a decade. So we're very - in very good shape with the portfolio. And I think again customers - they are in times like these, they want to go with people they trust and know and I think that will work in our favor. But on the - in the areas to your point where we can take share, I think certainly the webscale play that we've been running for the last 4, 4.5 years I think is one area over the next year. I think in the service provider space with the 8000s and recapturing some routing share because of those portfolios and both of those sets of customers, they will continue doing the evaluations and the new deployments, because they have to because they have just requirements that are increasing on a daily basis. And I think that in the carrier space with 5G and the access networks, the backhaul networks, the core networks with the 8000 and some of our other technology we've come out with, I think we can take share there as well. So, I feel good about where we are and the things that we are in control of right now, I think we're in a pretty good position.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah. So let me just close quickly by, first of all, thanking all of you for being with us and just telling you all that we hope that you're safe and your family is safe and you continue to be safe. I also want to just reiterate our gratitude for the front line workers and these are the healthcare workers, the first responders, some of our colleagues locally who are in the homeless camps, helping try to stem the tide of this pandemic flowing through those kinds of environments. Those people who live paycheck to paycheck who are struggling right now, our thoughts and prayers are with everybody and our gratitude is especially with those who are on the front lines. We look forward to getting to the other side of this and we look forward to doing our part in helping our customers and helping society actually thrive as much as possible during this very difficult time. So thanks for being with us today on our call.
