Chuck Robbins: Yes, Meta. Thank you. So on the demand issue, I'd point out a few things. Number one, without a 2-percentage point of orders that we de-booked relative to Russia and Belarus, we grew 10% against a year ago growth of 10%. So we feel good about that. Our customers are not signaling any real shift at this point. We're not hearing that from them. Again, we had our global customer advisory board just a couple of weeks ago where we had 100 of our biggest customers and they were all talking about projects in the strategic nature of everything they're trying to accomplish. The last thing I would point out is on the enterprise side, last quarter we grew 37%. Just to keep in mind the way we define enterprise is a finite list of named customers. So it tends to be more lumpy. If I look at how the industry defines enterprise, that would reflect a combination of our enterprise and our commercial business. So for comparisons to what we're hearing in the marketplace, I thought we would give you that combined number. If you combine enterprise and commercial together, we grew 9%, but without the Russia impact, we actually grew 12% and on a trailing 12 months basis it grew 28%. So we are still comfortable with the demand signals that we're seeing and our customers aren't telling us anything differently right now.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Samik, it's a great question. So let me start with just the basic answer is there is no reflection of demand issue in our Q4 guide, that has nothing to do with the Q4 guide. Let me try to describe how we got to that. I think it's important for everybody to understand. When we look at our Q3 results, we had -- from a revenue perspective, we had $200 million impact from us ceasing operations in Russia and corresponding revenue write-downs that occurred. Those were one-time. We then had, if you recall, our quarter ends at the end of April. Most of what you've heard from others, they are quarters into the end of March. So we experienced an entire quarter of the China lockdowns. In Shanghai, it was from March 27 until today. Shenzhen shut down, but again it opened up a week later, so we're talking really about the Shanghai situation. So we had $200 million from Russia and then we had $300 million that was completely attributed to our inability to get power supplies out of China. That's the simplicity of what caused the problem. As an example, we had 11,000 PCB assemblies built, we couldn't get power supplies for because of the lockdown. That's a simple fact of what happened in Q3. When we look at Q4 and you think about the Shanghai lockdown and what we've heard because in Shanghai, there are lots of components that go into our power supplies. So we're not able to get those components. Shanghai now is saying they're going to open up June 1. We don't know exactly what that means and what that means to when that implies that we would start getting any supply out. And correspondingly we believe when they open up and when they do allow transportation logistics to start up, we believe there is going to be a high degree of congestion. We believe that there is going to be lots of competition for ports capacity, airport capacity. And we just believe that that combined with the inbound efforts, trying to get raw materials back into the country, et cetera, we just believe that it's going to be impossible for us to catch up on this issue in Q4, which is what led to the guidance in Q4. So even though these top line numbers don't look good, it's very simple explanation as to what occurred. So then the follow-on part of your question is, when do we think this gets better. Well, if we make the assumption that China does begin to open up and we do begin to get more natural flow of the power supplies. We also have had our teams over the last six to nine months have been working on a lot of mitigating actions, redesigning 100 products, over 100 products to give us component diversity, we believe that a combination of those starting in our Q1 and in the first half of our year will start to see the benefit of that. So, that's when we expect to see it improve to some extent. We need to get through the next 90 days, but I'm just being as transparent as I can about what we see and when we think some of that improvement will occur.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Ittai, thank you. Both good questions. I think on the first one, I think that the biggest differentiation was April. I have spoken to peers who are feeling the same thing we are that we are reporting the full month of impact and it wasn't April issue for us. So now on a normalized basis for that question across the portfolio, all of us design products with different components in. So there is opportunity for us to have a unique issue with one component that we may have designed into a product or we may have an unique advantage because we designed a certain component into a product. And those are the areas where I talked about we're redesigning where we have unique problems or just problems in general, though others may have the same problems. So we think that the exposure in general was because of the month of April. Also we do massive volumes. And in general, you would think that's a huge advantage, but just to put it in perspective, we shipped more revenue in the last week of our quarter than many of our competitors that you're referencing shipped in their entire quarter. So it's just an issue that it shows up in a bigger number for us than it would. If they have the same problem, it might be a $20 million impact for us, it might be a $200 million -- $400 million impact. So that's the first one. The second one what I would say is that we are constantly evaluating our global supply chain. And so it's not about one country, it's about resilience. And the way we've designed supply chains over the last 15-20 years as an industry, I think we all realize we're evolving that now at the same time that we're triaging all of the current issues that we have. So our teams have a dual challenge. But we are constantly driving geographic resilience. The example I would give is that we -- before COVID we had regional redundancy built in, we did not have a plan for a country to shut down. And so it takes time to go out and create that geographic resilience, but our teams are working on all of those kinds of things right now, so they will continue to do that Ittai.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. It absolutely does, Simon. Let me start and then I'll kick it to Scott to talk a little bit about it. So, first and foremost, we are incredibly active purchasers in the broker market. And you can imagine, with our buying power, they call us first. And so -- no, that has nothing to do with it. In fact, we've spent a lot of time with our supply chain team who had given us examples of where they've bought product in the broker market recently. So I don't think that's it. But Scott can explain what did happen there.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. First, I'll let Scott add on the price increase in a moment, but first of all, the price increase really did not have significant impact on our growth. We only passthrough pricing at the time that was offsetting our incremental cost. And to be honest, we've incurred more cost since then. So we were at a place right now where we have not even passed through all the costs that we have incurred. We're getting price increases all the time now. So that's the first answer. On the second one, the easiest thing for me to tell you is what I said earlier that the way our peers view and report and the industry views and reports enterprise would be the combination of our enterprise and commercial business which last quarter would have grown 9% and would have grown 12% without -- or it grew 9%, but would have been 12% without Russia. So if you think about the size of that those two businesses combined growing 9%, I'm pretty comfortable that the demand is still there. And if you look at our commercial business, which usually is the leading indicator of a shift of demand momentum, they grew 19% in the quarter. So I'm not concerned.
Chuck Robbins: I got you Rod and you're actually thinking about the right way. You think about exactly the way I'm thinking about it. So first thing I'll say is that I think any seasonality right now is out the window with the current situation and with what we've seen with the order demand. We were doing 18-month planning with certain customers. And if they placed 18 months' worth of orders last quarter and now they're going to pause and we may be doing it with three fewer customers this quarter. So I mean it's just -- it's a very difficult thing to get your head around. So there's two things that I look at. Number one, what is our quarterly growth rate vis-a-vis a year ago to see because I think about momentum of demand from one quarter to the next sort of -- you have to look at that delta, right. Because if you grow 30% on 1% and then you grew 30% on 15%, then that would be declining demand momentum. That's the way I think about the math, right. So that's one thing we watch for. But the second thing is I think to your point I've been talking to the team about it, when we start comparing against these 30% quarters, I think we have to go back two years and get a real assessment because those numbers we know had pull ahead in. We don't know how much as we've talked about, but I think you're right. We have to sort of doing analysis from two years back to really feel like what do we really seeing right now and that's -- it's going to be a difficult thing for us to navigate because the historical way we've looked at these metrics just won't apply right now. And I think once we cycle through a year, another four quarters of the stuff, maybe we get to normalized -- a normalized view. As I've said, we're going to go through a phase where our order demand growth will be lagging our revenue growth and then hopefully we'll get to a point where those two will get back into more of a predictive model and we just got to get there.
Chuck Robbins: I think COVID changed everything about how our customers think about technology. I think that pre-COVID a lot of customers when they went to slow spending, they would stop spending on technology. And I think COVID had them feel the impact of those decisions. And they're not -- they're going to be very prudent about stopping key projects that are giving them customer differentiation capabilities or modernization of their infrastructure or supporting hybrid work or making sure they're not falling behind their competitors. I mean, it's just a different day to day relative to what CEOs, the public sector leaders, how they think about technology and the importance of it. Even though they thought it, it was really important three years ago, their understanding of today is much different. And so I'm not saying they won't make those decisions. I just think there is a higher bar for them to make those decisions.
Chuck Robbins: Q3 was right in line with normal pattern. And I think Paul, the thing to remember is, yes, we're a little skewed because we had three quarters of 30%. If we went back a year and a half and I said we're going to grow 10% product orders on top of a 10% quarter from a year ago, we would have been quite happy with it. We're just worried about it because it's fallen 330s when there was a lot of planned purchase built into. So we will tell you. Obviously next quarter we'll have an update, but right now, it doesn't feel like there's any significant shift.
Chuck Robbins: Sure. On the RPO that we talked about, you got the number right, $16.2 billion of short-term RPO, which is up 9%. And so short term by definition means that accretes into the revenue stream in the next 12 months. That growing by 9% is a pretty good leading indicator of at least what that piece of -- how that piece of our business looks as we go into Q4 and then we'll give you an update on how short-term RPO growth looks at the end of Q4 and you can get a sense of it in the end of fiscal '23.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I mean with the backlog. So a couple of things. I think what you may be trying to get out on the backlog question is the durability of that backlog. And there is -- this is something that obviously we've been tracking very closely. What I'd say on order cancellations is they continue to run at a rate that is actually below where it was pre-pandemic. So we're not seeing any cancellations there. We continue to see very strong pipeline and pipeline build, which is something else that I think you would expect to see weaken if there was softening demand. As we look at kind of further out with what's sitting in the backlog, we've also put in place a policy change that says those orders are non-cancelable with all orders are non-cancelable within 45 days of the committed ship date. That just went into place in the beginning of February. So orders that we've received since then within 45 days of shipment are non-cancelable. And for our biggest customers, we've been working with them on a bespoke basis to put in place agreements where we will guarantee supply, but they guarantee that those orders will not be rescheduled or canceled. So feel good about the durability of the backlog we've got.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. So, Tim, on the first one -- thanks for the questions, by the way. On the first one, I think that as we see if we see reductions in our input costs over time, then we will take into consideration whether we pass those through to the customers. The reality is as we've taken on so many input costs increases that we haven't passed onto customers that will look at it holistically at the time where that stuff begins to occur is what I would tell you. I'm glad you asked on the software growth because I think it's something that we want to explain. So it's a little difficult to understand completely and we have a really interesting quarter because the extra week a year ago in the Russia situation and the supply chain situation. So let me try to take you through what's going on in software. If you start with the fact that we have well over $2 billion of software in backlog that is connected to a piece of hardware that we will not begin recognizing the revenue until the hardware ships. So -- and that's up $1 billion year-over-year. So there is a large component of software that we're not recognizing right now that we would in normal times. So it's the first piece. And then if you take into consideration the extra week from a year ago where we do ratable recognition of revenue on a daily basis, we had an extra week. And then you take the software that we wrote down -- software revenue that we wrote down as a result of ceasing operations in Russia. So those three -- the first one is hard to put a number on, but assume it's reasonable. The Russia and the extra quarter was a 5-point headwind to our software growth. So I know it's a little complicated, but I wanted to make sure you understood that. So I would expect this stuff to normalize back particularly without the Russia and the extra week impact. And then when supply chain starts to clear, then we'll start to see those normalized growth rates that we would expect, so hopefully that wasn't too complicated.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. The renewal stuff in '23, it could be helpful. We are continuing to make progress on that across the portfolio. I mean, we've got subscriptions running on switching on routing, enterprise routing, on enterprise wireless. We've even built some subscriptions into our mass scale infrastructure group. We've got subscriptions now in our data center networking group. So they'll sort layering in over the next few years.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. So first of all I think market share is incredibly difficult thing to assess right now because of the backlog situation, supply chain situations and we have a complex portfolio. So are we losing share in somewhere? I suspect there is somewhere that we are losing share. But in our core markets, I actually feel really good about how we're performing and the demand that we've seen in whether it's WiFi or switching or particularly in SP routing and in the web scale space and other areas. So I don't think there is a widespread problem of share, but I'm sure there are pockets that we -- our teams are working on improving. So that's the first piece. Amit, on the China thing, let me -- what we've built into the guide is just a whole lot of uncertainty right now. Because we recognize that when they do open up, first of all, we don't know what that means. We don't know what open up means. Does it mean that they're going to slowly open grocery stores and salons and things of that nature and that the logistics side of it or do they open up the logistics all day one? What does it mean about the capacity of resources they have for the logistics side? But our concern is that every company there is going to be trying to ship out? In some cases, many of the factories have been approved to keep working and their workers have been working in dormitories. So they have components or ready to ship product that is sitting on the floor and it's all going to raise for the ports. It's all going to compete for the airports. And we know there's lower air traffic capacity right now for us to leverage. So we're concerned about how long it takes to clear that up, which is reflected in the guide. We also think that once it gets into their ports and it starts coming in the U.S., we have the risk of seeing what we saw in LA several months ago. So those are all just the unknowns about what does opening up look like and what's the timeframe for recovery that led us to the cautious guide that we put out there. And I would just remind you that it's not just Shanghai. I think as of the last article I read, there were like 45 cities that were in lockdown and it was over a quarter of the population of China. So it's broader. But that's how we're thinking about it and we just have to wait and see how it unwinds.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Marilyn. So first of all, I want to thank everybody for spending time with us and diving into this the complex situation that we face. It's clearly a dynamic and challenging environment. We clearly faced unanticipated events during Q3 with the COVID lockdowns and the war in Ukraine. We think the short-term challenges that we will manage through, our teams have been working really hard on these mitigation actions that we believe will begin to benefit us in the first half of our next fiscal year, which is good. We're successfully realizing price increases, which is good. And also in Q3, even though we had a miss on the top line, I just want to point out that it was a record EPS quarter for us as a company. And at the low point of our guidance for Q4, we will deliver record EPS for the full year. So while the topline is disappointing, we have navigated this complex year and actually will deliver solid EPS when we're done. The fundamentals are strong a lot, still in our favor. Demand, business transformation is working, the technology transitions and the number that we're participating in. We have great teams around the world and that leads me to have a high degree of confidence despite the short-term challenges that we face. So thank you all for spending time with us and we look forward to connecting with you next quarter.
Scott Herren: Yes, it's a great question, Simon. What I'd add is, if you recall, we did two price increases this year. The first one enrolled in right about the end of the calendar year and the second one at the beginning of our second quarter. And we said at the time that we thought -- you continue to ask like what are those price increases, when they are going to show up in the top line? And we said we thought we would begin to see the benefit of those toward the end of the third quarter, which is the quarter we just closed and that's exactly what happened. So while the unit shipments in the quarter were off because of the issues that we've talked about with the supply chain with the component supply, the -- we were able to offset that with pretty strong pricing. In fact, the list -- we published this in our Q, so you'll see it there, but our pricing was up about 160 basis points in Q3. So while we do have a unit impact from the component supply, it was offset by some of the things that we're doing in the -- we are beginning to realize on the price front. We are actively pursuing every avenue. It's got to be a qualified vendor and so we're working to qualify different sources at the same time. We are actively pursuing that whether it's through a broker, obviously directly from the vendor, but through a broker, distributor, we're pursuing all those channels and that is creating a bit of a headwind to us.
Scott Herren: Yes. And Sami to the first part of your question, the 160 basis point impact that we saw in Q3 from pricing is a revenue statement. Obviously to go from bookings to revenue, it first has to flow through the backlog and then get realized. So the impact on bookings while we haven't quantified, it would be a little bit higher than that 160 basis points.
Scott Herren: Yes, Tal, I think the way to think about it is back to one of the statistics that we gave you first time last quarter and then again this quarter. We've got backlog now greater than $15 billion in product. And within that, more than $2 billion of software sitting in backlog. You add that to the $30 billion plus of RPO we've got and we're sitting on about $45 billion of sales we've transacted that have not yet accreted to the revenue line. So I think it for as you think about the way you want to model out next year, you need to think about the rate and pace of revenue growth being dependent on supply versus being dependent on in quarter bookings growth. And that's certainly the way I think about it.
Scott Herren: Yes, I think some of that is available in the slides that we'll put up online. It may also be in the press release. We talked about enterprise. Enterprise orders were flat for the quarter, but then you have to normalize in the impact of the Russia and Belarus, the decision to stop operations in Russia and Belarus, that would take it up to 3% growth in orders. That's following a quarter where enterprise grew 37% and the quarter before that it grew 30%. So with these -- the way we define enterprise, as Chuck talked about, it's our biggest customers. And that business by definition is going to be a bit lumpy. But on a trailing 12 months, it's actually quite strong. We continue to see nice growth in SP, particularly in web scale. We gave you some of those stats during the call as well. Those are doing well. Public sector continues to hold up. Public sector demand has continued to be fine for us. And commercial, you remember we talked about this when we first went into the pandemic that we saw commercial tip down before the rest of the sales tip down. And then as things begin to recover in late fiscal '20, we saw commercial tip up. It tends to be a leading indicator for us. And commercial growth product, order growth was up 19% last quarter. So we're not seeing -- if that's the leading indicator and it certainly has been for us, we're not seeing any weakness in demand at this point.
Scott Herren: Yes, what I'd add to that is we give the example of power supplies because that was a constraint in Q3 and part of the issue that we had in Q3 is that constraint came up very late in the quarter, right. When Shanghai went into lockdown, we didn't immediately see that hit. It hit more towards the second half of April which, of course, was within our quarter. It wasn't within the quarter of many of our peers. And there was just no time to recover from that, but I don't want you to oversimplify and I hope I'm not leading into that. It's not just power supplies. We've got issues in a number of different areas. I tried to give you a sense of scale because I know it's 41,000 unique components what we said is about 350 have potential supply concerns right now. We're working those every day and every day some of them get resolved and then every day a couple more will come on to that list. So it's not -- unfortunately, it would be convenient if it was just one or two things and we could say here's exactly what those are. It is a very dynamic situation. And what we're trying to do if you zoom up a level and say, we're not assuming it gets better or worse as we scroll through Q4 and that's what's built into the guide.
Scott Herren: I hope that makes sense to you. We were sitting on both a record backlog and record inventory, which seems like it's in contrast with one another. But it's not, right. We're holding onto the parts that we've got and we just have to get the remainder to square the sets and get those built out the door.
Scott Herren: Yes. Ben on the first part of your question, I didn't exactly follow your math, but relative to expectations we talked about, yes, in the month of April, we talked about the -- obviously the decision we made to stop operations in Russia, Belarus, had a $200 million impact of the quarter. Most of that was -- it was two months of revenue that we had to forego and there were some receivables we had to write off within that. On the supply chain side, we would have made up the remainder of that delta to our expectations for the quarter. I hope that answers your question. I'm not quite sure I followed what you were trying to get at with that.
