Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Meta. Yes, I would say if you look across the portfolio, just if I go around the world a little bit on the demand side, from a geographic perspective, it was very balanced at Americas and Europe up 6%, Asia up 8%. This is -- these all these numbers are excluding Splunk that I'm going to talk about real quickly. The segments enterprise was plus 3%, cloud and SP was plus 2% and then public sector was plus 15%. And so we saw a pretty balanced strength there. But across the technology portfolio, it was incredibly balanced. So we saw double-digit growth, as we said in security, double-digit growth in collaboration. And then in the networking space, I think it's important to point out the switching business and the enterprise -- the enterprise switching and the enterprise routing businesses were both up high-single-digits and the wireless business was up double-digits. And again, I think Scott had in his remarks that the number of $1 million transactions in wireless alone was up 20% year-over-year. So we saw super balanced demand across the portfolio. The one thing I would say that we heard for the first time this quarter that we haven't heard before is that customers -- enterprise customers are now actually upgrading their infrastructure in preparation for AI. And in some cases, they're taking some of the dollars that they've set aside for AI to actually spend it on modernizing their infrastructure in order to get ready for that. And you saw that with some of the examples we gave in these platform sales, the large logistics company that we have that actually bought the cross-portfolio solution, the whole platform, Cisco platforms and they're looking to enable AI-powered robotics, AI-powered supply chain visibility, et cetera. So we think we're beginning to see customers actually prepare for AI applications, even though in many cases, they may not know the full range of what they will be deploying, but they know they need to be ready. So that's kind of what we saw.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Meta, I would just add on that one that there -- we actually are shifting hundreds of millions of dollars into AI, into AI networking for cloud, into AI infrastructure, silicon and cyber. So it's a -- it's a meaningful shift, but we feel like the market is moving so quickly we have to do that.
Chuck Robbins: And then on the security question, yes, Tal, if you think back to -- go back about a year, what I had said, I felt like what happened is that we would start seeing improvement in the second half of fiscal '24. We were high-single-digits in Q3, we were double-digits in Q4, and I said we should see the real momentum kick in '25. And I think that's what we're feeling the beginning of that. As it relates specifically to CrowdStrike, it's hard for me to say, I will tell you that we added 230 more XDR customers, we're pushing 600 customers on that platform, which is a -- it's a pretty significant decision when customers make that decision. So that's encouraging. And candidly, the secure access product that is the cloud edge security solution is actually ramping even faster than XDR did. So the teams have done a great job with this innovation. We have 2,200 customers now that are using our AI assistant in security. And so that's very encouraging as well. So we're really optimistic about what the teams have been doing in this space.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. So on the AI orders, we did talk about the fact that we crossed $1 billion to date in the web scale space, which is solid. And at Investor Day, we talked about the number of design wins we've had, which are wins where we have received the go ahead from these customers that they're going to go with us assuming we execute and deliver on the design as they have spected. And so we're only 2.5 weeks into the year, so it's hard to say right now how those are going to flow throughout the balance of the year. But I will say that one of the absolute largest players in this space actually told us last week that they are releasing orders in one of those design wins. So one of those design wins will start to generate orders in the near future. So I think things are playing out as we expected. And candidly, it's just up to us to execute and deliver on what they've asked us to deliver.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I think that's really important, Scott, because we said that Splunk typically has a six to nine months sales cycle. And we closed I think over 10 of these cross-sell deals that were worked between the Cisco sales force and the Splunk sales force last quarter, which was promising and we also, as I said in my comments, we did the first cross-portfolio agreement that would have traditionally been a Cisco offer to one of our largest customers in the U.S. and we actually transacted it with Splunk included in that. So we're beginning to see what we would have expected at this point and maybe even a little ahead of what I would have expected at this point.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, George, thank you. You nailed it. Actually, you could answer for me. I think the -- if you look at what our biggest competitive differentiation is in the marketplace, it's really when we do deep cross integration across the portfolio and we're delivering on a platform strategy for our customers. And I felt like with the pace at which the AI revolution is moving and what our enterprise customers need from us. And candidly as security and networking continue to become more tightly intertwined, I just felt like it was important for us to have a single leader. And if you look at what Jeetu has accomplished in his four years here when he took on the collaboration business originally, I think everybody remembers what the portfolio was like then versus what it's doing now with double-digit growth this quarter. And obviously in the security portfolio, he's done exactly as we had expected. And I think we have a great networking team and I think his focus on execution, innovation and sense of urgency, I think is going to be really welcome there. And so we look forward to seeing what that -- what the teams accomplished and the innovation that they'll deliver in the future.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Amit, on the first one, we've talked about this in the past. The headwind that we have for fiscal '25, we talked about this back at the -- on the Q3 call and again at our Investor Day, we still have a tough compare in Q1, as you know. Q1 of fiscal '24, the year that just ended, we had significant amount of product shipments from excess backlog. Round number is $4 billion of shipment, we included in those Q1 numbers. And obviously, you can only ship that backlog once. So we don't get to ship that again in Q1 of this year. That not only creates a dislocation in what the growth rates are for Q1, but it impacts the entire year as well. So one of the things that we talked about on the last call was if you looked at our growth rate of the core business and said X backlog and X Splunk, you can do the pencil math and see what is that growth rate. And it's in that same range that we gave you for the long-term growth rate. So that's what's kind of underneath the positive news that we're seeing around demand returning to normal patterns, but then the headwind that creates to revenue growth for the year in the guide. On the cost reductions from the actions that we're taking, it really is a case, much like it was last year of us finding those efficiencies across the company and really reallocating. So think of it as much more of a reallocation process than it is a cost savings process. That's -- this is the same financial discipline you've seen from us for the last couple of years. And as I said in answering the question earlier that the kind of the hallmark of that is when you look at a year, which was a tough year in terms of revenue production and with the discipline that we have, we still delivered the highest operating margin we have in the company -- in the history of the company. So think of it that way. We need to pivot more resources into the fastest growth areas of our business and we're doing it by finding efficiencies and then reallocating those costs.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Simon. So I'll take the AI one. I would say that it doesn't have a meaningful amount of enterprise built into it. It's -- we are beginning to see the enterprise pipeline build a bit, but it's mostly predominantly the same thing that we've talked about in the past, which is a web scale infrastructure space. So if the enterprise picks up materially somewhere along the way, then that number could be higher. The other thing I'd point out is, I also believe over time, it's going to be -- it's going to get more and more difficult to really identify orders that are AI related because as I said earlier, we're beginning to see enterprise that are enterprises now that are updating their infrastructure as a result of AI. So does that count as an AI order or not? But anyway, we're going to -- we're going to stay pretty pure to how we measured them so far as we -- as we continue to update you on these numbers, but I think that's how it's going to play out over the course of the year.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Matthew. I think that, look, these are happening primarily in the large enterprise and in the large public sector customers. That's where we see it. In the quarter, we had large enterprise and large public sector customers that actually executed on these nine figure deals. So it's happening across a broad array of customers in different industries. And I would say that when it comes to security and networking, you're seeing it particularly in the -- at the cloud edge. As you know, when you see SD-WAN and the cloud security coming together. But we're also beginning to see it and we're going to actually drive it in the data center with Hypershield where you have security embedded deeply in the network. And I think that one of the -- one of the key benefits of the organizational change that we made is that you're going to see more and more innovation that is going to actually come from us where the security and the network are more tightly connected in the future.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, thanks Ittai. You're right. Most of these large platform deals are existing customers for sure. In some cases, these are the first -- this is the first time we've done one and in some cases, it's a renewal of one we did three, five years ago. So it varies. And I would say in all the customers, I'd say the big thing is probably an expansion for us now is the -- is the real recognition that the security portfolio is much more robust and the innovation that's been driven in that platform, I think is one of the advantages that the customers are really seeing through these platform deals that we're seeing. But also, again, I think when you get into the use cases, it's really important to understand that some of them are actually doing these now in preparation for these AI workloads like the AI-powered robotics example that we gave earlier. On the cloud order growth, that 2% was a combination of service provider and traditional service provider and cloud, the hyperscalers. And so if you look at the hyperscalers, we saw very significant growth in the second half of the year and in Q4. We said double-digits. I would just say it was meaningful and it was really refreshing to see. And as Scott said earlier, we feel like this digestion period is behind us now as we -- as we had hoped and thought it would be by the end of Q4. And so we hope to see normal buying behavior in the hyperscalers over the coming quarters.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I think from Gary's perspective, he's not on the call with us today, but I think he's focused on -- we're putting in cross-sell incentives for the -- for Splunk on the Cisco sales force. We're going to be -- we're going to incent the security sellers inside Cisco. We're looking at the Splunk sales force over time being able to sell the security portfolio from Cisco. But he's focused on simplicity. He's focused on more frontline quota carrying reps. He's focused on investing in more capacity in the enterprise space where these platform deals are more prevalent, more systems engineering and a real doubling down on the focus on core networking and infrastructure. So I think you're going to see a real -- a real renewed effort to get the team's focus not only on some of the software assets and security, but really doubling down on core networking.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Ben. So on the enterprise AI, what I would say is some customers like these platform deals that we talked about, they're buying the entire portfolio to refresh their infrastructure to actually because they have applications that they've already identified like the ones we were referencing earlier. In other cases, they are updating their data center infrastructure and their core network infrastructure to be ready for smaller training models on their own private data and or inference. It just varies across the board. And I think to be honest with you, a lot of customers are -- would tell you that we're not really sure exactly what the applications are going to look like, but I know one thing for sure is it I need to have a modern and up-to-date infrastructure to be prepared for that. So I'm just going to go in and see where do I -- where do I need to make those investments. In some cases, I may need to update my switching infrastructure. In some cases, it may be new wireless. We saw data center switching in double-digits as well. So I think it -- I think it was fairly broad based. And then I'd say on the NVIDIA partnership, it's too early. We're not even in early field trials yet with that solution. So I don't think there's a lot to share yet.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. And on price stability, Karl, if you go -- you got to go back away as Chuck just said. But if you go back to where we were before the supply chain issues and then of course, the price increases that we had to put in place because our cost went up significantly. And then it took a while, as you remember, for those price increases to turn into orders, those orders to work-through the backlog and get shipped out. We've now sort of lapped the point where we've gotten to price stability. So expect to see price impact back where it's always been historically. It's typically -- every deal we do is a competitive deal, all right. And so there's always some price competition around that, but expect it to be in the range that it was historically somewhere in that -- anywhere from 0.5% to 1.5% per quarter.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks. I want to thank all of you for joining again today. We appreciate you being with us. I want to thank our teams, our customers and our partners for helping us with a strong finish to the challenging year. As we stated, we think the inventory digestion is complete and we're now returning to a more normalized demand environment. I'm encouraged by the broad based demand that we saw in the quarter across the -- and the continued progress we're making with our customers around AI and particularly cyber security as well as core networking and beginning to see that it is actually getting a lift from AI in the enterprise space. We're very pleased with the progress we've made with Splunk with the early traction and some of the wins. You can count on us for continued financial discipline as you always have seen. And you can always also count on us to continue to invest in the future as we're doing in AI infrastructure, networking, silicon and cyber to drive future growth and future profitability. So thank you for being with us and we look forward to seeing you all soon.
Scott Herren: Yes, it is. And it's a good place to kind of explain a little bit more detail what that -- what that action is about. It's not about cost saving. So the answer is yes. It's embedded in the guide, but it's much more about finding efficiencies across the company so that we can pivot more resources, much like we did last year into the fastest growth areas within the company, which are pivoting more into AI, pivoting more into cloud and pivoting more into cyber security. So think of it more as reallocating versus being in pursuit of cost savings. But yes, it's all built into the guide.
Scott Herren: Just -- Tal, this is just a continuation of what you've seen us do. And we talked at Investor Day about having already pivoted on the R&D front, little more than 50% of our R&D spend into those three areas, into AI, cloud and cyber security. Obviously, networking continues to be incredibly important to us and we'll continue to support that space as well. But it's looking for efficiencies as we -- as we look across the company really in every way so that we can take those resources and allocate them into the fastest growing spaces. I think it's -- think of it as more of just the financial discipline that you've always seen from us. I mean, if you just look at the year we just closed, obviously, it was a challenging year on the top line for revenue and yet we reported the highest operating margin in the history of the company. So this is just more of the financial discipline that I think you've noticed for.
Scott Herren: Yes. And Samik, on Splunk, as we said in the opening commentary, it's progressing right in line with our expectations that the focus of that transaction was much more about driving revenue. Of course, it's a long sales cycle. We've already seen, as Chuck mentioned, double-digit number of deals that have closed with our two sales forces selling together. So the momentum in the field is good, Splunk. The better metric for Splunk, we talked about revenue because that obviously shows up in the P&L. The better metric for them is ARR and their ARR is continuing to grow in double-digits, which is right where it was the last time they reported as a public company. So continuing to see good momentum and beginning to see the green shoots of the sales force is really selling together. We've also done a fair number of product integrations. And I think Chuck talked about several of those in his piece of the script. And so what's going to happen over time is it's going to be harder and harder to say what is with these integrated product sets, what is Splunk revenue and what is Cisco revenue. I will tell you, we've built in the full impact of where we expect the combined company to be. But I think defining longer-term, how much of that is allocated to historical Splunk and how much that's allocated to historical Cisco is going to get tougher and tougher. So what I'd tell you is it's built -- it's performing well. We're already seeing good signs of the sales forces selling together and it's built into the guide.
Scott Herren: And Simon, on your second question, obviously, for the full-year, we don't guide at that level. We guide -- we've given you revenue, we've given you what -- what to expect on EPS. But for Q1, we also gave you the ranges for gross margin and op margin. And you know there's in below the op margin line in OI&E, we've talked about the interest impact of the money that we spent to acquire Splunk. And I think you understand what that looks like. So what I'd give you as an additional modeling point is when you look through the year, we talked about the Q1 guide being gross margin in the 67% to 68% range and op margins being in the 32% to 33% range, it stays pretty well in that range for the full-year as well.
Scott Herren: And Matt, what I'd add to the second part of your question kind of how much of the large deals and where does that go? Just a quick data point for you. We talked about product order growth ex-Splunk being at 6%. If you netted out these large -- we call them whole portfolio agreements. If you netted those out of both years, actually the product order bookings growth goes up modestly. Think of it as being in the same range. So while it was a good quarter for that, it always is in Q4, it's not the outsized driver of our growth. We're seeing growth really across the board.
Scott Herren: Yes, Jim, I'll start. I think the -- again, think of that as the reduction that we're doing as much more of a reallocation versus a headcount savings. In some cases, the efficiencies that we're going to get will be from by moving into lower cost locations. So it's not as easy to do the math to say like, hey, if you were 90,000 heads before and 7%, I expect you to be at whatever the math works out to. Some of that is not going to be just a one-for-one headcount change, it's going to be savings that come by putting more work into lower cost locations. So it's -- I don't think the math is going to help you as you try to build out your model.
Scott Herren: Yes, well, Aaron, and this is back to what I was touching on earlier that if you remember, Q1 of fiscal '24, the compare point for our current quarter, also had a pretty significant amount of excess backlog clearance in it. We talked about it at Investor Day that it was in the $3.5 billion to $4 billion range of clearance that happened in Q1 a year ago. Obviously, that won't repeat in Q1 of this year. So while we're seeing a nice normalization of demand across the board, we've got that year-on-year headwind compare of not being able to have the significant backlog clearance again in Q1 of this year. You can add that to your math and you'll get a different outcome on what's happening in the core.
Scott Herren: Yes. And on the January dynamic on Splunk, like most enterprise software companies, not only do they get back end loaded into what was previously their fourth quarter, the January quarter that you talked about, but they also get very back end loaded within that quarter to the very end of it, right? And you see that with almost all enterprise software companies. The one bit of normalization that we've had to do is we brought Splunk in, our fiscal quarters don't actually end on the last day of the month. They end on the last Saturday of the month of that quarter. And so there's typically a tail of two or three days that would be the normal end of the Splunk quarter that doesn't fall into the end of our quarter. So it will be a muted impact on our second -- that January quarter is our second quarter. It will have a muted impact because we'll lose two or three days, which are two or three big days out of our Q2. Some of that will bleed over into Q3 for us.
Scott Herren: I would say on the -- on the ability to look out and see the demand side, notwithstanding some unforeseen shock, I think the teams are back to their normal visibility. I think that -- I'm trying to even remember what it was. It's been so long ago since we had it. But I think the -- they clearly have much greater visibility over the next 90-day period. That's -- we've seen that the last couple of quarters. And obviously with this final Q4 where we think that the issue is behind us. I think going-forward, you'll see it. And I think we'll continue to see greater visibility into the outer quarters relative to where we were over the last couple of years.
