Chuck Robbins: Thank you, Amit. Appreciate the questions. So from a macro perspective, what I would say is that ironically, we saw the quarter actually slow -- showed slight improvement as we move through the quarter. So the end of the quarter was actually a little stronger than the beginning. So we -- and look, we obviously believe that our customers now are on track with the inventory digestion that we talked about last quarter, so that's positive. But we saw the Americas excluding Splunk was up 2%, so that was a positive sign and Europe was flat. So that was good. And when you see campus switching and data center switching, both positive. And by the way, data center switching was in the mid-teens growth. So customers are investing in these private data centers and collaboration being positive, security being high-single-digits on the order side, it was, you know, but we didn't see any different behavior from our customers during this quarter than we've seen. They still are ruthlessly prioritizing what projects they spend money on, where they spend their IT dollars, but we didn't see any fundamental shift in the macro. On the second question, on the $1 billion of AI, it is largely driven by the Webscale infrastructure. As I said, we had -- we've got three out of four that are running our AI Ethernet fabric and we also had two or three more design wins during the quarter, I believe, in the back-end networks inside these Webscale players. So, it's predominantly that. However, we are beginning to see enterprise pipeline materialize, as I said last quarter. So that's really what it's made up of. And it is both systems as well as optics across those customers.
Chuck Robbins: All right. Let me answer the second one first, if you don't mind since I just went on that one. It's a $1 billion of orders that we have line of sight to and next fiscal year is what I had said. And on one of the earlier calls, maybe last call, I think I said our pipeline was roughly three times that we see, but we believe we have good visibility to $1 billion in orders in FY '25. That is primarily back-end, and it is a combination of systems that are based on Silicon One, potentially some standalone Silicon One, but mostly systems and then optics as well. And then there's -- we're beginning to see some enterprise use cases, but it's predominantly back-end in the hyperscaler space. On the 5,000 customers, we basically did an analysis of where we have -- and Cisco has super strong relationships and Splunk doesn't have a presence of 5,000 customers and we've now mapped those to the sales teams. And Gary, you want to make a comment on that because you've been involved in that deeply.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, David. You remember Q4 -- Q1 of this current fiscal year of fiscal '24 was really the last quarter where we shipped a lot of, I'll call it excess backlog, right? There's always an ambient level of backlog where we had a lot of excess backlog that built up during the supply constraints. So when you think about the growth rate from '24 to '25, clearly Splunk is a positive on that, obviously adding that to it. But you also have to think of this year, fiscal '24 having a non-repeatable bit of excess backlog that was shipped in the first quarter of this year. Remember first quarter this year, we grew in the mid-teens on revenue. So if you net that out and that's the math that Tal was doing to say the core business is actually growing in those mid-single digits in fiscal '25. And where we can walk through, I know there's a lot of moving parts there. David, we can walk through that if you want. On the gross margins, I think the way to think about that, we had some benefit in the quarter. Splunk itself is a benefit, of course. We had some benefits in the quarter on product mix and some cost savings that I don't think are repeatable longer-term. So I talked about the guide for Q4 being gross margins in the 66.5% to 67.5% range for Q4. I think that's the right range as you think about fiscal '25 as well.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Meta. I would say the conversations, I think the webscalers is pretty well understood. So I'll talk about the enterprise. And I think most enterprises, there are some that are certainly running pilots that are doing some work today and we actually have had some -- we had a handful of wins in the enterprise space for infrastructure that was supporting AI build-outs, I'd say they're still very, very, very early. We had our Global Customer Advisory Board last week in Canada and I think we had about 60 customers there and they're all still trying to figure out exactly what their use cases are and how the architecture is going to play out. So I would say it's still super early on the enterprise side.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Jim. On the OpEx ramp, I mean, it's -- I know we haven't -- the Spunk team didn't put out guidance for this fiscal year, but you can look at where their OpEx was headed and layer that into the OpEx that we had. There is some growth year-on-year, there's some investment. It's not -- it's not a substantial ramp-up though in the investment on integration. It's more a question of just pulling the Splunk team together with ours. As I said, there will be some cost synergies that are likely to come more in the second half of the year, but this wasn't a deal that was motivated by cost synergies. It was much more motivated by revenue synergies. I think you will -- what you said, I think is spot on. We will see those revenue synergies begin to ramp in the second part of fiscal '25 as these are not short sales cycles as we get our team ramped up on how to sell Splunk as we get the Splunk team ramped up on how to sell Cisco and as we get our channel fully enabled to sell that. So yes, you're going to see those revenue synergies, but you'll need to think about them more in the second half of the year.
Chuck Robbins: And Matt, on the demand normalization, based on what we see today, I think we would expect starting in Q1 and beyond, we should see that normalize. Obviously, with the caveat that there are a lot of hot spots around the world, there are a lot of potential risks out there that are happening. We've got elections all over the world and the most important one perhaps in the United States. So we're certainly going to have to see how all of this plays out. But so far, based on what we see, I think that's a decent assumption for FY '25.
Chuck Robbins: No, we're not, George. There's very little inventory that -- in the channel that is something that we continue to own. In other words, when we ship it to the channel, it's sold at that point. There's very little stocking that happens inside our channel. So we're not seeing that benefit. What we are seeing is, of course, we've put in place the price increases to help offset the higher cost that we saw coming through the supply chain constraints and we've lapped those. But there's actually a little bit, you'll see when our Q comes out a little bit of pricing headwind back to the normal what it had been kind of pre-pandemic, but big benefits, of course, with the product mix of Splunk coming in and some one-off things that we benefited from during the quarter.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. I got it, Ben. And you're asking me now for fiscal '26 guide at the same time. Is that the right takeaway? Just you're thinking about it right. The underlying business, the core business of Cisco net out the benefits of the Splunk acquisition when you look at fiscal '25, but also when you take '24, net out the impact of the excess backlog that we shipped early in fiscal '24, mostly in Q1, a small amount in Q2 as well, and you get to that mid-single-digit growth of the core business that we've had. So, I think you're thinking about that right. We will talk more -- I'm not going to do it on this call, but we will talk more about fiscal '26 and beyond at our Investor Day in June in Vegas. So hopefully, I'll see you there.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. Michael, thanks for the question. The year-on-year, again, the -- I think what you're struggling with on the fiscal '25 look is expectations if you just added -- straight added where the run rate of Cisco spend to what your expectations are the run rate of the Splunk spend. And I'd say a couple of things to bear in mind. There are some one-time benefits that we had this year in our OpEx for the Core Cisco pre-Splunk acquisition, up frankly in our variable comp plans, which, you know, it has been a tough year and we've come up short of our plan. And so there's some savings in variable comp for this year and fiscal '24, obviously, I don't plan on repeating those in fiscal '25. So there are some -- and then obviously will do a merit increase as well. So there's some small increase that is just kind of the reset of the comp plans and ongoing merit. There is some investment as well in the integration, but it's not even approaching the number that with the quick math that you just did. So that's kind of the way to think about that piece. Now if you look at the guide for next year, kind of how would I say -- what I'd say about the guide for next year is I feel with a lot of the tailwinds that we're seeing right now, so let's just go back. Consumption of all the inventory that we shipped to customers that they were working very hard to get implemented is going in line with our expectation. We think we work our way through that headwind mostly by the end of this quarter, our fourth fiscal quarter. That's a tailwind for next year. Obviously, the AI opportunity that we've talked about and being more second half, but for the full-year -- second half of fiscal '25, but for the full-year, that's a tailwind as we look ahead. Security business is doing what we said it was going to do, right? It's -- we've launched new products there even before the acquisition of Splunk and those products are getting good traction. So that's a tailwind as we look at next year as well. So I think all-in-all, I feel like it's kind of a down-the-middle view of fiscal '25 at this point. It's not a formal guide. I just wanted to give you a sense of what that looked like and we'll do -- we'll give you a better feel for what the longer-term looks like at our Investor Day in June, and then we'll give you a more fulsome guidance when we get to our Q4 call in August.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Sami, and thanks to all of you for spending time with us today. I guess I'd say I'm pleased that we're getting to the tail end of this supply chain situation that we've been navigating for the last several years, on track to get this consumption issue behind us as we enter FY '25. I feel good about the overall demand environment we saw in Q4, which supports the fact that our customers are getting this digestion done. As we look to the future, we obviously are optimistic about AI, both from an infrastructure perspective, a data perspective as well as a cybersecurity perspective. Security in general, we believe will continue to improve. And obviously, we're super excited about the Splunk integration and we're committed to deliver for both our customers and for you. I also just want to quickly thank Jeff Sharritts for everything he's done at Cisco and also they were very excited to have Gary taking on the new role here and thank you all for being with us today.
Gary Steele: Yes. So we're excited about the fact that basically, we've identified these 5,000 customers where Splunk traditionally has had no footprint. And the goal there is to have the Cisco sellers open the door for the Splunk team. There's also a financial incentive or spiff in place to incent the Cisco sellers to support this activity. And that's really -- that's one aspect of where we see tremendous opportunity. And then second to that, obviously, there's a lot of overlap in our customers where the Cisco team may have higher, more strategic relationships where they can extend our footprint, assist in helping extend our footprint within the existing Splunk base and we're already seeing that activity right out of the gate. So we feel like we're off to a very good start and I'm super encouraged by the level of collaboration we've seen so far.
Gary Steele: You bet. So, one of the things I'm super excited about is the progress we've made from an integration standpoint. So last week at RSA, for example, we announced the integration between the Cisco XDR solution and Splunk's Enterprise Security solution. So bring -- bringing high telemetry alerts into Splunk Enterprise Security gives a Splunk customer that much more value in terms of threat detection. And this is just the start of the elements of integration that we can deliver that will ultimately drive growth for the security portfolio broadly, but also Splunk. And as we've described earlier, integration strategy really is a strong ground game, meaning we want to move the ball three yards at a time and we're going to demonstrate to the industry that we can continue to innovate at a rapid pace as a combined business. And we feel like we're on a really good track to do that.
Gary Steele: And in terms of the way to think about the OpEx comment that I made, you know, we talked, Meta, when we announced the acquisition of Splunk that this is much more driven by revenue synergies than cost synergies. There's no question there will be cost synergies as we work our way through this, but we will spend fiscal '25 -- from this point through fiscal '25, ensuring that we get both the product integration right, the organizational integration right, we have to do channel enablement, we have to train their sales team on Cisco, train the Cisco sales team on Splunk. There's investment that goes along with that integration and fiscal '25 is the year we'll do that. We said in the first year post-acquisition that we would be accretive in cash flow, and we will, that we'll be accretive in gross margin from Splunk and we will and that we'll be accretive in earnings per share in the second year. So that's -- think of that as fiscal '26. I know this closed a little bit early and I think there's this perception that it closed six months early. So those times ought to be accelerated. We thought the acquisition would close around the end of our fourth quarter. It closed around the middle of our third quarter. So round numbers, it was a little more than a quarter early. So I think the way to think about that is EPS accretive in fiscal '26, but still being cash-flow and gross margin-accretive in fiscal '25 as we invest in the integration.
Gary Steele: Yes. And I think the revenue synergies that we're focused on really are driven around the 5,000 accounts that we talked about earlier. The sales cycles on those are six to nine months. And so you're not going to see that immediately, but that work is happening. And we're also seeing tremendous collaboration across the organization where sales teams are working together to more broadly penetrate accounts. I think you start to see that in the first half, but it's going to layer in, you're going to see more momentum as we get to the middle part of the year.
Gary Steele: Yes. No, great question. There obviously is a lot of activity in this particular market. One of the things that we feel very good about and Chuck referenced in his prepared remarks earlier is our position in Gartner's Magic Quadrant where we stood out as the leader in the SIM market. We -- so we have a very strong established market position, and our pace of innovation has fundamentally changed over the last couple of years. We've continued to deliver very interesting innovative capability that we think is very high value. So for example, last week at RSA, we announced what we call Splunk Asset and Risk Intelligence. This is a critical capability to help organizations do self-discovery of assets across their environment and then understand the risks associated with those things. Coupled with that, we're now getting the broad benefit of the Cisco Security product line where we can bring in interesting capabilities like the integration with the XDR solution that we also announced. So, we feel like while, yes, it is competitive, we feel like we're incredibly well positioned to continue to drive very important innovation. And we've also taken a very different approach than our competitors and we think broadly about how do you bring together on a single platform the security capabilities that customers want broadly all the way through observability and it's very difficult across the industry to see anybody taking the position that we have and driving value. With respect to pricing, we don't have any fundamental change in our pricing strategy. We're very much focused on driving very good adoption across our customer base and ensuring that they feel like they're getting value every day. And the capabilities that we're offering are hard to match in the industry. So we're not -- we're not shifting gears from a pricing point of view.
Gary Steele: You bet. And so if you look at the history with Splunk, we were very early driving capabilities with machine learning. We launched the MLTK package in 2017 and we've had a quarter of a billion -- excuse me, quarter of a million users on that. So there's been broad adoption. We then extended that when we brought Gen AI into the picture, delivering an SPL assistant, SPL being our proprietary search language, being able to use English to be able to do that. We're also bringing AI directly into the workflows. So think about SOAR as an example and how you can bring AI into the picture to drive better outcomes from a remediation point of view. So, we've been investing across the product line. You're going to hear and see more announcements from us over at Cisco Live as well as at our user conference, which follows Cisco Live. And the benefit that we're getting -- bringing it into Cisco is Cisco has made -- independently been making a whole set of investments. We get to leverage those assets in addition to the richness of data that we get. So where we benefit from Cisco is the broad rich datasets that exist across networking where you -- so think lateral movement, how can we leverage that data to do a better job from a detection point of view? And frankly, the data and insights that we have as a combined entity, I think are second to none in terms of the competitive environment. So we just basically accelerate our AI efforts as part of Cisco and the outcomes we can deliver to be really important.
Scott Herren: No, I think you said it right and Cal, the fact that you've recognized the backlog work off it, it clearly is a headwind on just the core Cisco when you look at year-on-year growth rate into fiscal '25. Bear in mind too, obviously, Q3 was a tough compare. If you remember that we had those three consecutive quarters of revenue growth in the mid-to-upper teens, Q3 of '23 that we're comparing to now, Q4 and then Q1 of this year. And so in addition to doing the year-on-year growth rates the way you're doing it, you need to think of the backlog impact on the year-on-year growth rates in both this quarter, next quarter, and again a tough compare in Q1 of '25.
Scott Herren: Yes. Well, on the enterprise deployments, we are seeing that progress, Samik. And one of the things that's been encouraging, and we've given you some of the data on this is where we see it moving more quickly. We talked about WiFi and how our wireless business is growing, where the -- if the enterprise deployments of all the product that was pushed out has progressed more quickly, we're seeing demand return. Normal seasonality, if you're talking about year-on-year growth rates is a lot tougher, right? You've got to get to a point where you actually have a normal quarter and which we're headed toward now once we get through this inventory consumption at the end of this quarter and then you have to lap it by a year. To get to a year-on-year compare, that's an apples-to-apples compare. So think of the normal seasonality in terms of year-on-year growth rates beginning much more in fiscal '26. From a sequential standpoint, you'll see that start to happen in the second half of fiscal '25.
Scott Herren: And then on the AI, the $1 billion -- the $1 billion that we talked about, those are actually identified opportunities that our teams have a high degree of confidence. This is not like -- we didn't set a $1 billion target and tell people to go find deals. There are deals behind $1 billion and there are actual wins that we either have already won or we have a high degree of confidence that we will win. There's certainly execution that has to occur between now and whenever we get it -- when we get them done. We have to get through the pilots. There's a lot of testing that has to take place. There's power consumption testing that goes on. So a lot of that's going on. But based on what we know, this is what our teams believe today. So this is not some aspiration that we have to go find. This is -- these are opportunities that have been identified that our teams feel good about.
Scott Herren: Yes, I'll talk about cash first, Matt. And yes, we moved obviously with the acquisition of Splunk, and this beta is out there. We raised about $13.5 billion of term debt that's out there, and we actually funded a lot of it with some cash off the balance sheet, but also with commercial paper with the expectation that as rates come down, obviously, commercial paper is a more real-time reflection of those lower rates. So it's a way of saving money on that. Moved to a net-debt position for the first time and certainly in my career, probably in the first time in the -- here at Cisco, probably the first time in the last two decades here at Cisco. The use of cash though, like we talked about Splunk being cash-flow accretive in its very first year, which is highly unusual for a transaction of this size, it will be. And so our capital allocation process is not going to change. And just to reiterate what it is, first and foremost, it's support growth, right behind that. If that's one, 1A is, of course, continuing to support the dividend and you see we've continued to grow the dividend on a year-on-year basis. Return cash to shareholders through share buybacks. That's been at a steady $1.25 billion per quarter for the last now several quarters. We'll continue to do that. And to the extent that we've met those three and there still is excess cash, we'll determine whether it makes sense to take that cash and delever or if it makes more sense to return that to shareholders at that time.
