Scott Herren: Yes. As we think about fiscal '24, we've got pretty good visibility driven by really the business model shift that we've talked about. So a couple of data points that I think you already have, Tim. One is current RPO of $17.9 billion. So total RPO approaching $35 billion, of which $17.9 billion is current, meaning it turns into revenue in the next 12 months. We ended the year as we expected with roughly double our normal backlog levels. But that excess backlog will work down in the first half of fiscal '24 with the majority of that being worked off in Q1, by the way. And we've got $24.3 billion of ARR that we get a chance to renew. Now obviously, some of that will already be captured in RPO, but there's opportunity that's not already captured in RPO as well. So we entered the year with round numbers, 40% of that top line pretty much already in hand between those three categories. So feel good about the way we've -- the way we see the year laying out.
Scott Herren: Yes, will do. And Amit I think you were one of those voices that talked about cap allocation consistency.
Scott Herren: At a higher level and also being consistent and what you've seen over the last three quarters is that share buyback has been very consistent at $1.25 billion -- right around $1.25 billion per quarter. We see that continuing into the future. That's $5 billion a year in share buybacks. The dividend right now runs round number $6.5 billion. So you add those two together, that's $11.5 billion of capital return to shareholders. It doesn't feel like it's in a bad place, but responding to the need to be both elevated and more consistent in share buybacks is what you're hearing. You've seen us do it already. The difference is we're verbalizing it in advance now, I guess. And on your revenue guide question, I think it's easy to get a little confused by the year-on-year growth rates when we've had the supply constraints that we've had over the last few years. I mean the reality is some of the revenue that we ended up posting this year, in fiscal '23, are orders that we took and customers wanted the product back in fiscal '22. We just couldn't get it out. We couldn't get it delivered because of the supply constraints. So the better way to think about this is what's been the compound annual growth rate from when we started building that backlog and the supply constraints set in, which was the end of our fiscal '21 through -- and I'll just pick the midpoint of our guide for fiscal '24. If you do the compound annual growth rate on revenue through that time, it's right around 5%, which is, as you know, in line with what we see as our opportunity longer term. So I think it's a little bit tough to track what's happening. We just rely on year-on-years because the year-on-years have just been so skewed by the supply chain. If you step back from it and look at endpoint to endpoint that growth rate feels pretty good.
Scott Herren: Trajectory of orders, yes. And, Michael, thanks for that question. What I'd say is, if you remember our commentary from the last call, we said there were kind of three things going on inside product orders. One was the lead times were normalizing, going from being fairly lengthy to going back to a normal level, which, of course, if the lead time yesterday was 30 weeks and today it's 10 weeks means you don't have to place another order for 20 weeks. Those are mostly normalized. They will finish being normalized certainly in the first half of fiscal '24. And so that effect will be dampened. The second is backlog. And as we were still sitting on excess backlog, and we still do, but we've obviously been working our way through that and delivering product to customers. As we get their backlog orders in their hands, they can complete that project and then place the order for the next project. And so that's also been a little bit of a headwind to bookings, and then it's whatever is happening in the macro would be the third factor. We think those first two will normalize in the first half of fiscal '24. Lead times will be normalized, certainly by the time we get to the end of the first half and much of the backlog -- the excess backlog will ship out during the first quarter of fiscal '24. So I think we'll have a clearer view, and I expect to see more normal ordering patterns. Of course, we don't guide orders, but I expect to see more normal ordering patterns in the second half of the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. You specifically asked about duration. There's not much change in duration overall, Ittai. So that's not it. Q4 typically is a quarter where we have more large multiyear transactions. We talk about enterprise agreements and whole portfolio agreements. And so you typically will see a little bit of a bump in Q4 driven by that and then a little bit of a -- I'm sorry, an RPO in Q4. And then in Q1, the typically -- the typical pattern would see it come down just slightly as we work our way through those. I think the other thing to just bear in mind, we've got net RPO growth this year of $3.3 billion, of which product had a net growth of $1.7 billion. If you looked at our current RPO when we began the year, it was about $16.8 billion, which means all of that came out of RPO. And yet on top of that -- yes, short-term. On top of that, we added $1.7 billion. So we added quite a bit of current year sales into that RPO balance. Back to Chuck's point, that's revenue that many of our competitors recognize immediately as they ship it. For us, we have the advantage of recognizing it over time, which makes us more predictable, and it gives us greater visibility into where things are headed.
Scott Herren: Yes. Matt, on your first question, I think gross margin settling, you saw our guide for Q1 of gross margins in the 65% to 66% range. And I think it settles in there for the full year. So you can do the math with what we've projected on the top line. That drops down to a mid-single-digit OpEx growth number, so in line with expectations certainly given the environment of merit increases. It doesn't provide a lot of incremental investment, but I think that's in sync with what you've seen us do over time. So the long-term model, look, that was opportunity-based. If you look backwards, what you've seen is we have delivered the bottom line growing faster than the top line. I think the only difference that you hear from us now is, as I said, we're articulating it in advance instead of once it's happened. That's really the way to think about that.
Scott Herren: On the cap return question, Jim, I'd just reiterate what I said earlier. With the consistency of buybacks now running right around $1.25 billion per quarter, so $5 billion a year, the dividend consumes another $6.5 billion. That's $11.5 billion of cap return that we're committed to. And I do expect to continue to, as you've seen us do for the last 12 years, make increases in our dividend payment as you look ahead. So that's one lens on it. I would say on the M&A and spin-off part of that, we're constantly evaluating that. We're constantly evaluating what's available in the order marketplace. You saw we closed three, albeit small kind of tech tuck-in, but three acquisitions during the quarter. The team's very active. We're constantly looking at that space as well as the value in our own portfolio. And so there's nothing new to report there, but those are constant things that we look at.
Scott Herren: And Tal, to your question on the math you're trying to do on product revenue, I think some of this goes back to the answer that I gave Tim earlier. One of the things you have to consider is some of the product revenue we delivered this year was actually demand from the prior year, right? Demand from fiscal '22 that because of the supply constraints, we simply couldn't get out the door. Had that not been the case, you would have seen higher product revenue in fiscal '22 and slightly lower product revenue in fiscal '23. And you would have seen a steady increase then from '22 to '23 and '23 to '24. So the things that are driving that are the things that we've talked about, right? We continue to see good traction and market share gains in our enterprise networking products. We are invested early in the AI game and see a great opportunity there. We're getting early success, although it's -- you're not seeing a lot of it yet in the P&L, but we're seeing some pretty early success with our revamped security strategy and the great work that team has done. And so -- but instead of trying to do it the way you're doing it, the delivery has been lumpy, the demand has been less lumpy is probably the right way to think about it.
Scott Herren: Here's what I'd say, here's the right way to think about it, David. Those orders -- what we see is, within the broader hyperscaler world, which is where a lot of these AI sales are going, they're obviously in digest mode. I think you've heard that from us and all of our peers or what they bought. We do see toward the end of this calendar year, so towards the midyear of our fiscal year, we see them beginning to place orders again for delivery of product that will happen in the second half. So while I don't want to get into parsing the guide down to that level of granularity, I think what you should expect is it to be something that we'd begin to see show up in the P&L late in the second half.
Scott Herren: Yes. Don't think of the $500 million as all coming in, in the last quarter. Those are orders to date that we know are going into AI infrastructure. That's not a Q4-specific comment.
Scott Herren: Yes. No, I don't think there's a whole lot else to add. We're encouraged by what we're seeing in campus. It's one of the things that that we've said all along is as the supply -- the backlog begins to be delivered, you'll start to see more and more of those customer decisions that went to us actually show up in the numerator of those market share equation. That's exactly what you're seeing. So I think the concern over the several quarters while we had supply constraints that maybe impacted us more than some of our peers. You should see those unwind as we can now deliver that backlog. The $1 billion of renewal that Chuck -- roughly $1 billion of renewal that Chuck talked about, that is a subset of our fiscal '24 guide.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. If I could make one more comment, Tim. On the sequentials, we said given that the year-over-years are just sort of difficult to -- they don't really provide a clear view on what's going on. We've been talking about sequentials a fair amount. And I did say in my opening comments that sequentials from Q3 to Q4 were in excess of 30%. To put that in perspective, it's typically 18% to 20%. And from a customer segment perspective, enterprise was well above that, public sector was well above it. Commercial was pretty close to it and service provider was the low one. However, it was still above historical trends on a sequential basis. So just to try to give you as much color as we can.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Meta, thank you. So on the Ethernet underneath the AI GPU networks, it is Silicon One for sure. And I think for the next 12 months or so, I think we'll be doing trials. I think we'll have some opportunities, but there'll still be a lot of InfiniBand. And that's why we joined as a founding member of this Ultra Ethernet coalition so that we can up guide the standards and really deliver Scheduled Fabric, to your point, in a very effective way. So we think into FY '25 and beyond, this thing will begin to shift to more of an Ethernet-based infrastructure. On the Security front, yes, we've had some early traction. I mentioned Goldman in the multi-cloud defense, which is a great sign of confidence in that solution. If you look at our XDR platform, which, candidly, we just went GA with it right at the end of the quarter. And we already took a seven-figure order from a retailer in Europe. So that was positive. We took one of our largest security orders ever. We took an eight-figure security order from a Fortune 10 company in Q4. So there's some early green shoots, and the teams are executing. The early feedback and early commentary from analysts and customers, et cetera, is positive, but we've got to actually deliver on it. And hopefully, in the second half of this year, we'll see some real positive impact and then '25 for sure.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Well, Ben, welcome and thank you for the question. We have definitely seen traction in the space. Lots of discussions, lots of architectural discussions, lots of input from those customers on what they'd like to see in the next generation of silicon as an example. And the teams are off building that we just delivered in June. As I said earlier, the next-generation ASIC that actually is built for this, but there's going to be more and more purpose-built silicon over the next couple of years. And the teams are working on that. And those customers are having a great deal of input in how that silicon gets designed. And in some cases, it's unique to each one. And so that's the beauty of us having such an advanced silicon capability. It allows us, if we need to, to actually build unique silicon by customer because these opportunities are so large. In the last call, we talked about the fact that this would probably be 3 to 4 times the opportunity size of the original cloud build-out. And unfortunately for us, as it's been well documented, we missed the original cloud build-out. But I can say with every bit of confidence right now that as we go through this AI transition to Ethernet, we are super well positioned. We have incredible silicon that they have been using in other parts of their portfolio. We won three more use cases last quarter. We now are installed in 21 use cases across the top six of these providers. And we expect that, that momentum will just continue over the next few years. I do think that in the short term, InfiniBand is probably going to still be the preferred in most cases, but they are trialing. And we will, much like we already have, we'll get some opportunities to run Ethernet underneath season. And as we deliver Scheduled Fabric, it will become even more prevalent.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Tal, thank you for that. And so on the 400 gig to 800 gig, I don't know that I've seen exact reports that you're talking about on the 400 gig. But our teams -- the volume of ports that we're shipping on 400 gig would imply that that's a -- I don't know, we've had a great deal of success and it's been growing quite significantly. So -- but we obviously had -- over the last few years, we've been rebuilding or actually building our presence in this space. So it wouldn't surprise me to see us as a low market share player, but we've certainly won our fair share. On the 800 gig, I think it's just a matter of we're engaged there. We're installed already. We've got trust with these customers. They've seen what we can do. And I think that we're just in the game at the right time as opposed to where we started. And so I think from now on, it just gives us an opportunity to be there from the beginning as opposed to trying to catch up.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thank you. So on the service provider side, the first question you asked -- let me write my notes down, hold on a second, so I don't have to ask you for the question again. On SP, I think -- I'd say Q4 for the telco side of it, the communications service provider was probably fairly consistent with what it was the quarter before. It's just relatively weak right now. We see a lot of these customers have -- are digesting a lot of the infrastructure that they bought over the next few months. We think that -- our team believes that orders will stabilize on the telco side of the business in the second half of our fiscal year. On the cloud side, we believe that they'll continue to invest. And they kind of invest in six-month cycles. And we think that in the middle of our fiscal year, we'll see growth in that investment for the first part of 2025. On the $500 million, it is definitely in the Tier 1 hyperscalers. So I'll just leave it at that. On the opportunity that we see, we still see -- we won three use cases last quarter. And I would say those were primarily non-AI. So there's still -- we're still winning new use cases in the core infrastructure. And -- but we're in trials in different discussions with most all of them relative to AI fabric.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. We do not -- Scott and I are both looking at each other. We don't know of any supply chain issues we have around our AI. It's our standard Ethernet portfolio based on the Silicon One ASIC, and we're delivering it today. So I don't think there's any supply chain issue for us on that front.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. What I was going to add, David, is I think until we evolve some of the -- get some of the Scheduled Fabric technologies built out, they're certainly running -- they're running some of these on traditional Ethernet, which is what we're deploying today. But as we get Scheduled Fabric out and these customers get more comfortable moving from InfiniBand to Ethernet, I think that's when we'll start to see the real impact of AI. And maybe it's late '24, but I would suspect into '25 for sure.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Marilyn. First of all, I want to thank our teams and just say how proud I am of the work that's gone into the last couple of years to actually deliver the record results that we did. We're incredibly proud of the share gains that we expected to gain and we are. I'm proud of the team and the new innovation that's being delivered in areas like AI and security and across the portfolio in observability and core networking and SP routing, all of these areas, the teams are doing an amazing job. And our portfolio is very relevant to the customer priorities that we see around the world. I've never seen such consistency around the priorities in virtually every customer around the world. And our portfolio lines up nicely against the key things that our customers are trying to achieve. I'm also very proud of the team and Scott and the rest of the finance organization for what they've done. And we're very happy to provide clarity on our commitment to our shareholders with the operating leverage and the buybacks and our dividend as we look to the future. So thanks for joining us today.
