Kelly Kramer: All right, thanks Chuck, I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the quarter followed by the guidance for Q2. We executed well across the business with strong orders, revenue growth, margin, EPS, and operating cash flow. We had continued momentum in product orders which grew 8%. Total revenue was $13.1 billion up 8%. Our non-GAAP operating margin rate was 31.9%, non-GAAP net income was $3.5 billion up 14% and non-GAAP EPS was $.75 up 23%. Let me provide some more detail on our Q1 revenue. Total product revenue was up 9% to $9.9 billion. Infrastructure platforms grew 9% with strong growth across all businesses. Switching had another great quarter with growth in Campus driven by the continued ramp of the Cat9K and growth in data center driven by the Nexus 9K. Routing returned to growth driven by Service Provider. Wireless had double-digit growth with strength in our Wave 2 offerings and Meraki. We also saw good growth in data center driven by servers and Hyperflex. Applications was up 18% with growth across all the businesses. We saw good growth in Unified Communications, TelePresence and AppDynamics. Security was up 11% with strong performance in Identity & Access, Advanced Threat and Unified Threat. Service revenue was up 3% driven by software and solutions support. We continue to transform our business delivering more software offerings and driving more subscriptions. Software after subscriptions were 57% of total software revenue, up 5 points year-over-year. To remind you, we adopted ASC 606 in Q1. There have been no changes to our offerings to customers or our cash conversion cycles. This is purely an accounting change. It does not impact the metrics, I'm sorry, it does impact the metrics that show our continued business transformation. We think the most meaningful metric going forward is software subscriptions as a percentage of total software revenue. When we look at the impact of acquisitions and our Q1 results year-over-year there was an 80 basis point positive impact on revenue. We saw strong momentum in Q1 with total product orders growing 8%. Looking at our geographies, Americas grew 8%, EMEA was up 6%, and APJC was up 12%. Total emerging markets was up 16% with the BRICS plus Mexico up 19%. In our customer segments Enterprise was up 15%, Commercial grew 8%, Public Sector was up 8%, and Service Provider grew 2%. From a non-GAAP profitability perspective, total Q1 gross margin was 63.8% up 0.1 point. Product gross margin was 63.2% up 0.2 points and service gross margin was 65.7% up 0.1 points. Our operating margin was 31.9% up 1.5 points. In terms of bottom line from a GAAP perspective Q1 net income was $3.5 billion and EPS was $0.77. We ended Q1 with total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $42.6 billion. Q1 operating cash flow was $3.8 billion up 22% with free cash flow of $3.6 billion also up 22%. Normalized for the $400 million legal settlement we received from Arista operating cash flow was up 9%. From a capital allocation perspective we returned $6.5 billion to shareholders during the quarter that was comprised of $5 billion of share repurchases and $1.5 billion for our quarterly dividend. From an M&A perspective, we closed two acquisitions in Q1 with Duo Security and July systems. These moves are consistent with our strategy of increasing investment in innovation and R&D for our growth areas. To summarize, we had a great Q1, we executed well with strong topline growth and profitability, we're seeing the returns on the investments we're making in innovation and driving the shift to more software and subscriptions, delivering long-term growth in shareholder value. Let me reiterate our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. This guidance includes the type of forward-looking information that Marilyn referred to earlier. Note that we have normalized our second quarter guidance to exclude the SPVSS business for Q2 fiscal year 2018 which we divested on October 28, 2018. We have provided historical financial information for the SPVSS business in the slides that accompany this call. We expect revenue growth in the range of 5% to 7% year-over-year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margin rate to be in the range of 63.5% to 64.5%. The non-GAAP operating margin rate is expected to be in a range of 30.5% to 31.5% in the non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be at 19%. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to range from $0.71 to $0.73. I will now turn it back to Marilyn so we can move into the Q&A.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, I mean I'll say just to add some – add to that, if I look at the linearity by month through the quarter of Q1, it was the exact same as it was in Q1 2018. So we didn't see for the 10% churns [ph] we didn’t see any pull ins. Just to kind of remind everybody, we are actively working with our supply chain to mitigate as much of this as possible and we've made progress, for that that we couldn’t mitigate we passed on and we passed on the price impact just for the products impacted versus broad-based. We were very specific and surgical where we applied it, but overall we were very specific. Going into Q2, like Chuck said, it's pretty straightforward, but I would hope that it is the potential that drives some demand but the underlying the underlying strength of the IT environment is still there.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, I'd say actually. I think Rod, I feel like this is a pretty good guidance and actually better theoretically than maybe you guys were expecting. But don't forget that 6% growth in the midpoint of the guide gave you again excluding SPVSS out of both periods obviously is really solid because we have much tougher comparison a year ago. I mean we see the strength and I'm just trying to balance it with there is a lot of unknown depending on what tariffs do, but underlying strength in the macro gives us good confidence. So I feel actually very good about the call.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, I got it, then there is one - there is - you bring up a good point which I do want to get out there. Our growth was very, very strong in Q3 and again back to ASC 606, under new accounting rules, as you know we have a very strong presence in the Enterprise. Our Enterprise business is going very, very well. Whenever we sign these big multi-year Enterprise agreements under the new accounting rule that will accelerate revenue. So in this current Q1 software came in very, very strong because we happen to have two very large multi-year Enterprise agreements with some large enterprises where in any one quarter I might have one, but this was a big one. So that's one additional piece to it, but overall I'd say all of the underlying fundamentals are very, very positive.
Kelly Kramer: And Paul, on that price, we saw from a rate impact on project about 1.9 points down, so slightly up from what it has in the last couple quarters but still better than it was say in Q1 of 2018, but a slight tick up, 1.9 points.
Kelly Kramer: I'd just say it is very broad based. I'd say enterprise is exceptionally strong. So it's there's no - and the UK specifically has been pretty good for us as I said the last four quarter, so I think it does just go back to it is a resilient IT environment.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, so the historical what we did with memories around DRAM specifically, it was a combination of just prices going up and consistently for all of 2017 and 2018 and it was a very tight supply. So our strategy was securing supply. We bought inventory ahead. We did everything we could to try to minimize the impact. We had big purchase commitments and we are still seeing year-over-year price increases in this quarter. We still are seeing the prices being higher than they were a year ago. The good news is though when we look forward and like I alluded to in the last call, we should see it go from a headwind to a tailwind starting in the second half of our fiscal quarter. So Q3 and Q4 we fully expect that DRAM to be a tailwind for us, which will be good and this quarter the impact will be lesser then impact next quarter and then we get to goodness. And we did, much like we're doing with tariffs, we did pass-through a lot of the memory costs through price increases over that time as well.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, I mean it was across all basically across when I look across our business basically just about everywhere. So it was again broad based.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, I'll take the first one on the Service Provider excluding India. I will just say, this our Service Provider segment was up in the Americas and EMEA as well. So again, it was a not driven by India though India had a very strong Service Provider as well, but it was up everywhere. Yep.
Kelly Kramer: And on the clarification, so yes, in the January outlook, like I said when I was talking about component costs and memory costs, I still will have some bit of, will have still headwind in Q2 from memory as well as some costs around the MLCC and I have an assumption baked in and certainly the tariff costs if they go up to 25% as well as an assumption on what we can offset with prices pushing through, so that's all incorporated in the guide I gave you on the gross margins.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, it’s the same. I'll tell you from an overall perspective. Let's assume they do cut in, in January because we will honor quotes if they have quotes in the system the data that we haven’t taken a order yet, it will take a while before both the price increase cuts through as well as even when the tariffs do cut down on the cost side will lead through the inventory that has been brought in at the at the lower cost. So the real full big impact, we'll see, feel when the tariffs go to 25%. If they go to 25% we'll be in the third quarter. But I have baked in some incremental on both the revenue and the margin side and from January.
Kelly Kramer: So, on the first question on ASC 606, so we will benefit from that going forward. The point I was making earlier was, this was a little abnormal this quarter because we had two very large enterprise multi-year deals that were very heavy software content, that we recognized now in the new accounting rules, you recognize upfront. You recognize up front, so just to remind everybody of where we are impacted on mostly from ASC 606, when we have enterprise agreements, whether these are term based or not we will be recognizing them upfront if basically the functionality of the software goes to the customer. So a lot of the enterprise agreements we have will all be recognized upfront. Cisco One for example a lot of that's going to be recognized upfront and even a portion of our enterprise networking like the Cat9K subscription a portion of that now will be upfront even though some are still deferred. So it's accelerating basically big enterprise license agreement. So this quarter we had two very large ones, but we will be benefiting going forward. And again it's incorporated in the guide and overall long term it will be in that 1% and 1.5% kind of range.
Kelly Kramer: And so, on the metrics then to your . Second question there. So that's why to that point we think the right metric is looking of our software, what percentage is subscriptions right. And that continues to just increase and I'll use the Cat9K as an example. We've talked in the past where we used to sell the previous which they sold for 100 and we recognize $100 out front. We're selling the count we used before ASC 606 we sold that Cat9K for 100, about 25% of it was deferred and we recognized that 25% over say a three-year term. And then they would renew it for another three-year term. With ASC 606 that 25% that was deferred about 12% is now deferred. Now other eleven is recognized up front, but that full 25% is what we renew. And so that's why when you look at the software that's still subscription software, that's why we think that's a relative metric. We don't think the - like looking our deferred revenue. We look at that in the past. I mean that was a proxy but as you saw from our disclosures we wrote off $1.3 billion of that balance with the adoption of the new standard for those enterprise agreements and for Cisco One. So looking at that isn't as meaningful. And even with the recurring like using that Cat9K example it's not as meaningful. That's kind of why we think using subscriptions it shows we're still making the transformation. It shows that we're making progress and have that again nothing's changed with the customer. We still have that stickiness of having that subscription and the ability to continue to build out our offers with them.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, two other quick comments, I can just tell you personally I haven’t had one conversation with any customer around the tariffs at this point. Secondly, I think that the once we got past the midterms we've begun to hear some positive at least headlines relative to the discussions and I remain fairly optimistic that this has become a top priority for the administration and we're hopeful that they will come to some agreement before we move to anything more significant.
Chuck Robbins: Hey Rod, thanks for the question. Let me just give you some, a little color and then Kelly can answer some specifics on the math. I would say the last two quarters were probably the most consistent strong quarters that we've seen in years honestly and I think it's a combination as we've talked about of the macro environment, but also frankly the innovation. If you look at the portfolio that we have put out there and you look at the number of announcements in the technology and the innovation that we delivered this week, I think you're going to continue to see strong execution. We're really proud of what our teams have done. So and I think that the recognition by the customers of this architectural shift that I was talking about earlier is really beginning to play out. So we feel really good about how we're performing. I'll let Kelly comment on both the product revenue growth and the outlook.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. Thanks Paul. Thanks for the four questions. Just kidding. So Kelly, you'll talk about pricing and other things. Let me give you the broader answer Paul. I think you're right and I mean when you look at our results on an orders perspective and you see emerging countries up 16% in the face of a rising dollar that's different than what we've seen historically when we were very, what I would say is we were directly connected to the global GDP and we moved with it. I think it - maybe this was the beginning of us answering the question that I've been asked for the last two calls which is how much of this is macro and how much of it is your own execution. When we began to perform differently than what's perceived to be in the macro, I think that will give us insight into how much of it is our execution, our innovation. The other thing I'd point out is that - and by the way in the emerging countries, just to be clear, it was very consistent across the board. So we had incredible strength in, we did have incredible strength in India. It was our second quarter of 50% plus growth in India. So we have really done a great job there and it's not just the large service providers. We had a large public sector deal this quarter, so we're - you know that is a key market for us that we intend to win in and the teams are doing a good job there. But I think the other thing to consider is that when you look at our customers even in a tough economic environment, what is one of the things that you want to do when you're in a tough economic environment is you want to continue to drive cost and productivity in your business. And at the heart of the automation strategy and at the heart of some of the SD-WAN stuff and at the heart of re architecting the infrastructure, the ending result is to drive cost out and drive productivity up. So it's unclear to me at this point, what a - any sort of significant macro shift is going to do to the spending in this environment because it is connected to what you're trying to achieve when you do have a tough macro environment. So we're going to have to see how it goes, but - so that's that question. On the Cat9K, look we're still incredibly early. I mean it is incredibly early. We just launched another product that addresses a market size similar to what we launched a year and a half ago. And so, we're just on the front end of it and as customers adopt that architecture then you're seeing, we announced the wireless portfolio that's going to fit within that. In the spring you'll see SD-WAN get integrated into the overall architecture in addition to the innovation we announce this week. So we feel good about where we are and we'll see how the macro plays out.
Chuck Robbins: I would say just a quick characterization on this market and we've talked about this before, different customers, different markets or different phases of their architectural transitions and we're seeing in Asia we had a couple of big wins obviously where we're helping them re-architect their networks, try to simplify their architectures and a lot of that is in some ways to prepare for 5G. So we're executing better and but I think, I'll still say what we've been saying is that we've been doing planning with many of the customers on 5G. I had a call with one CEO today talking about their rollout plans. So we're actively in the discussions and our teams are working on architectural designs to accommodate. You're going to see them go into trials. In fact you've all heard some of the U.S. providers are going into trials in the first quarter of next calendar year. I still believe it'll be calendar 2020 before we see anything if we're looking for some broad based movement. But we'll see how it goes if they move faster, then obviously we could be a beneficiary of that, but we're staying close to it right now. 
Chuck Robbins: Yes, so Jeff my apologies if I misrepresented our 400 gig strategy. I think I said in the script that we were in the opening comments that we were we were absolutely focused on Web-Scale. And I think this does represent an architectural transition that gives non-incumbents the opportunity to insert, so we will look for those opportunities as well. I think when you look at the 400 gig advantages we have we're bringing forward much like we do with the Nexus, we're going to have a merchant version and then we have an ASIC based version we'll be delivering. We have telemetry. We've got optics, security automation, backward and forward compatibility that are going to provide differentiators for us. We're co-chairing some standard boards. We can extend ACI from the private cloud into the public cloud across these. So we think we have a lot of advantages. The teams - we have the ability to analyze data flows with security ACI automation policy. So the whole intent based portfolio that our teams in the data center actually introduced years ago, we think will be a big differentiator as well as the breadth of the options that we'll have in the 400 gig space. But we absolutely do see the Web-Scale as an opportunity that we're going to go after here.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I just want to make a comment. When we set out to move to more of a software and subscription model, the real benefit for us is, it gives us the opportunity to go in and monetize those licenses again in three years, that has not changed. And that was the big benefit because if you looked at the way we saw the switch previously as an example, we would sell a switch with integrated software one time and perhaps five to seven years later we would go in and try to sell another one. In this model, the underlying ability for us to go in at either the three-year or the five year point whenever that subscription is up and renew it that still exists. This is just an accounting change. So the underlying value to our business is still valid. So we're going to continue to move very hard in this direction.
Chuck Robbins: Oh M&A, sorry Jim. We've always said we will look at any opportunity that arises if it strategically aligns and it's good for us fiscally. And I would say that the deals that you've seen done over the last few months have zero bearing on how we think about it. We continue to look at the opportunities that make sense for us and are part of our financial plan and makes sense for us from that perspective and that's how we'll continue to look at it.
Chuck Robbins: Okay, so let me address both. The first is that the restructuring that's going on right now is first of all it's not an OpEx reduction and we've – I've actually taken this issue and talked head on with our employees about what's going on right now very directly. And majority of this is part of the customer experience transition. If you look at what we've done relative to the software portfolio and how we're building out these offers for our customers any great software company has a very successful customer experience organization. And if you'll recall we brought in Maria Martinez from sales force back in May of this year and she has been putting together a strategy for how we need to be structured for the future, and this is actually just, it's an unfortunate step that we needed to take in order to expeditiously get to where we need to be relative to dealing with the renewals and the lifecycle that our customers are going to want us to drive with them in this new portfolio. So that's really the predominant driver for what's going on right now. And again I've been very clear with our employees, we've been very open and transparent with them about what's going on. On the SD-WAN side, I think you're – it's probably generally accurate what you described. However, I think that there's been such a stall in the enterprise routing business for the last couple of years waiting for this to take off that I would view it as a net positive now because we have movement. And you got to remember many branches are going to - they're going to leverage SD-WAN technology on top of one of our ISRs anyway. So you're going to see various flavors at the Edge. You're going to see some software only on X86 type platforms all the way up to software running on high end ISRs because you still need a high performance branch, but you want the flexibility in how you dynamically route your traffic out of that branch. So I view it as a positive and frankly I think when you see the enterprise business, the consistency we've seen over the last few quarters I think SD-WAN is a big part of that.
Chuck Robbins: Thank you. I have just a couple of comments. I think I'll just leave you with, I think that you know our teams are executing incredibly well. There's clearly some uncertainty out there, but I think the macro economy has shown a level of resilience that not many people expected. I think that what we're beginning to see and what is coming through here is that while the cloud four or five years ago was viewed as an existential threat to our business I fundamentally believe that the cloud and the transition to the cloud that our customers are undergoing is actually driving our growth now. So we feel good about where we are. We feel good about the innovation and we feel good about our team's execution. Thank you guys for joining us and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
