Scott Herren: Yes. No, I think that’s right. That’s in sync with our expectations. And Ittai to your question on how does this unwind, it’s – I don’t believe it unwinds in a lumpy fashion. I think it’ll unwind as supply and demand get more in balance. And I think that will just happen gradually over the course of the next few quarters. So I’m not expecting a significant bump in any given quarter. I think the supply frees up with $14 billion of backlog, we’ve got plenty of demand to go off and fulfill. It’s really a question of when does that supply free up. And as it does free up, I think it will happen gradually over time.
Scott Herren: I'll take the first one. On the gross margin, Rod, it really came down to product mix that we had the components for that we could build and ship out during Q2. As I said earlier, our expectations on gross margin for the year are unchanged. And we had favorable product mix in Q2 that drove us above as I'm sure you're aware, above the high end of our guidance range. I think it's a bit of a headwind for us as we look at gross margins in Q3, but it equals out for the year. And so our expectations for the full-year on gross margin are unchanged.
Scott Herren: It's always a mix. When you go across product lines and across customer size, both of those things have an effect. Rather than kind of go through and parse product by product, it's – we had a quarter where the supply we had just allowed us to ship higher-margin product. And again, given the visibility we have with $314 billion of backlog, we have pretty good visibility into what we need to build and a pretty good feel for what that's going to look like in the quarters ahead. So I feel confident that we're going to stay in this range through the end of the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. That $2 billion of software, it's a little bit more than $2 billion sitting in our backlog right now. That's almost double where it was just a year ago, right? So there's always some that will sit in backlog, but it's almost double. And of course, most of that software is recognized ratably. So the ramp, once we can get it cleared out of the backlog and shipped, we're still going to have a ratable ramp on that. So longer term, if you remember what we said in September, we said the recurring revenue parts of our product business, we expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 15% to 17%. That's what we just put up, all right? The product subscription piece in our software business grew 17% in the quarter. So I think we're right on track in that space.
Scott Herren: There's a lot in there, David. What I'd start by saying is the buyback that you saw, the additional buyback that you saw in Q2 and the add to our outstanding authorization to take it up to just short of $18 billion and the $0.01 increase in dividend, those are all signs of the confidence we have in our business and the growth we see ahead. So 2018, we have returned, as you alluded to, we've returned $76 billion in capital to shareholders just as 2018. There's no change in our overall cap allocation policy to answer that question for you. It starts with, first and foremost, supporting the growth of the business. through both organic and inorganic means. Obviously, we'll support the dividend. We'll, at a minimum, offset the dilution of our equity plans and beyond that, return the excess to shareholders as you saw us just do. There's no change in our overall policy. In terms of working capital, we've got – I would wager to say the strongest balance sheet in the industry. Certainly amongst our peers, we've got the strongest balance sheet out there. I don't feel like we're constrained at all by the amount of cash we have to keep on the balance sheet to support operations.
Scott Herren: Yes, I don't actually think of it in those terms as it relates to M&A. It's more back to what Chuck said earlier, is it a strategic fit? Is a cultural fit? Does the valuation makes sense? Those are the kind of considerations that come into play as we're thinking about M&A versus what's the strength of the balance sheet. Again, I would stack our balance sheet up against anyone.
Scott Herren: Yes. I think you’re thinking about it the right way, Jim. It’s not a – most – a lot of what we have in the backlog of our products that were ordered pre the price increase, certainly the latest round of price increases. Logistics costs are still with us. But as I said earlier, I think that if you remember, we’ve had a couple of rounds of price increases, and I think we begin to see the benefit of that first one toward the end of Q3 and expect to see it again in Q4. With the level of visibility we have, both $16 billion of short-term RPO, $30 billion of total RPO and add to that $14 billion of backlog, we have better visibility than we’ve ever had as I look ahead. So feel good that the gross margins will stay in that 64% to 65% range through the second half. And that is of the fiscal year is what I’m talking about, the second half of our fiscal year.
Scott Herren: Yes, Tal, on the services piece, what you have to bear in mind is two things. Most of that’s ratable. And most of that is the support services we sell attached to hardware. And so there’s always a lag, right? When you build up a big ratable revenue base, it takes time to build it up. So it takes it a while to ramp up to speed, but it also takes time for it to come back down. And if you look at our product revenue rates go back 12, 18 months during the midst of the pandemic, of course, our product growth rates were quite low. And the echo effect of that is, we sold fewer services contracts, and we’re selling less revenue. It takes time for that to show up in the revenue stream because so much of that is ratable and it builds up in deferred revenue and bleeds out over time. So what we’re dealing with now is just the tail of the services that would have been attached to the hardware at a time when hardware sales, if you go back 12 to 18 months ago, we’re fairly low. The flip side is, look at the growth of our RPO at $30.5 billion, growing 8%. Obviously, the ratable services fit inside there and the short term at $16.3 billion, growing 8% gives you a sense of what the path ahead looks that’s both services and software, but it gives you a sense of what the path ahead looks like.
Scott Herren: Yes. Amit, I mean, you saw we went pretty aggressive into the buyback during Q2 at $4.8 billion in the quarter. That’s obviously well beyond what’s required just to offset dilution. And I think, historically, if you look back, you’ll see we’ve been pretty aggressive on share buybacks over the last several years with the dividend and share buybacks returning $76 billion since 2018. So I don’t think there’s a change in stance or a change in demeanor as we look at that. We’re constantly evaluating where we are from a cash standpoint, what our needs are. I told you the priority of our capital allocation policy has not changed. Both the growth of the business organically and organically first. The dividend, anti-dilution and beyond that, we’ll return cash to shareholders. So I think that’s the way you need to think about it going forward. There’s no real change in policy, but you saw us get pretty aggressive in the first half of Q2.
Chuck Robbins: Ittai, that’s something that we’ve been alert to and watching for since we began building the backlog after three consecutive quarters of demand growth in the 30% range and revenue growth only in the 6% to 8% range. We’ve been building substantial backlog, and so we’ve been looking to that. I think it’s clear that customers are responding to our lead times, and our lead times have extended as the lead times for the components have extended. So there’s I’d say, some extension in there. But I think what we’re seeing is real demand. I think it’s a combination of pent-up demand from products that didn’t get done during the pandemic. I think it’s the leading edge of several of these trends that we’ve talked about that we’re investing into. And when we look at things like if there was double ordering, you probably wouldn’t see that as much in the commercial and small customers, and we’re still seeing strong growth in that segment. You probably also would see the pipeline build begin to slow down and we’re not seeing that either. Our pipeline is quite robust at this point. So we’re looking for proxies to try to understand that better. We’re not seeing anything at this point that would indicate there’s double ordering in there.
Chuck Robbins: I think, Paul, there’s nothing wrong with the logic. I think the expectations that I would give you are the same that I gave you last quarter. As I think about gross margin through the end of this fiscal year, I think it stays in the range we’re in, in the 64% to 65% range through the end of the year. Beyond that, as you said, and I hope you’re right that logistics costs begin to return to something that’s more normal. Obviously, the price increases that we put in place, we’ve talked about this previously. We’re not seeing much benefit from that today. Because the price increase goes in, there’s offsets between the time we started and it gets out to the field. The field then has to take those prices sell it to customers. Those orders have to come in into the backlog and then get fulfilled out of the backlog before we finally get the revenue credit for those price increases. And I think that we’ll will begin to see benefit from those price increases toward the end of this quarter and more into Q4. But my expectation on gross margins at this point is that they stay in the range that we’re in right now in the 64% to 65% range through the end of the year.
Chuck Robbins: That’s a really good question. And I would say that it is definitely a combination of both. The markets are certainly robust as you called out with seeing some of our peers who are having solid results as well. But then when you look at – when I look at the order growth rates in certain segments of our business, certain technology areas, I can tell you we’re gaining share. I mean web scale, obviously, we’re executing incredibly well because we didn’t exist there just a couple of years ago. And in some of our technology areas like WiFi, I mean, the growth rates on the order side, even campus switching to gross on the order side. I think that – I think there’s a lot of really good execution. I think our portfolio is in great shape. And you have to remember, we’re on the front end of these multiyear trends that are really in our favor, whether it’s 5G, whether it’s 400 gig, WiFi 6, hybrid cloud, hybrid work, edge compute. I mean these are all technology areas and transitions that are positive for us. So those are somewhat market-related, but I think our portfolio is well positioned for those transitions.
Chuck Robbins: So let me answer, I guess, both of them. So the – on the first one, I think that next quarter, Q3, the compares definitely get tougher from a year ago, particularly because we had an extra week of order as well. And then in Q4, obviously, that was the first quarter that we experienced a 30% plus quarter from last fiscal year. So certainly, those will be good quarters for us to sort of see a litmus test on your question. Until then, I'm not sure I have a direct answer for you, but certainly, the math will get tougher here in the next couple of quarters. On your second question, first of all, we don't comment on rumors and speculations or stories. What I will tell you is that we are constantly evaluating potential opportunities. Scott and I were talking. We think for every deal we do, we probably look at 10 to 15 companies. We base our decisions on, first and foremost, strategic fit; secondly, cultural fit and equally as important, the financial and the valuation fit. And we are always disciplined and we continue to focus on both inorganic and organic opportunities. But I will tell you that you should expect us to continue to be very, very disciplined as we go forward as well.
Chuck Robbins: And on the public sector question, I think it's a good catch on your part, because a lot of people look at the 20% and see it as being below the other customer markets in and would look at that negatively. But the reality is, it's been the most consistent for the last couple of years. And we saw broad-based strength. And whether it was in our government business, which has been, I think, we've had – so I'm looking at some data here, six consecutive quarters of positive growth and three out of the last four strong double-digit growth, if you look at education, we've had five straight quarters or six straight quarters there as well and it's been particularly strong in the last five quarters. And so it was very broad-based across the public sector.
Chuck Robbins: I'm pulling out some data here. So Tim, on the first one, on the software front, I think you have a really good question. I think Scott called out in his section that our product software revenue growth was 9%. The thing – you got to get behind that to understand what's going on. And our old perpetual software, which we've been in transition from two subscriptions, perpetual was down 12% and subscription was up 17%. So the transition is actually happening the way we expect it. That's the reason you're seeing some of that, because the subscription stuff, obviously, is recognized over time, and you're taking a 12% hit on a onetime piece of software from the way we used to sell it. So you've got that dynamic that just has to continue to play out. You have the renewals that you mentioned starting to come through on some of the D&A stuff in earnest in 2023 and then 2024, 2025 beginning to ramp. And then you've got over $2 billion of software sitting in backlog that is not an RPO yet because it's connected to a piece of hardware that hasn't shipped. And we recognize a bit of that upfront and then the rest over time. So we've got all of those variables in play right now. All that being said, I think you should expect – when we get to a normalized world, I would expect that once we get this supply chain in the backlog, clearly in a normal world, I would expect you would see software growth, revenue growth growing faster. But right now, with our backlog so big, that may not happen for several quarters.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. On the cloud side, I think I'd just – no, I don't have it in front of me. On the cloud side, here's what I would tell you is that, we are winning – continuing to win new use cases around with our integrated systems, the Silicon One systems as well as we have one use cases where they're simply buying our hardware, meaning a switch that they're running their operating system on. We have certain customers that are running multiple consumption models where one may be buying silicon and they also buy the hardware switch, one may be buying an integrated system and silicon. And so it's a variation of all of those, and we are winning new competitive use cases, and I don't think that's not what I'll look for. Okay. So it's a – sorry, I was just – Marilyn was trying to find it, but I was going to tell you, a number of customers and what – which – how many franchises we want in. I don't have that in front of me right now, and we'll try to get that. But in general, we are definitely winning new use cases.
Chuck Robbins: I want to jump back in real quick and answer – give Tim the double click that I was looking for on the use cases. So we have five players who use – our customers who use Silicon One and Cisco 8000 systems. We have two that use Silicon One with the 8000 series routers with their own operating systems. We have two that use Silicon One embedded in their own white box hardware. And we have three that use at least two of the flexible consumption modes simultaneously. So that's the data that I was trying to get to you Tim.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Meta. So I think that clearly, we have customers who are definitely trying to buy ahead of price increases. And the conversations are, they've gone from, I'd say, being generally understanding to being a little more frustrated, primarily because of the length of time it's taken to get the product. And so they're running out of patience as we all are, but everybody generally understands. Because candidly, most of our customers are probably doing the same thing to their customers in whatever business they're in, in general, given the inflationary pressure that we see everywhere. So that’s the first one. And the second one on the architectural transformations that we see out there, there’s a massive one that is really being driven by hybrid work. So rearchitecting your entire network infrastructure to deal with distributed applications, distributed users, distributed data, a new security architecture to accommodate it. That’s one. Obviously, within that is hybrid cloud, where you have applications running in multiple cloud providers as well as in private data centers. I mean, the demand we saw for our data center switching portfolio was extremely strong in addition to UCS, which tells me that customers are still investing in private data centers as well. So that creates traffic patterns that are not aligned with the architectures that our customers built over the last 15 years. So that’s the first one. And then there are these transitions that I talked about earlier. You’ve got customers upgrading to 400 gig. We’re almost at 700 customers now who have 400-gig ports. We’ve now taken orders for 737,000 ports. We had 200-plus thousand ports booked in the quarter, which is almost 1,500% growth. So we – 400 gig is certainly taken off. The WiFi 6 transition has been pretty significant. And those are just some of the things we see. And then in the service provider space, you see 400 gig, you see 5G transition and you see them building out enterprise services based on 5G. So those are some of the major transitions that we see.
Chuck Robbins: Got it. Okay. So what we believe we’re seeing is this pure modernization that’s occurring. We see densification of WiFi networks, in particular. So we’re seeing more and more access points per workspace than what was pre-COVID to just ensure reliability, which then falls through to requiring a more robust switching infrastructure to support it. We believe customers are preparing for putting more and more video units into conference rooms, which will be hardwired, which drives more switch ports. We have more security cameras that are IP base that are going in. IoT is beginning to expand connecting building automation systems and all of those things just require an incredibly robust and resilient campus network. So we think that’s what’s going on. And on the second question, market share is a funny thing, and it’s certainly – it’s obviously based on revenue. And I can tell you that based on the growth rates from an orders perspective and how much of that is sitting in our backlog, I’m not concerned. We – I cannot imagine that the market is growing faster than the order growth that we’ve seen over the last three quarters. It’s – just revenue.
Chuck Robbins: Enterprise growth. Thank you. Yes, when you look at it across – I mean, whether you look at it across the geographies or you look at across – generally across our product portfolio, or even across verticals, it was just super consistent. I mean it was – every customer seems to be moving right now. And so I don’t think there’s not one specific thing to call out. It was pretty broad-based.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I do, Marilyn. Thank you. First of all, I’m proud of what we were able to accomplish in Q2 despite the ongoing component demands or component dynamics, the product order growth, the revenue, the EPS, the ARR growth, the RPO growth, the balanced growth across the world. Really pleased with our continued success in web-scale and just happy that our customers are choosing our technology as they continue down this digital transformation path. I think it speaks to the relevance and criticality of what we’re building and what our teams have built – and I want to just take a minute to thank all the Cisco employees because it’s been an incredibly difficult couple of years. I think the team has showed a great deal of resiliency, delivered breakthrough innovation and really doing everything we can to take care of our customers. So – thanks for spending time with us today, and we’ll talk to you next time.
