Sami Badri: Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's second quarter fiscal year '24 conference call. This is Sami Badri, Cisco's Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chair and CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. By now, you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results, and we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons are made throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the third quarter and full year of fiscal 2024. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please feel free to see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. I will now turn it over to Chuck.
Sami Badri: Thank you, Scott. Before we start the Q&A portion of the call, I would like to remind analysts to ask one question and a single follow-up question. Operator, can we move to the first analyst in the queue.
Sami Badri: Thank you, Tal. And we'll get to your other question at some point after the call. Michelle, can we move to the next speaker.
Sami Badri: Thank you, Jim. Cisco's next quarterly conference call, which will affect our fiscal year '24 third quarter results will be on Wednesday, May 15, 2024, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. This concludes today's call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Cisco Investor Relations, and we thank you very much for joining the call today.
Chuck Robbins: Amit, thank you very much. So obviously, with the lower guide, we talked about the feeling that there's some macro uncertainty. We talk to our teams in preparation for this, and they obviously submitted their forecast. And what we really saw was what they previously told us 90 days ago relative to the second half versus what they told us a couple of weeks ago had changed materially, which means customers are pushing things out and putting a little more scrutiny on them. So that's the difference that we've seen. As far as trying to break down what percentage comes from each of those - the three, including the digestion issue, as well as the telco and SP piece. I think it's pretty difficult to do, honestly. However, I will say that we think that the consumption of the elevated inventory levels should be - we should be through that by the end of our fiscal year. We think that SP telcos, the SP telco and cable side of it, we're hopeful that in the '25, they will begin investing again. We originally had anticipated that they would begin to invest in the second half of this year, and we no longer believe that to be true. And I think that - so I think the consumption issue and the SP thing or the consumption issue is temporary through the end of the year. The macro thing is one that we're going to have to wait and see and the SP telco probably similarly. And all of these things led us obviously to reset the second half of the year. On the Nvidia partnership, it is definitely Ethernet. I was in the meeting when we first talked about this with Jensen, and he agreed that we would include our Ethernet technology with their GPUs and creating the stack. There will also be servers as well, and there'll be multiple versions of this over time. So - but it will include our Ethernet technology when they're connecting multiple clusters.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Meta. So I would say that what we do see customers investing in is clearly cybersecurity. We see observability as you saw the 16% growth rate. We even saw collaboration positive this quarter, which was a good sign. They're at various phases of still dealing with this hybrid work situation. We had a very strong quarter with our devices, our video device businesses. We see customers investing in their customer experience through technologies like contact center. And so we see a lot of that. We see customers continuing to invest in their application rearchitecture, which leads to both observability opportunities, as well as the rearchitecture of their networks to deal with the traffic flows that we've been talking about for a couple of years. I think the real issue right now is that we shipped so much networking in our core business that that's where the challenge is that they're just trying to get all that implemented right now. As it relates to the enterprise and how they're thinking about AI, what I would tell you is that over the last 90 days, we began to see the - the pipeline for AI use cases in the enterprise began to emerge. And there's a heavy work going on in financial services. I would say it's early in what they're trying to think through, but we are seeing opportunities arise. And I think that there have been some comments, not enough for me to translate this to a massive trend, but there were some comments from some of our field teams that they see customers holding budget back just to be ready to extend it on AI once they get their strategy fully baked. So that's about what I could tell you at this point.
Chuck Robbins: And David, on the share loss, I think if you look at the - just look at the last published reports that came out after Q...
Chuck Robbins: Calendar Q3, the - in our four largest markets, so if you take campus switching, you take wireless and you take SP routing, we actually gained share. So I don't know where the share loss thesis is coming from. When you look at data center switching, you will see it show up as a share loss. But to be - we have to understand that one of our major competitors there reports their web scale sales into data center switching, and we report our web scale sales into SP routing. So those turn into sort of apples and oranges categories. But the others, based on the last reports that were put out, we actually have gained share if you look at a rolling four quarter even over the last 3 years.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Simon. So on the order trajectory, I think what - we clearly don't guide bookings. But what I would tell you is that even as our teams modified their second half outlook, the second half will still be more favorable than the first half. So your assessment of sort of the trajectory, I think, is valid, and I'll leave it at that. On the AI clusters, I think it's a good question because what you'll hear is us and competitors talking about a number of web scale players that are using our technology underneath GPUs, our Ethernet technology and our GPUs. And so I think it's important to remember, they always tend to have a dual vendor strategy. They always want two sources, and so we're both actually - the two of us are actually playing in this space today. And I'd say today, they're completely homogeneous clusters. And I think it's too early to tell whether there will be some benefit over time for them to mix those. My sense is, unless there's something that changes significantly or there's some sort of technology reason for GPUs to be mixed, which I can't speak to at this point. I don't think the underlying network will be mixed. I just don't think there's any benefit for them to do that.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. Thanks, Tal. So I think over the last few quarters, I've been pretty consistent that we thought the second half of this fiscal year, we would start to see an acceleration of security. And I can give you some highlights where we are seeing some of that - some green shoots early. Some of the new innovation like XDR and Secure Access, Multicloud Defense suites are - we're seeing good pipeline build with those technologies. XDR, we now have - we announced that in April last year, we shipped in August. And we have 230 customers, 230-plus customers on the platform today. And the important thing to remember is that it's a big platform play. And we actually typically see that as a 6 to 9-month sales cycle. So to have 230 customers already, I think, is a statement on the value that our customers are seeing. That's going to be a real important integration point with Splunk, by the way. So that we see, we see - we feel good about the pipeline. From a demand perspective, just to give you some insight, the Americas, the demand was almost double digits this past quarter, which is the highest we've seen in a while. So I think we're seeing a lot of good indicators. And if you just watch over the next 6 to 9 months, you're going to see more and more innovation that comes out. And I think you'll begin to believe and see the results around that same time frame.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks. I would say on the thing that's changed from last quarter is that we do just see a little more caution with our customers. I don't want to over-rotate and say that it's a massive shift, but we definitely saw more caution. We talked with our sales leaders ahead of the call, and they indicated - we asked them point blank, was there more caution or the same caution from the prior quarter, and we heard more, a little bit more. And then we saw the push out of the forecast. So that just tells us that there is a little bit more in the system. So therefore, I think we need a couple of quarters to see it play out before we can declare what's going to happen in fiscal '25. On the Nvidia discussion, a couple of comments. We talked about the $1 billion of orders, which I know someone is going to ask me about at some point. And what I would say is that in the last 90 days, our pipeline of AI opportunities continue to grow. The pipeline is now almost three times that particular number that we gave last time, which were more orders that we see in '25. The total pipeline is now about three times that, roughly three times that. And I would say that virtually none of that is anything associated with the Nvidia partnership yet. It's all independent of that.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Ben. So I would say on the HP, Juniper deal, the one area where they have meaningful overlap is in wireless. And I don't know if there's any connection to the fact that we had a 50% increase in $1 million-plus wireless deal sequentially. So it's hard to say. But I mean there is a lot of noise in the system or in the industry about what they do there, but I can't say specifically that any customers have talked to me about it, to be honest. So I think we're - I think it's a little early for them to - for the customers to be expressing that concern. They may be asking them directly, but they're not talking to us. On the timing, yes, I think we said fiscal '25, which starts in August of this year. And I think you probably should assume most of that is probably in the second half, I would guess, but we'll see how things play out. I think customers are going to move as fast as they possibly can, but we're still in the early strategy and planning stages right now on most of it. The pipeline stuff are well-defined use cases that are already in place with certain customers, and we're actually just working through the opportunities.
Chuck Robbins: On the Nvidia front, I think, look, one of the key benefits that they see is leveraging our enterprise go to market, and our global ecosystem and partner community. And therefore, when these solutions are flowing through our channels and our sales teams and our partners, it will be Cisco Ethernet.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. I think - thanks for the question, Woo Jin. I think the way to think about it is, we put a - as you can imagine, when you built up the level of annualized recurring revenue that we have, we've put a huge amount of focus on both customer success and driving adoption and then turning that adoption into renewals. We've invested fairly heavily in that space over the last couple of years, and we're seeing renewal rates respond accordingly. When you look at where we're more software-heavy outside of networking, but in both security and collab, as you saw, we reported growth - revenue growth in both of those categories. Observability is almost exclusively software, and we posted 16% revenue growth in observability. So we are seeing that actually trend in the right direction.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Tim. So on the margin growth trade-off, we're always considering that. And we're very disciplined, though. And we think that gross margins are clearly a reflection of the value that your customers see and your technology and what you deliver. And if you look at a lot of our competitors, and you look at some of the market share, I mean, some of the gross margins that they have, that tells you that they're viewed more as a commodity. And I think that our customers see real value in what we deliver to them. So while we always look at margins versus growth, we also are - we're just disciplined across both. On the AI front, Silicon One is a big play, clearly. We've delivered next-generation silicon into several of the cloud providers right now. We've got the Ethernet running in three of the four big ones, and we'll use the same silicon in the enterprise data center over time. We've got GPUs in our UCS platforms. And so it's evolving, but we have - I tell our teams unlike the original cloud transition that we talked on this call several times about how we were not prepared for the infrastructure play in the cloud world. I think we are absolutely ready and well equipped to succeed in this transition to AI. It will be a tailwind for us as we get into it over time.
Chuck Robbins: So our team measures what their use cases or franchises or however you want to think about it, there are specific areas within the infrastructure that we identify for each of the webscale players. And Scott, keep me honest, I want to say we're designed into '16 or...
Chuck Robbins: 21 of those. And so that's how I would think about it. I don't think that right now, if you looked at the growth numbers, they wouldn't be reflective of what's going on because they're just digesting inventory right now. So they're not in a position where they need to order a lot because lead times have normalized so much. So I don't think that's - it's not even relevant. I think understanding those 21 use cases. And as I said earlier, they want dual source, and they want dual source all the way down to the silicon level. In the traditional days with carriers, they wanted two vendors who would provide two different integrated systems. In this case, that may be the case with cloud, but they also look at silicon, they look at components. They're very deep on wanting to make sure that they have resiliency and optionality.
Scott Herren: Yes, David, I'll start and then Chuck, you can chime in on share. The way to think about the 5% to 7%, if you go back to when we gave that metric, you remember, it was in 2021, actually pre all of the supply chain volatility that we've seen. And since then, of course, we've seen the supply chain set in, which caused a spike in product orders and then a subsequent big building up of our backlog as we cleared the backlog, we saw a spike in revenue. And so it's been difficult to look at year-on-year compares as all those dynamics were going on. What we're seeing now is as we've cleared the backlog, and we cleared it very quickly, given the strength of our supply chain team, that bottleneck has just moved downstream. So I don't think you can look at this year's revenue and try to somehow compare it to historical because of all the moving parts underneath the covers. What underpinned that 5% to 7% when we gave it to you was that's the aggregated growth of the TAM of the markets that we play in, right? And so at this point, we still see that as the longer term where we're headed. I think looking at year-on-year growth rates, I don't think you're going to see those growth rates begin to normalize until we work through the inventory that's in the field right now, which is one of the biggest headwinds we've got, right? Then we can get back to regular ordering and then you need to lap that, right? You need to go four quarters out to be able to compare it to a more normalized point. So I think that's the way you need to think about that longer term. But there's no change at this point. We'll update the longer-term model after we finish the acquisition of Splunk and can give you better insight into what we look like as a combined company.
Scott Herren: Yeah. But, Ben, our expectation is the majority of that $1 billion in orders will turn into revenue in our fiscal '25, just to be clear.
Scott Herren: Yes. What you saw in the quarter is, of course, gross margins continue to show a year-on-year improving trend, roughly flat, as you said, sequentially. There's a couple of dynamics. But to your question on where does this settle in? I think it settles in the range we're in right now in the 66% to 67% range through the end of the year. There's both the things that are happening from a freight and delivery standpoint, freight costs with what's happening in the Red Sea have gone up slightly, and we continue to see a little bit of component pressure, although in the commodity sections, we're seeing some benefit there. The scale of the services ramp up as you - obviously, services revenue trails the product revenue. We had those three really strong quarters of product revenue growth. We're seeing the tail of that now in our services revenue growth. And since a lot of the cost underneath our services are fixed, you get better leverage when that happens. So I think when you add all those together, we should settle in, in the 66% to 67% range. And the majority of, if not all of the supply chain constraints that we felt are behind us at this point.
Scott Herren: Michael, on the midpoint of the revenue guide, the math would lead you to what you just said. I think no one ever wants to have to reset guidance, much less have to do it twice. As Chuck just said, as we look at all the various factors coming in from the field, we see caution. And I think you should expect that there's caution in our guide at this point.
Scott Herren: Yes. We absolutely are working with the field on that. In a lot of cases, it boils down to a lack of the skilled resources required at both - sometimes at our partner level, sometimes at the customer level to get that done. There's only so much you can do to accelerate it. We have put in place incentives to make that accelerate. To your other point on cancellations or stock rotation, we're seeing those continuing to be well below where they were pre-pandemic. So we're not seeing any of that - any pressure on that front.
Scott Herren: Aaron, the only thing I'd add is - and we said it earlier, there's no question that over time, given the way we're positioned, both from a complete box, a white box and a silicon standpoint, there's no question that AI is a tailwind for us longer term.
Scott Herren: Yes. On the price declines, you got to remember, go back to why we put the price increases in to begin with. And that was really to offset the higher cost that we were seeing from many of our suppliers as everyone was dealing with constraints and supply demand is pretty straightforward. What we haven't seen in the wake of this, some of the commodities, the prices have come down, memory is a good example. But we haven't seen broadly is cost decreases coming in from our providers at this point. And so with that - and you see that reflected in our gross margins, which have returned to a more normal range, but are still sitting in that 66% to 67% range. So I'm not anticipating at this point, price declines pending significant cost declines coming into us. On the cost savings, you can see where we are year-to-date. We've got - if you just look at operating expenses for a minute, year-to-date, operating expenses are modestly up. And after working our way through the restructuring that we discussed today, for the full year, we think they'll be modestly down. So I think that's probably the right way to think about it as you're looking to build your model.
