Melissa Selcher: Thanks, Kim. Welcome, everyone, Cisco's fourth quarterly FY 2015 quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO, and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings release with expanded financial information. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial information can also be found on the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. And we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue, and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we'll be providing for the first quarter. They're subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during this quarter unless it's done through a specific public disclosure. I'll now turn the call over to Chuck.
Melissa Selcher: Thanks. Kim, let's open for questions. I'd like to remind analysts to please ask just one question. Thanks, Kim.
Melissa Selcher: Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY 2016 first quarter results, will be on Thursday, November 12, 2015, a day later than normal because of Veterans Day, at 1:30 Pacific Time, 4:30 Eastern Time. Again, I'd like to remind you that in light of Regulation SP, Cisco's policy is to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's been through an explicit public disclosure. Thank you for joining our call.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Mel. It's an honor today to lead this call as the CEO of Cisco. While this is only my third week officially in the CEO role, we've really hit the ground running since my appointment was announced on May 4. I believe that I'm stepping into this role at an incredible time for the company. John's vision and leadership have set Cisco up for the future that I believe will be even better than our past. John is an industry icon, a global community leader, a friend. And as Executive Chairman, I'm excited that our customers, partners, employees, and shareholders will continue to benefit from his contribution to key priority areas, and I look forward to his partnership going forward. Over the last 90 days, we've seen an infectious energy emerge at Cisco, and we've made strong moves around the four focus areas that I laid out: accelerating what's working and changing what's not; simplifying our business; driving operational rigor; and investing in our talent and our culture. We will continue to move quickly. And going forward it is my intention to be transparent on what we were doing, what we are doing, and more importantly, why we are doing it. As we closed our fiscal year, we delivered record revenues and record non-GAAP EPS for both Q4 and fiscal year 2015. We're growing our business and earnings while driving the evolution of our portfolio and how we bring increasing value to our customers. We demonstrated our continued commitment to driving shareholder value, and in FY 2015 returned $8.3 billion to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, which represented 73% of our free cash flow. Cisco is in a very strong position. Our results reflect the work we've done over the last several years transforming Cisco in today's rapidly changing market. When I think about our strategy, I look at the huge market opportunity that exists as businesses and governments use technology to drive their growth and operational efficiency. This is why our customers are moving to digital, and it is their number one priority. In the digital world, data is the most strategic asset, and is increasingly distributed across every organization and ecosystem, on premise, at the edge, and in the cloud. The network plays an increasingly important role enabling our customers to aggregate, automate, and draw insights from this highly distributed data with security and speed. This is driving them to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and it is how we will continue to drive our differentiated strategy and prioritization in our business. This is something our customers and our partners appreciate. And starting today and over the coming months, it is my goal to simplify and bridge for you how Cisco's unique position in this significant market translates into growth and profits for our shareholders, both today and over the long term. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Kelly to run through our execution on our financial strategy.
Charles H. Robbins: Thank you, Kelly. So let me quickly summarize. I believe our strategy and execution have enabled our performance to be quite differentiated from our peers. We delivered record revenue and non-GAAP EPS and drove positive growth in new orders while increasing our deferred revenue on the product side by 21%. We are delivering these strong results all as we transition our business. Let me give you some clear examples. First, as we look at our collaboration business, two years ago we said we would overhaul our portfolio and shift it towards more recurring revenue. We delivered revenue growth of 14% and saw deferred revenue growth over 20% on the strength of our subscription and SaaS businesses. As we look at security, in a highly distributed digital world, security is the top concern for our customers. We are pushing threat-centric security everywhere across the extended network, driving our FirePOWER security services across hundreds of thousands of ASA firewall platforms and ISR routers. In Q4 we added customers more than 15 times faster than Sourcefire at the time of the acquisition. We're quickly building a substantial software subscription business in our security portfolio, and you see that in the 26% growth of deferred revenue in Q4 for security. Assuming we continue to execute, I'm confident we'll see high double-digit growth in the back half of this year. In switching, we are driving the transition to the Nexus 3000, Nexus 9000, and ACI, and in the quarter we grew revenue across those product families to $438 million, growing more than 100% year over year and more than 50% sequentially. We added 1,400 new Nexus 9000 customers, bringing us to over 4,100 total. And 26 of our 28 largest enterprise customers are now Nexus 9000 customers, with 30% of them new in Q4. In high-end routing, we continued to drive the transition in the core and saw both of our new platforms grow in triple digits. We've solidified our lead in this market. And with Meraki, customers are rapidly adopting this new cloud-based consumption model. Three years ago we bought Meraki for $1.2 billion, with $100 million of annual orders. We closed this year with almost a $1 billion order run rate, scaling the business through our global commercial channels. These are just a few examples of what we are capable of when we focus, and this is what I intend to accelerate. We've only begun to scratch the surface on how we can take advantage of our scale and relevance in this digital transition and how we deliver our technology to our customers. The strategic role Cisco is playing is at the center of the digital transition today and in the future, and it's why I strongly believe Cisco's best years are ahead of us. Mel, let's open it up for questions.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, James. Thanks for the question. Number one, I am very bullish about where we are with our security portfolio. I think the team has done a tremendous job. They've actually driven the transition that we have begun from hardware to software and subscription business. As we stated, the deferred revenue was up over 20%, I think 26% in the quarter. Software is now 47% of our security portfolio. On the FirePOWER services, which is where we have our malware capabilities, we added almost 3,000 new customers, which before the quarter I think we had 3,000 customers, so we doubled the number during the quarter. And what we plan to do now is take that across all of our 275,000 ASA firewall customers. And I do feel comfortable that in the next couple quarters we'll get the revenue back in the high double digits. So I think it's a transition that we're pushing. I think the team is doing a great job of accelerating that transition. I think it will be good for us in the long run. As it relates to our portfolio, when we think about this, we clearly are going to have to continue to expand our offerings for the customers. And we'll do that through a combination of internal R&D, acquisitions where needed, partnerships where they make sense, co-innovation where it makes sense, so we'll be looking at all alternatives.
Charles H. Robbins: And, Simona, on the enterprise portion of the question, so the number that we put out there was a bookings number, order number, new orders. And candidly, I'm not concerned. We see the enterprise business, because of the finite number of customers that exist in that segment, we see those varying quarter by quarter. The commercial and public sector, we sell the same solutions. And I think that if you look at the performance there, we're very optimistic. So I'm not concerned at all about the enterprise business.
Charles H. Robbins: Amitabh, thanks for the question. I'm pleased with where we are. If you look at our performance in the campus and in the access piece of our business, we had solid performance. We continue see strength based on, frankly, customers connecting everything, IoE, collaboration. As we continue to drive our collaboration portfolio, all of those video end units require switching ports. Security is driving an element of that, as is the transition we see in wireless. In the data center, we're continuing to work through the transition that we have talked about. I think that you can tell from the numbers that we put up on the Nexus 3000/Nexus 9000 revenue at $438 million, up 53% sequentially, we feel really good about where we are. We're accelerating there, and I think that we are very optimistic and pleased with where we are in our switching business.
Charles H. Robbins: Tal, this is Chuck. It's a great question. So as we look at our data center switching, again, we are very pleased with the campus and the access switching. We've got a refresh that's being driven there, and that's moving along well. We're very happy with the transition going on in the data center switching space. As we look at customers that are migrating to 10-gig, 40-gig, 100 gig, which is really represented by the data that I gave you earlier, and it's just being offset by the transition from the Nexus 7000 to these new platforms. And we think in the next few quarters we'll see that inflection point.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Pierre. So on the service provider business, clearly we're pleased that we got back to growth this quarter. Our teams have done a great job. We're proud of what they've done. We made some changes over the last 18 months internally in engineering and services and in sales to better position us, and I think that had a lot to do with it. I also think that we have really gotten to a point of what I'd say architectural vision alignment with most of our customers. We saw balance throughout the quarter in SP. We saw good performance from data center, collaboration, high-end routing, even SP mobility. And so while we're pleased with the 2%, we're still cautiously optimistic about where we go. I think that in the second half of the year right now, relative to when you think about SP CapEx, there's a lot of movement right now around the expectations for that in the second half. And candidly, we have not modeled any significant increase in the second half of CapEx spend from SP. And if it does occur, then we'll certainly benefit from that. So again, we're cautiously optimistic in this space.
Charles H. Robbins: Simon, thanks for the question. So as we think about the SPs right now, I mentioned earlier that we had great success in our high-end platforms that we talked about last year as we began the transition, both of them growing over 100%. As we look at the marketplace today, we did really well in the core. We need to probably improve our performance in our edge routing platforms as we look ahead. But I do think that as we look at where the service providers are going, what they want to do with virtual managed services, how we're aligned now around the deployment of NFV and how we move forward with that, we think that we're well positioned with routing as we look ahead.
Charles H. Robbins: Jess, thanks. So on the MSDC and web players, what I will tell you is that we've spent a great deal of time over the last couple years really understanding what the requirements are, where they're headed, and how we can provide the technology that they need. And I'll tell you, this quarter the top 10 web-scale players, our order growth exceeded 20%, so we're very pleased with where we're going. We actually embarked on some co-development with one of the cloud titans in the last 12 months, and we delivered last quarter a new high-end platform to them as a result of that co-development. So we're pleased with our progress there. We continue to work with them around their unique needs, and we think with our ability to build out scalable solutions with consideration to their unique needs, I think that we're reasonably well positioned. On the services side, we had good performance this quarter at 4%. I think as we look at our customers and they continue to move to the Internet of Everything and connecting devices, they're going to continue to need more and more services. So we're pleased with where we are, and we feel good about our position in the services business going forward.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, George. We always appreciate that question. This is why when we look at our enterprise segment this quarter, it doesn't concern me. When you look at our commercial business, our selling motions, our solutions and everything we do are the same. There's just a much broader base of customers to balance it across. So we grew the global business in commercial 11%. Just a couple other data points for you, our U.S. commercial business this past quarter grew 19%. That's 23 consecutive quarters of positive growth, and 16 of those have been double digits, so we've had very consistent performance. I think the key is that we have really shifted both our solutions and our technology as well as our selling motion and our services capability to be much more tightly aligned with how the technology aligns to our customers' business issues. And I think we're doing that very well in the enterprise, and I think the teams have done a really good job of that in commercial. And those commercial customers, those midrange customers, we see it time and time again. They tend to be the early adopters of our new technology because they view it as a way to accelerate their business, to drive their competitiveness, and they just always seem to adopt early. Meraki has clearly been a big success for us, as I said earlier, relative to exiting Q4 almost on a $1 billion run rate from an order perspective. And we continue to see it being a very relevant portion of particularly the lower end of our commercial market, our K-through-12 market in not only wireless, but also we're seeing an expansion into managed cloud switching as well as security. So we're very pleased with where that is going, and we would expect to continue to add more and more functionality to that platform.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Tim, good to hear from you. Thanks for the question. So if you look at the emerging markets, I would tell you that story in Q4 was quite similar to the story in Q3. If we go through the five BRICM countries, Brazil actually was negative 45%. Russia was negative 38%. China was negative 3%, which actually was the best performance we've had in eight quarters. And we had some bright spots. India was plus 5%. Mexico was plus 26%, and Mexico had just a tremendous year in general. And all the emerging countries outside of those five actually grew 3%. So overall it was negative 2%, as we stated. So it's very much the same as it was last quarter. I think that largely they're largely macro and geopolitical issues. We have adjusted our cost structure where needed and we've invested in areas where we've seen growth, as you would expect. And we believe that as the macro and the geopolitical issues resolve themselves, we think we'll be a big beneficiary of that. The other comment I'll just make on emerging is if you just look at the EMEA numbers and you remove Russia, EMEA was actually positive. So it was up plus 1% without Russia. So overall, the emerging continued to be a little bit of a strain.
Charles H. Robbins: So as we look at Europe, I think that again, there's an emerging markets element associated with it the way we measure EMEA. And also, I think we stated on the last call that we believe that the currency issue may have as much as one to three points, even though we sell primarily in U.S. dollars in most countries. So I will say that I believe our teams have proven over the last several quarters in Europe that they out-execute our peers and our competitors, and that they – I think if there are macro issues, we'll deal with them. But based on the things that we can control, I think our teams are doing a very good job.
Kelly A. Kramer: Hi, Simona. I'll take the backlog one here. So looking at our backlog, it was down marginally from a year ago. And as you know, that's just a point in time. I think the big difference when you compare that to the great strength you're seeing in our product deferred revenue being up is as soon as we invoice it out of our – invoice whatever it is, the hardware or the software, we remove it from backlog. And then obviously, then as we get our cash for our things or we defer it for a deal, it goes into deferred. So there's a bit of a disconnect between the two of when it's actually invoiced out. But from a backlog weeks, it's right in the same line as what we'd expect at the end of the year.
Kelly A. Kramer: Hi, Mark. So obviously, when I did Cisco Live, we had assumed the SP video set-top business was still in our portfolio. I think, though, to offset that, as you know, we're very acquisitive, and we will continue to be very acquisitive going forward as we continue to build out our portfolio, especially in areas like software and security. So in terms of your second part of your question, we will clearly break out to you – we expect to close the deal officially in the December – January timeframe. And when we give guidance for Q3, we'll make sure it's very transparent so you can adjust your models for what is coming out based on what we were modeling before.
Kelly A. Kramer: The cloud, we don't actually share that with you. But if I get back to your pricing question, I'd say what you're going to see this quarter is very similar to what you've seen all year. Our pricing has remained very – in a tight range. You're going see that our impact on year-over-year points is basically the same as where it was last quarter, so we're not seeing any incremental discounting going on. And again, that's looking across the board. I think our teams have been executing very, very well, especially outside the U.S. where they're facing the FX headwinds, where they're being very disciplined and managing through the currency effect.
