Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Michelle. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chairman and CEO; and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet, cash flow statement and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders, unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be made on a year-over-year basis, unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and the press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chuck. 
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Kelly. Michelle, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. [Operator Instructions] So with that, I'll turn it to you, Michelle. 
Marilyn Mora: Great. Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly earnings call, which will reflect our full year 2018 fourth quarter and annual results, will be on Wednesday, August 15 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call. If you have any further questions, feel free to contact the Cisco Investor Relations department, and we thank you very much for joining the call today. 
Kelly Kramer: Thanks, Chuck. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the quarter, followed by the guidance for Q4. We were pleased with the financial performance in Q3 with broad strength across the business. We executed well with very good orders momentum, strong revenue growth and solid margins. Total revenue was $12.5 billion, up 4%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.66, up 10%. We continue to focus on driving margins and profitability with a strong non-GAAP operating margin rate of 31.5%. Let me provide some more detail on our Q3 revenue. Total product revenue was up 5%, demonstrating the strength of our portfolio. Infrastructure Platforms grew 2% with strength in all businesses with the exception of routing. Switching returned to growth with revenue growth in both data center and campus. Campus growth was driven by our new switch, the Cat 9K. We saw solid growth in wireless with strength in Meraki and our Wave 2 offerings. Data center had very strong double-digit growth driven by servers as well as HyperFlex. Routing declined largely with the continued weakness in service provider. Applications was up 19% in total with broad strength across the businesses. We saw very solid growth in TelePresence endpoints, UC infrastructure and AppDynamics. Security was up 11% with strong performance in unified threat, advanced threat and web security. Deferred revenue grew 38% as we continue to drive more subscription-based software offers. Service revenue was up 3%, driven by growth in advanced services as well as software and solutions support. We continue to transform our business, delivering more software offerings and driving more subscriptions and recurring revenues. In Q3, we generated 32% of our total revenue from recurring offers, an increase of 2 points from a year ago. Revenue from subscriptions was 55% of our software revenue. We drove good growth in deferred revenue, which was up 9% in total, with product up 18% and services up 4%. Deferred product revenue from our recurring software and subscription offers was $5.6 billion, up 29%. We saw strong momentum in Q3 product orders growing 4% in total. Looking at our geographies, Americas grew 4%, EMEA was up 6% and APJC was up 3%. Total emerging markets was up 7%, with the BRICS plus Mexico up 12%. In our customer segments, enterprise was up 11%, commercial grew 7%, public sector was up 2% and service provider declined 4%. From a non-GAAP profitability perspective, total Q3 gross margin was 63.9%, down 0.5 points. Product gross margin was 62.9%, down 0.3 points. And service gross margin was 66.9%, down 0.9 points. We continue to be negatively impacted by the higher memory pricing we have discussed over the past several calls, which we expect to continue in the near term. Our operating margin was strong at 31.5%. When we look at the impact of acquisitions on our results year-over-year, there's been 120 basis point positive impact on revenue and a negative $0.01 year-over-year impact on our non-GAAP EPS. In terms of the bottom line, non-GAAP net income of $3.2 billion was up 6%, while GAAP net income was $2.7 billion. We grew non-GAAP EPS 10% to $0.66, while GAAP EPS was $0.56. We delivered operating cash flow of $2.4 billion, down 28%. We paid $1.3 billion of onetime foreign taxes during the quarter related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Operating cash flow increased 11% normalized for these tax payments. We repatriated $67 billion of our offshore funds to the U.S. and ended Q3 with total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $54.4 billion, with $47.5 billion available in the U.S. From a capital allocation perspective, we returned $7.6 billion to shareholders during the quarter that included $6 billion of share repurchases and $1.6 billion for our quarterly dividend. We recently announced an agreement to sell our Service Provider Video Software Solutions business. We expect this transaction to close in Q1 fiscal year '19 subject to any regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. We are continually looking to optimize our portfolio. To summarize, Q3 was a good quarter with solid top line growth, strong profitability and order growth. We continue to make solid progress on our strategic priorities, making key investments to drive our long-term growth. Let me reiterate our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year '18. This guidance includes the type of forward-looking information that Marilyn referred to earlier. We expect revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 6% year-over-year. We anticipate the non-GAAP gross margin rate to be in the range of 63% to 64%. The non-GAAP operating margin rate is expected to be in the range of 29.5% to 30.5%. And the non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be 21%. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to range from $0.68 to $0.70. I'll now turn it back to Marilyn so we can move on into the Q&A. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes. No, I think that covers it. Vast majority is the Advantage, which has the advanced features and the higher margin profile. And then the only other thing I would add is, it is very evenly spread across commercial, enterprise and public sector in terms of the demand and where we're seeing all the business. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes. So in general, I think the trends on both routing and service provider video, which is in the other bucket, have been consistent. And we're not assuming any improvement in either of those. So I would say our guide includes what we see. We feel really good about the rest of the portfolio, actually. And we see very good growth there, but those 2 trends are not improving. So that's basically what I have included. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes, sure. On OpEx, it's mainly driven by -- the increase is mainly driven by the acquisitions we've run, specifically AppDynamics. As you know, when we bought AppDynamics, very early stage. We're in heavy investment phase with them. So that's part of it as well as we've consolidated now BroadSoft. And then that also has a fairly high OpEx impact. If I back out -- if you look at my OpEx growth for the quarter, which was up a little less than 6%, 4 points of that alone is just purely the acquisitions. And that's, as I mentioned, the impact of acquisitions on my top line and it's hurting me on EPS. It's mainly in the OpEx line. So that's what's driving that. We're being very disciplined within the rest of the business to managing the portfolio. So I think it'll continue kind of in that range as we look forward to Q4, but that's kind of the underlying driver. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes. And just on the SPVSS business, we will -- it is in my guidance right now because we're going to -- obviously, we continue to run this business until the deal closes. It is the majority of what's in the other bucket, Vijay. So it's the bulk of that. But like we did when we divested the set-top box business, once we closed the transaction, we'll give you all the history so we can adjust the model and go forward from there. So you'll have complete visibility all the way through the P&L once we close the transaction. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes, sure. Thanks. And so yes, the headwind is still there because we are very much increasing the number of offers that we have as well as the revenue dollar that we're putting on the balance sheet. So the headwind is increasing. And just as we had talked in the past, now that the enterprise portfolio with the Cat 9K is starting to hit revenue, the headwind is increasing. So we said in the past it was 1.5 to 2 points. It definitely now is approaching the 2 to 2.5. And as we ramp more and more of the portfolio, we'll continue to see that. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes. So thanks for the question. So yes, on the recurring revenue, it's basically in the rounds. If I look at our product recurring revenue, again, it continues to grow over 30% to over 30% of our total product revenue. And overall, total recurring revenue is again growing in the double digits. So it's really the math and a little bit of the mix now that we have product revenue growing so much faster than services that's driving kind of just the pure math of the round from 33% to 32%. But we feel great about how it's progressing. Yes, if you go to our Financial Analyst Conference, we feel we're right on track of what we projected as that goes out to fiscal year '20. The only caveat I'll give you on that is, when we go into our fiscal year '19, we have to adopt the new revenue standard, which will have some implication on some of the products that are included in this. So we plan to have a call where we can go through the anticipated area that will be impacted to give you guys more clarity. And then we'll adopt that Day 1 of our fiscal year '19. But overall, we feel great about the traction. We're executing very well. And we're on track, if not slightly ahead, of what we expected when we talked at the Financial Analyst Conference. 
Kelly Kramer: And on the tax question. So again, we feel really good about where we stand in terms of that. As we said in the call, we brought back $67 billion from overseas. And we -- like we said in last quarter's earnings, we announced a big increase to our share buyback authorization. So we have $25 billion remaining in our share buyback. And we anticipate using that in the next, basically, 18 to 21 months. So we're being very aggressive there, like we had stated we would be once we got our cash back. So that's going well. As far as the tax rate, we also stated in Q2 that we expect our tax rate to be in the 21% for fiscal year '18. And we expect it to go down to 20% in fiscal year '19 when we get the full benefit of the U.S. -- the new U.S. federal rate. So overall, we feel great about the tax law and the implications for us. 
Kelly Kramer: Yes. I mean, again, I think, basically, AppDynamics has been in the numbers as we go along. I would say, BroadSoft has a mix of both perpetual and recurring, so it is not all recurring. I would say the bigger impact on the numbers, and again, it's really just the mix of the products. When we have product revenue growing 5%, services growing 3%. And within that product revenue, we had very, very strong server revenue growth, which has a very low software recurring proponent of it. That's what's really driving it. As I said, overall, the growth of product recurring revenue was over 30%, like it has been for the last 5 quarters. So that just continues to grow. It's really more the denominator of total revenue that's driving just the slight round down to 32%. 
Kelly Kramer: Mark, so as you guys know, we really do just give guidance one quarter in advance. And we feel very good about the guidance we gave of the 4% to 6% growth. As we look forward though, just to give you some color, context, in the Cat 9K, the demand is great. We have fantastic demand. We are taking orders like crazy. And there's great adoption out there by our customers that we don't see slowing down. So we feel great about that. But again, there's a lot of moving parts, and we'll take it one quarter at a time. The only other thing I just want to remind you is, we do have -- when our fiscal year starts in August for '19, we do have the tweak on the new revenue standard that we'll take you through any implications of. So feel really good about the Q4 guide, and we're just going to take it one quarter at a time. 
Charles Robbins: Okay. First of all, thanks, Ittai, and thanks for the positive comments. On the 9K, I think that we have roughly 840,000 customers. And I would say that there's a very long list of customers that are still available to us to deliver this platform. If you look at -- the products that we have put in the market and the new Catalyst 9K family are sort of like -- if you stack our portfolio and you say, we have a very low-end switch and then you have the old Catalyst 3000, the old Catalyst 4000, those are kind of the platforms that the current 9K family replace. So there's still a very long tail of customers. The other thing you have to remember is, many of these customers are buying the 9K and then it will become the standard platform. And they'll refresh the balance of their networks. The other thing I'll point out is that I think we said on one of the calls a while back that the enterprise segment, we would expect to lag the commercial segment with the 9K. And we did, in fact, see the enterprise business improve, and the 9K was part of that. So I think we still feel good about it. And this architecture has a long future for us. And there's a portfolio of products that sit within it. So I think if we're really honest, the number of customers who are making the decision to upgrade to the 9K, I would say it's not necessarily because, wow, what a new fantastic new Ethernet switch. It's really because they're buying into this automation strategy of which the entire portfolio will sit over time. And I think that's what we're banking on. And that's where we're banking on the long-term success. So the China question, look, if you look at our China business this quarter, we actually saw strength in switching in both the enterprise and commercial segments. And overall, I think there's still uncertainty there. But I believe, and I have been optimistic, and I remain optimistic that the 2 countries will come to some closure on the trade issues and that we'll get stability there. And I think -- we still believe in it. It's going to be, obviously, the largest economy in the world in the coming decade. And we remain committed and actually, we're doing pretty well. If you look at the SP routing business in China, it continues to be stressed, like it is around the world, but much of the other portfolio elements, we're very pleased with. 
Charles Robbins: So I'll start, Paul, and thank you for that -- the opportunity. Listen, I think that what I am most optimistic about is the renewed innovation that we have brought and will continue to bring in our enterprise portfolio, particularly into our core franchises, which was one of the things -- when I spoke to many of you when I became CEO 3 years ago and even when we were on the road last year, I said the #1 priority for us right now. Obviously, we're going to continue the business model evolution, but the #1 priority was to get the enterprise portfolio and particularly the switching business stabilized, which our teams have done a great job. And even if you look at the security portfolio with the team, and then I will tell you on the enterprise routing space, Kelly talked a little bit about the overall routing business. But SP routing is about half. And the enterprise routing, I will tell you that our teams have been working hard on the integration with the Viptela acquisition into our enterprise routing portfolio. And I actually feel really good about how that's coming along, and I'm optimistic about where that goes in the future. And I'm very optimistic about the overall innovation within the intent-based networking portfolio that we're going to bring forward over the next months, quarters and years. I guess if I had to say what I would be most concerned about in general, it's just sort of the macro and/or some geopolitical risk. I mean, you've got -- you've obviously got lots of trade discussions, which I remain optimistic on. But as long as there's uncertainty, then we wait and see. Obviously, the dollar rising, while we had a good quarter in emerging countries, and we're pleased with our execution there, the rising dollar obviously is another macro issue, but I'm very pleased with what the teams are executing on right now. And that's how I'd leave it. Kelly, any comments? Good. 
Charles Robbins: Thanks, Jeff. So I'm very happy with what our teams are doing in the data center switching market. In general, I think that the 100-gig transition, we're pleased with the return to growth in both the data center and the campus from a switching perspective. On the web-scale side, I would say the story continues to remain as I've articulated it. We continue to make progress. You've seen the announcement we made, obviously, with Google. We continue to work and execute on the details of those solutions that we announced with them. You'll see more coming out later this year from us there. We continue to engage deeply with all of these players. We've had continued progress with several of them and continued favorable discussions. But these are -- as I've said repeatedly, some of these are multiyear architectural decisions, and they take a while. But again, I'm optimistic and pleased with where we are right now. And I think the other thing I'd point out is that, this environment that our enterprise customers are facing right now where, literally, 4 or 5 years ago, they thought they were going to move to the public cloud and have a much simpler IT world. They now find themselves with 3 or 4 public cloud providers that they're consuming services from. They have 50, 60, 100 SaaS providers. We're beginning to see this real explosion of IoT devices at the edge. They still have their private data centers. Those have not gone away. You've got all of the mobility in customers and suppliers. And so the network is so fundamental to making all that work. And the web-scale providers know that as well, which has really enabled us to build these broad relationships that extend well beyond just the data center. So we're still pleased with where we are and we have a long way to go. 
Charles Robbins: And Srini, just one last comment on the part of your question where you asked if we would need to extend this to other parts of our portfolio. I mean, we will. If you look at the new enterprise routing, some of the comments I made in my opening was that we're extending our software and subscription business in the routing space. Many of those are software solutions. So we'll continue to evolve. And frankly, it's driven by how our customers want to consume the technology, which is great. And as Kelly said, it will create a short-term headwind, but we think long term for the business it's absolutely the right thing to do. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. So let me hit the first one. Relative to the competition in the campus, what I would say is that, look, we launched this architecture last June. And I think our customers have been incredibly excited about it. One of the very important things that we did is we made the architecture and DNA Center backwards compatible with at least one generation of our wireless products, our switching products, our routing products, et cetera. And I think that taking a look at all of those products is incredibly important because our customers don't want to have an automation platform that handles switching. They want an automation platform that handles the enterprise -- at a minimum, the enterprise network. And then over time, as we integrate our automation platform in the data center and the campus, you'll be looking at the ability to automate from the data center to the campus to the wireless network to the routing and frankly, the security architecture. And we think that is a unique architecture that we can deliver. We are leading right now. We see incredible acceleration of the Cat 9K and adoption by our customers. And we're very comfortable with where we are in this transition. 
Charles Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Tal. So look, we remain confident in the security architecture that we built, even when we had some deviation in the revenue run rate over the last year. And I think that as you look at the architecture that we have, which extends from e-mail to endpoints to the network to the cloud and then has this massive state machine where we can correlate threats and then dynamically defend, it's a unique proposition. And we say that we have this integrated architecture but also best-of-breed products. So where we are convincing customers that the architecture is right, then we're winning. And I think that our teams are doing a really good job. I think that the engineering teams have continued to add new features and new capabilities that our customers are adopting. And I think it's as simple as that. It's just -- it's we have reasonably good traction in the field right now. 
Charles Robbins: Well, I mean, we have -- the great thing about this architecture when we build it is that you can continue to add virtually any source of threat intelligence to this because it's built to digest massive amounts. I mean, we see 20 billion threats every day. So you can assume that we can add any sort of capability that we like. That includes threat sources and frankly, the same thing from a defense perspective. So within the portfolio, I think there's always an opportunity for our teams to continue to improve and continue to add features. And there's a lot of good competition in the space. It's very fragmented. So we just continue to execute against delivering that architecture. 
Charles Robbins: So I want to just thank everybody for joining us today. We appreciate you spending time with us. Appreciate the opportunity to answer your questions. And Marilyn, I'll kick it back to you for the details on the next call. 
