Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Sue. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 quarterly earnings conference call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chairman and CEO, and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons made throughout this call will be made on a year-over-year basis. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the first quarter of fiscal 2021. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties, including COVID-19, that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. In Q2 fiscal 2019, we completed the sale of our SPVSS [Service Provider Video Software Solutions] business. As such, all of the financial information we will be discussing is normalized to exclude the SPVSS business from our historical results. I will now turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Kelly. Sue, we'll now open up the queue for questions. And as a reminder, we ask the audience to address one question only so we have time to get through as many as possible. Sue, I'll turn it over to you.
Marilyn Mora: Great. Thank you, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect our fiscal 2021 first quarter results, will be on Thursday, November 12, 2020 at 1:30 PM Pacific Time, 4:30 PM Eastern Time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call, but if you have any further questions, feel free to contact the Cisco Investor Relations group, and we thank you very much for joining today's call.
Charles H. Robbins: Sami, thanks for the question. And it's been a pretty successful three years as we've been making this transition, and we obviously still have a ways to go, to your question, relative to a new target. We were talking about this in the last week or so, and we feel like we just need to get through this pandemic cycle that we have, and then we'll set some new targets and we'll communicate them to you at that time. So we don't have one yet.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Meta. I think that when we think about the network architectures, I think one thing we know is that our customers are living in this multi-cloud environment. And as they went into this work-from-home environment, as I said on our last call, those who had technical debt and those who had not really invested in modernizing their infrastructure, they know they will need to do that and they'll do it at different paces based on their financial abilities. I'd say that it's clear that many of our customers do want to consume the technology as a service, so we're currently looking at the entire portfolio to see how deeply we can get into the portfolio relative to delivering as a service, and I think we'll have a lot of that in the marketplace by the end of the calendar year. We will also be working with our customers on their network architectures, which are certainly going to be prevalent on or dependent upon cloud security, on SD-WAN and the integration of those, so we're going to accelerate that, as well as helping them navigate this multi-cloud world because I do think that we have seen some customers accelerate that shift as well. So the network architectures that we built 15 years ago, as I've talked about, just aren't relevant today because the traffic flows are completely different. And so we'll continue to work with customers, and I think it will be at a different pace just based on how they all come out and how they manage the pandemic.
Charles H. Robbins: Ittai, it's a great question. And your first question around the areas that we feel like we need to invest, I think this pandemic is basically just – it's just giving us the air cover to accelerate the transition of R&D expense into cloud security, cloud collab, away from the on-prem aspects of the portfolio. Clearly, we've got a lot of technology that we're working on today to help our customers over the next three, four, five years in this multi-cloud world that they're going to live in, and you'll see more of that come out over the next couple of years. But on the M&A question, I think that there's clearly a recognition that the valuations of the assets that are attractive have achieved different levels. And so, I think that we'll continue to be disciplined, but I would say that we're open to looking at the current world and the reality that we live in. So, I think we're open to any and all ideas and we continue to work through different options, and we have a list of potential targets that we maintain on a pretty regular basis. And so, I think the real difference is there has to be a recognition that the valuations have changed, but we'll try to be disciplined and do the right thing at the right time.
Charles H. Robbins: Well, I'll comment subjectively, and then I'll let Kelly talk a little bit about the numbers. I wouldn't say that we're coming out of the coronavirus right now. I think that it feels to me very much like it felt 90 days ago. And clearly, in the US, we have not seen – we've seen some areas that have gotten better and obviously some that have not. But I'd say, in general, it feels pretty much the same as it did 90 days ago to us relative to that. I think that some of the things you're talking about around service providers around the world and the possibility where we would be getting opportunities that we wouldn't have had before, I think some of those are still to be seen, but we would share that optimism, and we'll have to wait and see how that plays out. Kelly, do you want to talk about the...
Charles H. Robbins: I don't think that – I hadn't heard anything about anybody pulling anything forward. I think that the larger the companies are, the more confident they have in their ability to come out at some point, and they're going to continue to invest to position themselves when they come out. And clearly, there are some large enterprises that are not investing, depending on which industries they're in. But I think it's just normal investment cycles that certain large companies have just decided they're going to continue to pursue. And I do think Kelly made a good point. As we've given like the number of software license agreements that we did, it says that the portfolio that we have and the strategy we have, I think, whether it's helping them with application visibility as they move more to the cloud, it's going to resonate even more. When you think about the security strategy we have going to the cloud, it's going to be more required in the future. We look at this infrastructure transformation as they deal with this multi-cloud world and these new traffic flows, I think that's going to be super-relevant. And then obviously, the employee and customer experience that they have, which are all areas that we're investing in, I think when we come out of this, those will be even more in demand than they were when we went into it. We've just got to get to the other side of it, and then I feel pretty good.
Charles H. Robbins: Simon, I'll let Kelly talk about the numbers in a minute, but I'm going to share with you my instinct on this because I've thought about the same thing. Because the one thing that we know is that the campus business that we have, people aren't in their campus offices, so the whole notion of refresh and upgrades clearly are not top of mind for every customer the way they might have been nine months ago. However, what I think is that the 9K is for those customers who are either in the process of a real commitment to modernizing their infrastructure and they're continuing to do that, or they've made a decision and they have the financial wherewithal right now to actually embark on that, and the 9K is what they are using to do that in their campus environments. And some of them are using this opportunity with no one in their campus environments to upgrade. Clearly, that's not every customer, but I think what it says is those customers who are still on our older platforms, which we didn't see the growth on, it's sort of the story we talked about. They haven't committed to refresh, they haven't committed to that modernization piece, and so that part is not accelerating, but the 9K has continued to accelerate. So it's been a positive story for us. Kelly, do you want to...
Charles H. Robbins: Simon, I think two just comments on top of that. Number one is we still are very early in this whole process. And the 9200, I think it's important to note. It is a small business product, but it's also an access layer product in the enterprise, as it goes into branches, it goes into, in some cases, wiring closets, et cetera. So we will still see some continued demand for that.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah. Jeff, thanks for asking the question. I would have been in trouble if I'd gotten off this call and not talked about webscale. So, we saw another positive quarter, so that's one of the areas that was really positive for us. It was the third quarter in a row where we've had double-digit growth with the webscale players. And again, as I said last quarter, we have had some traction with the 8K, some traction with our silicon, but nothing that's meaningfully moving the numbers yet. So, it really is just the rest of the portfolio. But as I said, I think it speaks to the long-term effort that we've put in over the last few years of rebuilding these relationships, and I think it speaks to their belief in our strategy going forward. And we feel good about where we are, and we believe over the next one to two years that they'll begin to be meaningful contributors, and we're excited about what the teams have done.
Charles H. Robbins: Literally, we're looking at everything. We're trying to – we're looking at everything from our compute portfolio to clearly our software assets are already in the midst of that transition, and many of them are already being sold that way. And we're even looking at how we deliver our traditional networking hardware as a service over time. So it is literally across the portfolio. And we see an acceleration of some of the work that's already been underway. Obviously, the collaboration portfolio has been transitioning to as-a-service for quite a while. We even launched last, I don't know, two, three quarters ago, we launched our hardware-as-a-service in the collaboration portfolio as a pilot. And we've been working hard on all the operational capabilities and the systems work that needs to be done to do that. So it literally is across the entire portfolio, and we'll give you an update on the next call for sure.
Charles H. Robbins: All right, I just want to recap and just thank first of all Kelly for everything and the friendship and all the great work that you've done and reiterate that she's going to stay with us until we actually identify her successor, and she'll help advise us through that process. So we're excited about her sticking around and helping us do that. I want to thank the team for executing through a really challenging time. And I really want to reiterate that I think that the strategy that we had going in, I believe when we come out of the pandemic, will be more relevant to our customers than it was six, nine months ago. So I'm optimistic about the future, and we're going to continue to execute through this. And thank you all for joining us today.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, and then from the compares, I mean, Q1 of 2020, so my guide for this next quarter, in Q1 of 2021, that's our toughest compare. Obviously, we had – Q3 and Q4 were very, very tough for us in 2020 because of COVID, so comparing to Q1 of 2020 right now, we still have some tougher compares. But they do get easier as the year goes on, assuming that the pandemic ends. But as you know, Jim, we forecast based on what we see, based on the order rates, and we feel this is a pretty accurate guide.
Kelly A. Kramer: Sure. Where you'll see the costs coming out, I'd say the majority of it in OpEx, I'd say maybe an 80/20 split. We'll certainly have some in COGS too on that side, on the services side, but mostly in OpEx. And in terms of timing, we should see a lot of this, most of this, the bulk of this coming out at the end of Q1 and a little bleeding over into Q2 depending on the country it's in.
Kelly A. Kramer: The only thing I will add, and Chuck kind of touched on this, again, it is the biggest, biggest premier enterprise accounts, they are still investing significantly and they had very good order rates. But it does – as you go down the tiers in enterprise, it did slow down, and commercial is not surprising. You saw what the commercial numbers are. So I do think it is related to they're waiting to see what comes out of the pandemic and they're pausing their spends. But I think this is why seeing the big, big accounts still investing in their digital transformation I think gives us confidence that once we do get through this, we feel good about how we'll come out of it.
Kelly A. Kramer: I think you said it well, and I think, Simon, your point as well. So the products you referenced, the Cat 9200, which was launched for the lower end, the mid to lower end, is in that commercial segment, to your point. But when I look at it individually, that product is still – revenue is growing like amazing double digits, and so that just shows that we're still very early in the transition. When the customers are buying, they are buying the new portfolio hand over fist, and it's just the COVID impact of the overall and again the legacy products falling off is really what's driving it. But that's why we have faith and feel good about the portfolio when we come out of the environment.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah. I mean, we don't disclose the total SaaS number. Again, it's made up of our Webex business, a lot of our portfolio, Duo and Umbrella and security. And again, acquisition, Meraki is a hybrid where we ship an appliance, but then it has the SaaS management, and things like ThousandEyes that we're adding to our networking portfolio and AppDynamics, I mean, that's just going to continue to accelerate. So, I think you're going to see it twofold, right? You're going to continue to see us to be – those are the type of assets that we have been acquiring and will continue to acquire, and you're seeing internally this is also how we are developing product to try to accelerate that. But the growth in the SaaS portfolio has been really good for us.
Kelly A. Kramer: And on the cost-out, so again, we are taking out gross over $1 billion, so that is gross. But like anything, Jeff, there's puts and takes as we go forward, so whether it's things like the dollars, weaker FX, it's going to be a bit of a headwind this year, we reset the bonus, all that kind of stuff, that will be puts and takes. But that's a real cost-out that we're taking out as we go through and do our planning.
