Sami Badri: Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's first quarter fiscal year '24 quarterly conference call. This is Sami Badri, Cisco's new Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our Chair and CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Having followed Cisco on the sell-side for 10 years, I couldn't be more excited to join the company and look forward to engaging with you all in my new role. By now, you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. As a reminder, we have simplified how we report product and service revenue and customer markets. Starting this quarter, we are reporting revenue in the following five categories: networking, security, collaboration, observability, and services. And we are reporting customer markets in the following three categories: enterprise, public sector, and service provider and cloud. Also, as is customary in Q1, we have made certain reclassifications to prior period amounts to conform to the current period's presentation. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results, and we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons made throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the second quarter and full year of fiscal 2024. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent report on forms 10-K which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. I will now turn it over to Chuck.
Sami Badri: All right. Thank you, Michael, and all right. So we'll go ahead and turn it over to you, Chuck, for some closing remarks.
Sami Badri: Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our fiscal year 2024 second quarter results, will be on Wednesday, February 14, 2024 and at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. This concludes today's call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact the Cisco Investor Relations department, and we thank you very much for joining the call today.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Tal, it's a great question. As I said in -- well, we talked about one quarter to two quarters of basically inventory, but shipped product that's at our customers, it's not yet been installed. I expect the impact to be greatest in Q2 and in Q3. But when you look at the order growth, we do see a return to order growth in the second-half of the year, both sequentially and year-on year as we get there.
Chuck Robbins: No, from a revenue standpoint, we don't guide bookings, Tal, but from a revenue standpoint, I do see sequential increase, Q2 to Q3.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Meta, thanks for the question. I think your latter comment is probably the closest to the truth. We don't anticipate a big difference. Although, I think with the improvements that we've seen in our portfolio and security, we should see security accelerate. Obviously, we'll continue to update you on the AI opportunity that's out there. We think that's going to continue to be a driver over the next couple of years. But in general, I think it will look more normal once we get through this.
Chuck Robbins: Hey, Simon, thanks for that. I would say the bigger variance that we're seeing, I mean, right now, obviously the demand signal is little bit tough because of the amount of inventory that's out in the field and that we have normalized lead times at this point. We knew that would happen sometime in the first half. That's now happened. Our lead times are back to where they were pre-pandemic. And our backlog has shipped. The supply chain team has done a terrific job getting product out the door. That's what's kind of moved the bottleneck from our level down to our customers' level. But when you start to unpack within networking, we're not seeing at this point, a huge difference between, for example, datacenter or campus networking. But what we are seeing is a little more field-based inventory on wireless access points. That's been slightly slower than what we've seen. It just because of the amount of product that's been shipped out than what we've seen in the rest of the networking.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Ben, as we said on the Splunk transaction, it's going to be outside of the transactional costs. It's going to be cash flow positive from the first year forward. So the Splunk transaction is not, in any way, having an effect on our capital return, either through the dividend or through the -- through share buybacks. We expect to continue that higher level and consistent higher level of share buybacks, and to continue to show increases in our dividend. We also will obviously look at the opportunity -- at the chance to be opportunistic on the share buyback. I'm not going to commit to that at this moment, but that is something that we will obviously take a look at.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Samik. I think my point with October was that if you go back to the end of Q4, we talked about on the last call that we had a fair amount of momentum as we exited the quarter, which is one of the reasons we didn't expect to see this. And we had our normal year-end sales, moving accounts around, moving territories around, and getting sort of the sales start-up process that happens in the first say six weeks of the fiscal year, which we went through. So what we tend to look for is the middle of the quarter. And then into October is when we expect to see, the actual quarter materialize and everything kind of come together, and it just didn't. And that's what -- that was the comment about that it was primarily -- we really -- it was really clear to us in October that -- that this was going to be the situation. Relative to they’re the ones who are having the consumption issue because they have the most inventory. You asked how we -- what confidence we have if it's not SMB, if you look at orders, we look at -- we look at a sub-segmentation within enterprise now, and within service provider, etc., and SMB was fine. And in fact, the smaller the customer we had, the better their order performance for us in the quarter was. So it just follow the trend that the consumption issue was upmarket and small to mid-sized customers didn't feel it.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, George. I think that the reason it's become relevant now is because if -- I mean, we really unloaded our backlog in the last six months. I mean -- and it was billions of dollars more than what we would normally ship to customers during that time period. So they -- I think it's just -- and we know that the cloud providers, as an example, had been buying ahead and they had been doing it for sure to your point. And all along, we have very sequenced purchasing cycles with those players. So we kind of know when they are going to start placing their next orders. I think on the enterprise, we're talking about the top 200 customers, right. These are the big customers who actually -- if they're doing a refresh of their infrastructure, they might order 400, 500 switches, as an example. Or they may be doing a branch rollout. And in some cases, to your point, it could be sitting with them or they could have a partner who's doing the staging, and the partner may be backed up with resources to try to get the staging done. So it varies, but it could be a -- either one of those or a combination of both.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thank you, Sami, and welcome again. Listen, we're proud of the team for the performance in Q1. Obviously, a very solid quarter with the exception of this demand issue that we talked about. We'll always try to be transparent with you and share with you exactly what we're seeing. We know what's going on. We're on top of it, and we do feel that it's temporary. At the same time, we're very confident in our opportunities long term. We're confident in the AI opportunity. We're very encouraged by our improving position in security, observability. And we're also very encouraged by the opportunities that will come with the Splunk acquisition. I think many of you know that on Monday night, the waiting period for review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act in the U.S. expired, meaning that we've effectively pass the antitrust review period in the United States. We're excited about that. At our Partner Summit last night -- or last week, the feedback on our portfolio right now was probably as good as it's been in a long time. And I also just want to reiterate our commitment to delivering value to you and our shareholders with the operating leverage, capital allocation and obviously managing our expenses in times when we see challenges like we have right now. So thank you for joining us today, and I'll turn it back over to Sami.
Scott Herren: Yes. Yes, David, we did say that. I do. We are expecting sequential improvement in the second half of the year in both Q3 and in Q4. And in both -- and again, we don't guide this, but in both orders and revenue as you'd expect. Backlog is normalized at this point. We knew that would happen in the first half. I think supply chain team did a great job getting those orders in the hands of our customers. We would now need them to implement them, but we've got the orders in the hands of our customers. So we do see sequential increases. And as you said, as you noted from a bookings standpoint, our order standpoint, the second half has easier compare points. Obviously, the reverse is true on revenue and the second half revenue will have very difficult compare points than last year.
Scott Herren: Yes. To your second question, it is just based on how the revenues are flowing through the second half of the year. I think gross margins, we've said will settle in somewhere in this 65% to 66% range. I think at this point, it looks like it will be closer to the higher end of that range for the second part of the year. So that's the way I see the year flowing out. Remind me, Matt, what was the first part of your question.
Scott Herren: Yes, right. I think, we expect -- I certainly would expect service provider to continue to be difficult through the second-half of the year. Within service provider, we've got both telco and cable, which has one set of market dynamics going on. I think that will be -- continue to be a difficult space. On the other side, we have web scale, and we do see the web scale orders while they've got also inventory to work their way through. We do see line of sight to them beginning to increase their orders again in the second half of the year. So, SP is a bit of a mixed bag, but I think it will continue to have probably the greater impact.
Scott Herren: And George, just to put some data to that. And you have this data, but I'll repeat it. Our revenue growth, obviously, the quarter we're announcing now, product revenue growth was 9%. But if you go back to Q4, product revenue growth was 20%. And in Q3, it was 17%. So obviously, we get revenue when we can complete a shipment and get it out the door. It gives you a sense of just how much has been pushed out and as Chuck said in the last two or three quarters.
Scott Herren: Yes. Michael, I think I touched on this earlier in the -- as the question came up. I think the way to think about it is, first of all, if you're trying to generalize the trend more broadly across the industry, it may be a little difficult because we've cleared our backlog, I think, significantly faster than others have. But where we saw a differentiation was less between big data center infrastructure and campus networking and more between networking and wireless. We did see -- because we've shipped an enormous amount of wireless access points out. We did see that take a little bit more of an impact just because it's -- our customers are sitting on more inventory on hand of that, that they're looking to get installed.
