Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Sam. Welcome everyone to Cisco's fourth quarter fiscal 2016 quarterly earnings conference call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides including supplemental information will be available on our Web site in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the financial information section of our Investor Relations Web site. Throughout this conference call we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements including the guidance we will be providing for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. As a reminder in Q2, on November 20th, we completed the sale of the customer premises equipment portion of our SP Video connected devices business and accordingly had no revenue or expense from that business in Q4 fiscal 2016. As such, all of the revenue, non-GAAP, product orders and backlog information we will be discussing is normalized to exclude the SP Video, CPE business from our historical results. We have provided historical financial information for the SP Video CPE business in the slides that accompany this call and on our Web site to help to understand these impacts. As a reminder, the guidance we provided during our Q3 earnings call and today's call has been normalized in the same way. So with that, I'll go ahead and turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Chuck. Sam, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. And while Sam is doing that I would like to remind the audience that we ask you to please ask one question.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly call which will reflect our fiscal year 2017 first quarter results will be on Wednesday, November 16, 2016, at 1:30 PM Pacific time, 4:30 PM Eastern time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact any member of the Cisco Investor Relations department and we thank you very much for joining today's call.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Kelly. To wrap up, I want to summarize our priorities as we head into the year ahead and why I'm confident about our opportunities. First, we expect to continue to execute against our strategic priorities and drive profitability regardless of the market conditions. We are committed to making the necessary decisions to drive our future growth and that of our customers and our partners. Second, we believe we will transition more of our revenues to a software and subscription based model and accelerate our shift across our portfolio. Third, we remain committed to increasing our pace of innovation that will help our customers succeed. Lastly, we will continue to execute on our long-term strategy to create even greater value for our customers and shareholders while positioning Cisco for long-term success. Marilyn, I'll turn it back over to you for questions.
Chuck Robbins: Absolutely, Ittai. Thank you very much. So on the UCS front, we talked about a couple of things. There's an overall sort of macro demand issue in that space. I think the overall blade market has been somewhat benign. But we've also had -- we've also experienced, as we talked about, a transition to rack and our teams have been working on subsequent innovation across both the blade and the rack business, as well as the introduction of the HyperFlex system. So we have -- I believe the team has a real clear plan. They've got innovation priorities outlined across all of those platforms. And we'll be executing that over the next few quarters. So, Kelly and I actually reviewed this just a couple of days ago. So I feel good about the leadership there. I feel good about their plan and now it's about execution. Kelly, any -- on the Tetration front, let me give you a little color and then Kelly you can talk about how we're going to report it. So, Tetration is -- we announced it in Q4. We're generally beginning order ability I think sometime around now. It is a combination of premise based hardware with subscription software. And so we're just very much in the early days. We have taken a couple of orders from customers. I will tell you that the general feedback from our customers is that it solves a problem that they've had for a very long time that nothing else has solved. So again, we've got that offer ready to go in a combination of premise based and subscription based solution and it is just being turned off from order ability perspective.
Chuck Robbins: The only other comment I'd make is that when we look at our success relative to subscription and software businesses, we have the product deferred revenue that's associated with software and subscriptions that we said was up 33%. We also have another category of total contract value that we have not recognized revenue on yet that we will be billing customers on, on a monthly basis going forward that we track both those numbers. The second one doesn't show up on our balance sheet yet. If you look at those two combined, which is really reflective of our progress here, that number was actually up 43% over the same period a year ago, just to share one more data point there.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. And just on the only thing to add to that, again, we base it on what we see and again, we did see the additional slowdown in SP and emerging. That makes us a bit cautious. On the margins, Steve, we're going to be driving as much as we can in those margins and we'll be working that. But as of right now, this is what we see.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Jim. I'll tell you after the first year in this job, I know for a fact that every month there are you new things that we face and the good news is we tend to execute well and we deal with those. As it relates to -- first off, let me just say, in the EMEA business the decline there was largely attributed to service providers. So I just want to make that clear. We would not suggest that the broad-based shift in the EMEA results was solely dependent upon Brexit. What we saw from a Brexit perspective is exactly what you would expect. In the U.K. proper, we saw customers pause. We saw them just kind of slow a bit because they're uncertain. And we also saw the impact of the currency devaluation which you would expect. But we remain very committed there. We think we'll work through this. But those are the real impacts.
Chuck Robbins: So, on the Ericsson front, I'll tell you that the partnership continues to move forward and there was really no correlation or discussion of the Ericsson partnership as it related to the decision on restructuring. We think that, again, the original benefits that we saw with that partnership with their global scale for services, their OSS capabilities, their radio expertise combined with our IP expertise and data center and security and other capabilities as well as the enterprise and IoT were really the drivers there. So, we see that continuing. As it relates to the cloud impact, I think when we look at sort of next generation data center build out in the private cloud, we look at our ACI portfolio and we saw a $2.3 billion annualized business that grew 36%. So we feel like customers continue to move towards a hybrid cloud environment. The orchestration capability that we talked about with cloud center, which is from the CliQr acquisition, combined with the knowledge that we're going to be able to provide the customers through Tetration. So think about Tetration providing analytics about what's going on, CliQr and ACI then being able to deploy policy and move workloads between public and private cloud and that's what we think customers are going to look for and we think we're in a pretty good spot there.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks Jeff. So, on the WebSkill players, what we reported in the last couple of quarters was our -- our top ten WebSkill customers and that business was up 2% this quarter. But, it is a -- when you have 10 customers in sort of a reporting segment like that, it's highly dependent upon ordering cycle. So, I'm not concerned about our relevance or anything relative to that. On the switching business, I think it's important to understand a couple of things, number one, your question relative to the ASI portfolio and has it exceeded the traditional portfolio, I think we -- the answer to that is, yes. And our orders there were, I think grew in the data center switching business where up mid-single digits.
Chuck Robbins: On the revenue side. And so, that transition continues to go well and we see customers that are investing in new cloud-ready architectures are choosing the ASI platforms which is shown in the results. When you look at our overall switching portfolio, it's just important to understand the math on what percentage of what business is still attributed to our campus portfolio and as we said, anytime we have these macro -- these environments where customers have any level of uncertainty that tends to an area that they will continue to sweat, if they can. And our job over the next several quarters is to drive innovation in that portfolio, integrate security more tightly. And again, focus on orchestration policy and helping our customers lower their costs and that's what we are trying to do.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Simon, thanks for the question. So, when I think about routing, I actually think about it in several different ways. Number one, you got SP traditional portfolio with edge access and core, which we discussed earlier which is largely just a consumption driven cycle that we go through. In the enterprise space, we have this transition to software defined wide area networking, which we are very well positioning right now with our IWAN portfolio and we are actually working on -- a key differentiator for us which I think is -- as our teams have built out the ability to really drive the next generation secure edge with our cloud security capabilities, the combination of dynamically provisioning those branch solutions with the ability to have robust cloud security and edge security is going to be a real differentiator for us. So we see that being another opportunity for us going forward in the routing space. And then, finally, when we talk about the security and the security driven refresh of our core, in Q4, we actually had a couple of customers, I talked earlier in the opening comments about stealth watch learning networks, which is effectively a machine learning algorithm that runs at the edge of the network in the branch. And it actually does machine learning and a little of AI to determine normalcy for customers, and then, flag for them, when they see abnormal behavior going on. And we saw a couple of customers that actually made the decision to do a branch router refresh based on that capability, which we just launched in July. So we believe that there is innovation that we can bring that will lead us to a refresh opportunity in the core and we think that's largely going to be driven around security. And we are seeing some real early examples. We need to see how it plays out. But, we are seeing some early examples there.
Kelly Kramer: Right now since it is in the data center solution, it will be in data center switching. We expand that portfolio across we can be really able to give.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. So I'll start and Chuck you can jump in. But, to your first question, the portion of our business that is recurring revenue is up to 28%. And that compares to a 25% in Q4 of 2015. So we made really solid progress this year. In terms of the margins, this has been a huge focus for us all quarter long and it is really great to see that we actually had our margins -- gross margins and operating margins up year-over-year for us this year. Its part of what we're driving with our shift to software. Those businesses have great margins and its part of the overall transition. In terms of when do we change our model or our guidance, I think that will come over time as we make bigger shifts at the company level. But that is our goal as we shift to more software that have those nice, great margins.
Kelly Kramer: No. I think you said it well. We are investing in basically every business unit we have, right. So we're investing in the core in key areas. We're looking for those pockets of where the growth is, whether it's in core routing and switching or security and collaboration. So we're being very smart about where we're putting our money and that's how we're looking at this.
Kelly Kramer: Yes, James. You're correct in that. Over 50% of our routing business comes from service providers. So there's a direct correlation there. And I think if you look at the discussions that have taken place with our peers, you look at some of the analyst reports on SP CapEx, we actually saw exactly what the analysts have talked about. I saw one report that discussed double-digit declines outside of the United States and maybe flat to slightly up inside the U.S., which is effectively what we saw from a demand perspective. So it was very much in line with that. As far as what we see going forward, look, we certainly don't expect that these networks over time, that the traffic will decline. So I think it's a matter of timing. The video loads on the networks continue to increase. So we would think about it the same way you do, but we also know that in uncertain times that customers' tend to sweat assets as long as they possibly can.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. So I'll take that. So on the gross margins, we do have seasonality of when different mix of our products are bigger. For example, data center and services are bigger in Q2 and Q4. So, you can see that normal seasonality in there. As I said to the earlier question, I think from an overall perspective we feel great about our gross margins. We are being smart about the tradeoff on top line and bottom line. And the teams continue to do great work in terms of driving productivity and costs out of the products that allow us to do that. From a pricing perspective, our price -- ASP price erosion that we saw in Q4 was basically in line with what we saw in Q3. Actually, 20 basis points better. So we're still in that same range. We're not seeing any change there. In terms of acquisition revenue, we don't typically disclose that but I can tell you it was roughly less than a point.
Kelly Kramer: Yes. I think that's a great question Jayson. If you back to -- I think that was back in June of 2015 with our last financial analyst conference. They have changed quite a bit. Our transition has accelerated with -- that we have been accelerating. And I would say the other major change from that long-term guidance was certainly our expectation the data center business in that market has changed. So, I would say, there is no long-term model change per se right now. But, we are in the process of planning an analyst conference hopefully at the end of the calendar year here. And we will update that. But, I would say those are the two major assumption changes since we did that.
