Melissa Selcher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 96th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, and I am joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides on our website in the Investor Relations section. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, and cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both, GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-on-year basis unless stated otherwise. I will now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Thank you, John. We will now open the floor to Q&A. We still request that sell side analysts, please ask only one question. Operator, please open the floor to questions.
Melissa Selcher: All right, so I think that that's going to conclude our call. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY'14 third quarter results, will be on Wednesday, May 14, 2014 at 1:30 PM Pacific, 4:30 PM Eastern. Again I would like to remind you that in light of Reg FD, Cisco plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the investor relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
Frank Calderoni: Thank you, John. In Q2 FY '14, our business performed as we expected. We continue to manage through the transitions in our business and challenges we outlined in our last earnings call. From a top and bottom line perspective, total revenue was $11.2 billion, down 8%, non-GAAP net income was $2.5 billion and non-GAAP EPS was $0.47 per share down 8% year-on-year. Our GAAP net income was $1.4 billion and GAAP earnings per share on a fully diluted basis were $0.27. Product revenue declined 11% and service revenue increased 3% with product book-to-billed greater than one. Overall non-GAAP operating margin was 27.8%. In Q2 our total non-GAAP gross margin was 61.3% within our expectations of 61% to 62%. Non-GAAP product gross margin was 58.8%. As our overall volume of business was down this quarter, it negatively impacted our non-GAAP product gross margins in several ways. First, we have less leverage in our cost structure. We did not get the full benefit of cost efficiencies at the lower volumes. Second, as our volumes in higher margin core products were lower, we saw an unfavorable mix impact toward lower margin products such as SP video and servers. Third, while the impact from pricing was consistent with prior quarters, it was at the higher end of the historical range in Q2. As we improve business volume, we expect it will balance the drivers of our product gross margins. Our non-operating expenses were $3.7 billion or 33.5% as a percentage of revenue that's compared to 34.1% in Q2 of FY'13. Our headcount decreased by approximately 1,000 from the end of the fiscal year to 74,065. Our expenses benefited from reduced variable compensation expense as a result of our lower financial performance and efficiencies associated with our recent workforce rebalancing. GAAP net income for the second quarter fiscal 2014, included a pretax charge of $655 million related to the expected cost of remediation of issues with memory components in certain products sold in prior fiscal years. The charges related to the expected remediation cost for certain products containing memory components manufactured by a single supplier between 2005 and 2010. These components have been determined to have the potential to sell due to a design or manufacturing defect. These are widely used across the industry and are included in the number of Cisco's products. Although the majority of these products are beyond Cisco's warranty terms and the failure rates are low, Cisco is proactively working with customers on mitigation. This results in a charge to product cost of sales during the second quarter fiscal 2014. This charge has been excluded from non-GAAP results as Cisco does not believe is a reflective of ongoing business and operating results. Total cash, cash equivalents and investments were $47.1 billion, including $3.3 billion available in the U.S. at the end of the quarter. We generated operating cash flows of $2.9 billion during the quarter. We continue to drive our capital allocation strategy. As you recall, in Q4 FY'12, we committed to return a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow annually through dividends and share repurchases. In FY'13, we returned over 50% of free cash flow and I am pleased that in the first half of FY'14, we have returned in excess of the 150% of free cash flow to our shareholders comprised of $6 billion of share repurchases and $1.8 billion a dividend. In Q2, we returned $4.9 billion to shareholders, a quarterly record for Cisco. This included $4 billion to share repurchase and approximately $900 million through our quarterly dividend. Our diluted share count decreased by approximately 100 million shares, driven by these repurchases. We expect the remaining impact of the Q2 share repurchase to further reduce share count next quarter. In addition, today, our board approved an increase of $0.02 to the quarterly dividend to $0.19 per share an approximate 12% increase, representing a yield of approximately 3.3%. This dividend increase, combined with the anticipated share repurchases in the second half of the fiscal year, would comfortably exceed a return of over 100% for the full fiscal year of our free cash flow. In Q3, we anticipate incurring additional debt to refinance our maturing bonds and enhance our domestic cash balances to support our ongoing commitment of returning cash to shareholders. John, I would turn it back over you.
Frank Calderoni: Jess, as I mentioned, we came in at 61.3% within the range of 61% to 62%, and provided the guidance in the range of 61% to 62% for the next quarter and saying it's at the low-end of that range, primarily in Q2 as well as Q3, the issue is volumes, so to answer your question and that's driving both, most of the cost as well as the mix that I talked about, so as volume does improve that gives us the ability to also improve the gross margin. When I think about it from a long range perspective, we talked about 61% to 62% for some period of time as volume improved and we get into a more growth scenario from a topline perspective that enables us to be at the high end of that range or even above that range.
Frank Calderoni: As you look at it, let's go to the data center and let's go to switching. If you watch and you see the Nexus 9000, as an example, our product pipeline is up to 522 customers. That's almost a 2.9% increase quarter-over-quarter. Our win rate is extremely good versus traditional players and new challengers. You will see us over the next four to five quarters go by, some of the early startups in this area and if you look at the transition I think you watch our orders in Q4 and Q1 in this area and we are going to follow a path very similar to what we did in UCS. A similar game plan that this team has done so many times before from a technology perspective. We will put in place our steps in terms of how we identify the top customers, how we get the close rate, how we amp the volume and at the same time tie that to what we do in the Nexus 7000 and below in terms of the data center. In terms of the routing, the routers are a little bit longer sales cycles. As you know when you put these routers that has such tremendous capability and function where you can really transfer the whole Library of Congress in a second or the Netflix library in a second, you basically are talking about tremendously powerful capabilities with the NCS and the CRS-X. That will take a little bit longer. I would watch our franchise wins in Q3 and then you should begin to see orders pickup in Q4 and Q1 on those. A little bit longer sales cycles in terms of implementation.
Frank Calderoni: Paul, great question. It allows me to expand a little, bit it's purely a volume issue. If you look at cost, you look at mix, you look at pricing et cetera, those to come together. Volume is what is driving each of the areas. The area that you are being very general with me on as you are saying all right John if you see an unusual things and switching is that going to surprise. Even within the switching segment our gross margins are remarkably stable even with lower volume, so we are not seeing anything unusual in the switching at all. We are very, very competitive and as we mentioned before, Paul, these new products which were just now begin to get out and enhancing the effects on gross margins are all coming in gross margins that are very typical of our high-end gross margin. That a much better job than ever done when high-end products, where usually you bring them out in the low 50s and over literally almost 2 years bring it back up to more traditional margins, so I feel good with that, so it's volume and volume ties to what the cost, what the mix and what you see overall in terms of pricing in the field. Pricing the field is a little bit up versus what we seen before, but with well within the range of what we see, a point plus or minus or half point.
Frank Calderoni: As far as the gross margin, just to reiterate, so as far as the guidance that we gave last quarter 61% to 62%. That said, we came in at 61.3%. So we did assume the lower volume when we gave guidance and then also assuming the lower volume for Q3 in the guidance that we just gave for the coming quarter. As far as the volume and the cost impact, so when you take your volume down we have a fixed base within a manufacturing organization, things like logistics center, things like the data center that supports WebEx and things like that. When you have lower volumes, you are spreading that fixed base over those lower volumes and therefore you don't get some of the magnitude of cost-benefit that we have seen in prior quarters. So some of initiatives that we are driving like value engineering will continue to drive those. We don't see the full impact when the volumes are down because it's offset by the fixed cost piece of it. So as I said before, if the volume improve back to, let's say, normal levels then you can definitely start to realize those deficiencies from a cost and then also from a mix standpoint as the volumes improve in switching and routing, that was one that basically had the most cell sales on a quarter-on-quarter basis which tend to have higher margin that's going to overall affect the mix in a positive direction. So we are having those impacts in periods when the volumes are lower and as the volumes improve they should be offset.
Frank Calderoni: The diluted share count, the average diluted share count at the end of the quarter was about approximately 5,300. As I said, it came down by approximately $100 million quarter-on-quarter related to the buyback that we did $4 billion of the buyback that we did in this past quarter. I also noted that when you do the buybacks over a period of time, depending on the timing you won't get the full impact of the reduced share count. It takes another quarter, so we will see further reductions this coming quarter and would have other additional buyback and we do in Q3 and Q4 will then reduce it even further. It also has offset any increase to the share count related to options and RSUs and SPV the normal increased, so we have offset that and then reduced through the buyback and our objective as we said over to the period of time is to manage share count down over the next couple of quarters and over the next several years in order to help improve the return to shareholders.
Frank Calderoni: First part of that is, roughly 80% and that the combination of technical support services as well as advanced subscription services those, contractors are normally one to three years and you book them and then you deal that revenue out over on equal basis over whether it's 12 monthly or 36 months, so as the product revenue and bookings have ramped down over the last several quarters, there is no new attach to that on either TS or AS. On the business that is not what subscription the advanced services that are more advanced engineering and capabilities around support services that our project oriented when people aren't building out new networks or were not deploying large deployments then that business also comes down and that has come down fairly significantly as well over the last several quarters. We are ramping up in the areas that John mentioned around smart services, the analytics around that, as well as remote managed services, some large wins there. We are really doubling down on our capability there. And then we have also shifted and brought together, we are building out a very architecturally oriented with technology people as well consulting services and then security and we have already delivered some of that. Those are ramping up and that's why we have this gap here. You will find us being less dependent on product as we go forward and you will see us continue to manage that business extremely well through automation and things that will allow us to drive the margins we do.
John Chambers: Frank, thank you very much. Managing transitions has been a core foundation of our success for nearly 30 years. The Internet of Everything is the biggest market opportunity ahead encompassing every technology trend in the market today. In recent months the Internet of Everything has become the center of most every conversation with CEOs, industry and country leaders. 2014 will be the inflection point for the Internet of Everything. The level the excitement we see in the conversations were having today and with customers about the next wave of the Internet, reminds me of the mid-1990s. At that time, we saw the Internet and e-commerce moving from just a tech thing to something that did impact every industry. Like customers did when the Internet and e-commerce were becoming mainstream, customers are turning to Cisco as a trusted partner today to capitalize on the opportunity and minimize the risk in their business as they move into the Internet of Everything. As we saw in the e-commerce day, there is a light between thought leadership and mainstream adoption and we still are only in the beginning stages. We are seeing tangible early traction, for example, in our top 50 targeted accounts with over $2 billion opportunity for Cisco. We are managing the transitions in our portfolio today and building for the Internet of Everything for tomorrow. This is how I am looking and evaluating our progress. First, our willingness to change and disrupt. You heard me say for at least two years, the pace of change has become exponential. Multiple transitions are occurring at the same time requiring Cisco to transform on multiple fronts faster than we have done before. Our scale, customer relationships and number one market position in most of our targeted categories gives us a huge advantage as we deliver a new model for IT. The next generation of network will collapse the OSI stack from seven layers to three, bringing applications, networking and security together at scale. This will not only happen in the data center as we are seeing today but across the campus, access and into the cloud. Second, customer traction. We don't get to decide whether or not we will emerge as the number one IT company. Our customers do. What we do get to decide is how we continue to deliver the value to our customers to retain the market leading position. This will be done by selling business outcomes enabled by architectures. I look closely at how we are engaging with customers and moving from technology provider to a trusted business partner. Whether it is the $3 billion of value creative in the city of Barcelona through connected and intelligent infrastructure or the first digital country Israel or several major retailers basing the networks on Cisco in order to prepare for the Internet of Everything, our customers are coming to us to capitalize on the opportunity. Third, operational excellence and disciplined cost management. We managed non-GAAP operating expenses very well this quarter, decreasing 9% as we focus on cost management and productivity. This execution shows we are able to focus on cost as we transition the business. We continue to focus on operating as an efficient organization while at the same time making the right investments to drive long-term growth. Fourth, creating shareholder value. As we execute our strategy to become the number one IT company, we have also committed to returning at least 50% of cash flow annually to our shareholders. As Frank said earlier, we will comfortably exceed the amount for the balance of the fiscal year. When our operating results have been impacted by a challenging macro environment in the emerging markets along with choices we are making to transform the company, we demonstrated that our confidence in the future and our support for shareholders by materially increasing our capital return as we did last quarter. We continue this focus on shareholder value with the $4 billion share repurchase this quarter and the dividend increase we announced today. Change has always been good for Cisco and our track record for transforming ourselves, both as a company and as leaders, is unparalleled. We are as close to our customers and partners as ever. We understand their challenges and where they need us to be there, and we are using this position to build the products, solutions and platforms to meet the demands of the market. This to me, has always been the key leading indicator of future success and financial results, and gives me confidence that we will emerge as the number one IT company. Mel, let me turn it over to you.
John Chambers: Okay. Frank, I am going to have you handle the second part. The first part, there was nothing abnormal about this quarter's pricing trends at all. No abnormality in terms of competitors we saw, new or existing models or new startups. The field is going to go after key wins and opportunities to capture major franchises and key strategic beginning of architectural plays. I think it's good as we begin to drive for growth. In terms of timing what we said traditionally in terms of the growth, you watch our order improvements, you watch our steady progress each quarter, which I think we have done up to this point in time and are going to do it again this next quarter and you will see as we come through these product transitions at the high end routing and switching, and as you see us began to grow our service provider strategy more together, you will see these turns up in Q4 and Q1 and Q2 in terms of momentum from an order perspective. Frank, I am going to switch it over to you in terms of gross margin comments.
John Chambers: When you rethink about it, Jess, we have control over our pricing, our expenses and gross margins and we are managing these as levers. As volumes come back as Frank said, and I believe very firmly they will, you will see the gross margins improve as well, but reminding everybody for the last couple years, I have been saying gross margins will be in the 61% to 62% range and plus or minus 1% or 2%, and I think the last time we said very openly was impact in 2012.
John Chambers: First, the answer is no. If you are a single product company in today's market, you are going to have a real tough time competing against a number of different competitors, and differentiating yourself. We saw these trends coming and we have articulated for four, five years the importance of architectures where you combine products that combine '13 products that are number one in their field, four products that are number two in terms of market share and two product areas that are number three. You combine these into architectures with services and partners that very quickly bring you to solutions and dramatic differentiation and that is what you are seeing them play very strongly in the U.S. commercial and U.S. enterprise as proof points. The second part of your question in terms of service provider, we basically are again going with an architectural approach. We are literally saying how do you influence the key issues that are most important to the service provider from mobility to video, to cloud, to speed of services delivery, so reducing OpEx and CapEx and say how you approach these with an architectural approach. So I think this will be an industry where architectures will win and I think we are very well positioned versus our key traditional IT players and future challenges.
John Chambers: Okay. First on the data center, the answer would be no. If you watch the rate at which our orders come in. As I said in the script, the order rate was in the mid-30s and this is more of the time and the shipments, book to billed across most of our product lines you can do the math quickly as I can, all of them were in good shape in terms of book-to-bill. We clearly built backlog in many of the categories and I would be very surprised if you don't see the numbers up in the 30% range this next quarter with all the appropriate caveats. That momentum feels good. We are very, very well positioned versus competition. On the wireless side of the house, there were areas such as Meraki that was just very, very good for you going with solutions and position it. Some of the other wireless decisions on very large service provider decisions are long sales cycle such as the Small Cell SP WiFi etcetera on it and I think you are going to see as we brought out some additional product functionality that just came out with our wireless LAN capability, Rob, you will see the orders in that category that backup as we look out over the next couple quarters. On the data center, we are going to win that one and I think you see tremendous position of momentum there and we have no fear there. That really feels good. Then in terms of wireless, there are couple of areas that we need to pick momentum back on. Rob, I think we know what we want to do on that. You talk to that group the other day, I think.
John Chambers: Very simple, if we were seeing major pricing pressures, we would just tell you. The switching is the prime example where even in the product transition time period, the margins are remarkably stable on that. So we control the pricing, we control the expenses, control the gross margins and we think we are positioned very well versus the changes in competition at this time.
John Chambers: You so many questions, I can even write them down quick enough. Let me stop right now quickly and see if we go through it. I am going to take the take the linearity question. The quarter was very linear, no surprise on that at all, and played out much in the range that we do with the first month being a little bit average and 25%, let's say, let's say second a little bit more in third month in the 40% to 45% range depend on which quarter you are in? This quarter was very, very, much in line with what we traditionally see Q2s, I want to say so that nobody understands this. We exit the quarter with the best booking backlog in terms of weeks that that was in 10 years in Q2, so the number of weeks of backlog we had was very solid coming out of the quarter. Frank, I will give you a minute to look up to share count.
John Chambers: Yes. Frank and I always provide a good balance. We are going to be aggressive in the market. You are going to see us well above our 50% free cash flow, buyback and we have continued to be opportunistic there as much as we were in the first six months of this year. Gary, in terms of services, let me break the question in three pieces. First, how much services is actually tied to the product side of the house? Maybe a real quick discussion the technical services versus advanced services and advanced services and that advanced services however going to move more outcome-based. Two minutes.
John Chambers: So two real quick thoughts, because I think unifying services really make a difference in our future. Gary and I have given us the challenge to move 50% of these event services to outcome-based capabilities. That's only about 20% today. Very important in the transition. If you look at the Internet of Everything, surely the consultancy piece over the next several years is a $1 trillion market that we can address. So you begin to look at us looking at this is a major new revenue scenario most of consultancy services but more important point through our own whole product architectures. Once again going back, there is a reason that so many people fail with Internet of Everything they do in cities. They do it one step at a time. It is complex. It has got to be able to scale. It has got to have the architectures all come in together. It has got to be mobile. It has got to be data center. It has got to be analytics at the edge. It has got to be secure. It has got to be collaborative. And you have to have a game plan to bring these customers together and just using cities or countries as an example when you bring them together with these architectures that's why you win. That's why you see a digital Israel where really our business grows in the high-teens year-after-year because of what we have done together there.
John Chambers: Sure. Just repeating some the same things and expanding on them. The quarter played out on this exactly as we expected in terms of the three areas that were challenged. And in those challenging areas from a revenue perspective using high-end routing switches as an example, they were down in double digits, bookings were down in the -minus 5% and minus 6% respectively. The emerging countries were better this quarter than last quarter but way too early to call a trend and I don't want anyone to take away, we are basing our estimate on this next quarter with no improvement in terms of the current economic scenarios or what we are seeing with inconsistencies in emerging countries in terms of the direction. The product orders were down 4% in the direction and as we alluded to earlier, there were several areas that we felt very, very good about in terms of security and the data center progress that we made. The reoccurring revenue, that's about 1% delta that we would have had if we had recognized this in traditional ways. It just increased from the last quarter to this quarter. So I feel very good about where we are now. I think the transitions are working. We are playing about. We gave guidance for this next quarter. Last quarter was 8% to 10%. We said this quarter 6% to 8% and you are going to see us just move this market right along through the transitions and returned to positive growth one quarter at a time. So I feel a lot better where we are now versus where we were a quarter ago. I don't know if you want to add anything to that, Frank.
John Chambers: Let me think about that for the second to put my thoughts. Okay. I think, we have got four or five major product categories using your words in play at the present time. We have the explosion and remember, when we entered the data center saying we are going to bring together the network with server technology with storage which has really been a huge part of our growth and positioned us very well in the data center from the CIOs perspective as well and that's playing out extremely well. We talked about application-centric infrastructure. Remember just for four months ago, when everybody really got what we are doing with this and how you are going to have intelligence throughout your entire network and what we are doing with both, applications and the network in the infrastructure and the ability to do north bound and south bound API. I mean, that is a huge product category for us in terms of direction. Then as you pull together the Internet of Everything, and we have been on this for six years. Heavy lifting a year ago, if I had to buy somebody a drink for me to talk very long about the topic. Now, they are offering to buy us dinner and they bring the board of directors here. It's that light switch went off in a very, very positive way with the CES the World Economic Forum and when Google bought Maps, it was a light switch that all of a sudden every consumer, player, manufacturer realized. Now, the size of those markets is $19 trillion. That's a profits potential. That doesn't count all the infrastructure underneath of it $1.5 trillion in retail alone $2.9 trillion in terms of manufacturing, so you could imagine the conversations that we are having with the leaders in that and we don't go in there selling them routers and switches. We sell outcomes and there is probably no better example than outcomes fail than what we did in Israel. The challenge for the top government leaders in Israel 18 months ago focus on job creation, focus on inclusion of minorities, focused on healthcare, education, innovation, the ability to move some of the cities to their south, security and do this in terms of support with all three major political parties from the top down and we did that together and 18 months and we have won every single major bid in total on that. You really began to think about the key takeaway here is the network is at the center of every transition you are seeing. Every one of it and it's going to be an intelligent network and we positioned ourselves very well to both, - again the new competitors coming at us piece meal and the old peers to who piece meal. If you are just a piece meal hardware player with a single product, you are going to really have a tough time as you go forward. I believe architectures win and I think the categories we outlined, if we execute well, we fuel this growth for the next decade. As we think we have plenty in terms of the opportunities in front of us and I want to careful we prioritize in the right way.
