Melissa Selcher: Thanks you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 92nd quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher and I am joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales; and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides on our website in the Investor Relations section. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. I will now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Absolutely, thanks John. We’ll now open the floor to Q&A. We still request the analysts please ask only one question. Operator please open the floor to questions.
Melissa Selcher: Great, thanks John. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our third quarter FY’13 will be on Wednesday May 15, 2013 at 1.30 Pacific, 4.30 p.m. Eastern. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
John T. Chambers: Mel, thank you very much. As we exit Q2 FY13, we continued to be pleased with the traction of our strategy, our value proposition to our customers and the execution of our company and our partners. We delivered another quarter of solid profitable growth with record revenue of 5% and record non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.51, up 9% year-over-year. In my recent conversations with global business and government leaders, the tone is cautious, optimism. I am not suggesting that optimism would translate and lead into immediate GDP growth. But there is a bleak, weaken move to a world driven by opportunity, not scarcity, and that technology will play a very large role in that opportunity. Cisco’s strategy delivering integrated architectures that address the top business opportunities and the biggest market transitions is differentiating us from our peers, and will help enable us to achieve our goal of becoming the number one IT Company in the world. As I translate these observations to this quarter, I have five key takeaways. First, our execution on our financial model is very solid, with record revenues, earnings per share, net income and non-GAAP operating income. Gross margins continue to be very stable, expenses are growing inline with revenue growth and operating margins are strong. Second, we continue to drive strong results in most of the key technology transitions. The transition such as datacenter, cloud, virtualization, mobility and video had very solid results in the quarter in what remains a challenging economic environment. We continue to invest in a market transitions that we believe will drive our next phase of growth. Notably, the Internet of Everything of everything and programmable networks where we continue to lead the market with our execution on our Cisco ONE portfolio. Third, our services business continued the solid growth in Q3 of 10%. Our services lead engagements and innovation together with our partners are driving our wallet and man share with customers. Fourth, we continue to see a soft global recovery with Europe and especially Southern Europe still on distress. On the positive side, we continue to see improvements in the U.S. Enterprise, and U.S. commercial orders, which we believe is likely an early indicator of future GDP growth. Finally, we generated operating cash of over $3 billion by returning almost $1.25 billion to shareholders this quarter with the dividend and the buyback. Over the last year and a half, we closed 14 acquisitions, totaling to approximately $7 billion with 13 of the 14 adding important software, cloud and recurring revenue assets across our portfolio. We remain very committed to our capital return strategy to drive the value to our shareholders. In summary, we believe that our Q2 results once again demonstrate that our vision and strategy are working. In simple terms, we did what we said we will do and what I think we will all agree as a challenging market. As we continue to deliver on the innovation, quality and leadership, our customers expect we are pleased with our execution. We are managing our portfolio and operations investing for the future and delivering the integrated architecture solutions to become our customers more strategic IT partner. To provide additional details on our Q2 FY ‘13 results, I’d like to turn the call over to Frank. I will then walk through what we’re seeing in the business and where we’re focusing going forward. Frank will detail our guidance and we’ll wrap up the call then with Q&A at the end. Frank, over to you.
John T. Chambers: Thank you Frank. Well done. As a reflect on Q2 FY ‘13, I am pleased with our execution as a company. We continue to deliver on our commitments to you, our shareholders, to our partners, and to our customers. Each of us as Cisco employees take pride in our record revenue with growth of 5%, non-GAAP gross margins of 62.3%, non-GAAP expense growth of 5%, $3.3 billion in cash from operations and 9% growth in non-GAAP earnings per share. Looking forward, most of the market trends are playing to our strengths and made our most important strategic investments. First in the data center, we are seeing our momentum translate into significantly increasing deal sizes and opportunities. Just as an example a major enterprise customer after they put in their pilot systems and are now moved into production, with $3 million with us in the data center in one year, and just 1.5 years later, $35 million was their run rate. UCS is becoming a preferred platform for business critical applications. One quick point is, what we have done with our partner, SAP and their using on the UCS platform, where scenarios that took days or run in seconds with 30% to 35% less cost. Second in mobility, we are seeing CapEx spend move rapidly from wireline to wireless or mobility. And Cisco has the only portfolio in the industry that brings together wireless LAN, mobile edge, mobile backhaul, small sale, and SP Wi-Fi to address the cloud and BYOD proliferations. Third on video; NDS is helping driving our business in the cloud, moving from set-top boxes to more valuable and profitable software and service offerings. And fourth, we are very well positioned to capitalize when accelerated growth returns in our top five emerging countries. We have built a strong foundation in these markets as we understand that in the long run the majority of the world's GDP and growth in our industry will come from these emerging countries. We manage our business as a portfolio and believe we are positioned very well to invest, innovate and balance risk with performance during any economic environment. This balance gives us a competitive advantage especially during times when markets are in transition or seeing slower growth. During these times some businesses were outperformed, this will move with the trend of the market, but we had the flexibility to invest for the long-term growth and help provide a competitive return to our shareholders. This is also an important differentiator in the manage of our customers and our partners. In our top global accounts, we are seeing the future play out as we expected. We are leading with services and integrated architectures to directly address the customer’s opportunities and as a result gaining mind share and new revenue opportunities. Our ability to deliver value to the integration of hardware, software, ASICs and services will continue to be a competitive advantage as the scaling complexity of traffic on the Internet grows. Looking out at the future transitions, three of the biggest opportunities for Cisco lie on first, our transition as a number one communication company to the number one IT company. We define again the number one IT company in terms of relevance and value to our customers, and therefore profitability for our shareholders. Second, our ability to drive the future programable networks really thinking about it in terms of application centric networks, enabling the network to power a new breed of these applications, dramatically increasing the value of the network claims. And third, what we are calling the Internet of Everything markets opportunity. Our ability to connect the 99% of the people process data and things not yet connected to drive new capabilities, richer experiences, and unprecedented our economic opportunities. Our focus is and will remain driving returns to our shareholders and value to our customers and employees, while we cannot control the broader political, and economic environments, we will continue to leverage our innovation engine, our disciplined focus and our customer centricity to drive our success. Now Mel, it’s all right. Let’s move on to question and answers.
John T. Chambers: Yes we can Amitabh, you sound very smart.Amitabh Passi – UBS Securities LLC:  John, I just want to ask you about a few of your segments or end markets in particular security collaboration, routing and even service provider video excluding India, I mean all these segments seem to be flatted on year-over-year. Just trying to understand better, is it simply function of demand, pricing you could just maybe shed some more color there.
John T. Chambers: Amitabh, you probably about six or seven questions, is there one specific area, that you would like to deal with whether it’s service providers or security or video. Amitabh Passi – UBS Securities LLC:  May be security if you can just tough on that.
John T. Chambers: Sure it’s a great one. If you watch our security business was just up 1%, in the areas where we still an architecture and let’ use the U.S. get accounts or the enterprise accounts or even commercial our security business grows well. But when we go through our partners on a global basis, it’s a much more complex film, so I think what you’re going to see is do over the next period of one to two years, as with our new leadership under Chris Young is doing a super job, we're going to move more and more to time this security pieces together in architectural approach, and as we moved away space list an area where there is security or video or collaboration, our general sales force Rob had to pick that up, and candidly we lost a little bit of momentum in the process. So in terms of security, I think it is a complex architecture of sales, we wanted to be, and I think you will see us improve on that over the next 1 to 2 years. Let me give you one more since you were so nice. On the service provider segment as a whole, our relationship with service providers are just excellent, it is just lumpy. And just to give you a war story, we had one order Rob, that you and I both call the local county come in on a Saturday at the end of Q1. If that said that had been booked on Monday, this quarter would have gone in single-digits instead the first quarter grew in mid-teens. Now think I might have misspoke on the call, Q1 a year ago actually through business by the way in terms of total bookings 13% in Q2 in fiscal year '12 business by about 7%. I might have said 17. So putting that into perspective those comments however made on service provider are referring to Q1 this year and Q2. We are really in good shape here and if you watch service providers spend and as you would expect I have talked to many of the top CEOs in our service provider customers more and more the dollars are moving to mobile, so our ability to combine fixed and mobile uniquely together is extremely strong and portfolio architecture time together is unbeatable. So I am comfortable with where we are, U.S. service provider I think will be very solid. I have a lot of confidence in Michael Glickman and the team there, and in terms of whether you are at AT&T or Verizon or Sprint, Comcast or Time Warner we never been stronger position than we are really tough our competitors loss accounts. Nice way of saying, we will get our fair share of skin plus.
John T. Chambers: Okay. Combination on it, let me get the second one, you get the first one Frank or you want to reverse them. 
John T. Chambers: Okay. I’ll get the second one. In terms of our growth, we’re completely committed to giving and back as our shoulders deserve over 50% of our cash generation. We want to see what happens in the tax regulations, and then candidly I don’t have a really disposition this. We’re going to turn to our shareholders and say what you want us to do? Do you want a share buyback or do you want it in terms of dividend. We clearly would not have started our dividend payments, if we didn’t over time anticipate them going longer, but I think we all want to see what happens to tax policy here and then as that becomes clear they might turn to our shareholders and ask you what you want us to do. In terms of the first question, Frank.
John T. Chambers: If you look at the overall market today and we are modeling for today, we obviously have our hash market share in government and space and U.S. Federal government. As you are aware and we do very well in Europe enterprise and if I’m remembering off the top of my head, Mel, I think Europe Enterprise was down 10% in terms of total enterprise business there. So Simona what we are saying is in this current market including the benefits when we get some really hot products, the Nexus plan with 10 gig and others was a good example which grew well over 20%, that does balance part of our traditional business. So we are modeling switching in the short term at flat, in terms of it. Now it doesn’t mean that one will be a year out, but for this quarter and next quarter, it’s going to be a little bit wavy and we’re just building our model, and our guidance assuming that will be flat. We do believe that as the market comes back at hovering starts to increase, as you begin to get more balance on a global basis, enterprise becomes more confident. We get federal governments around the world spending more then that will be an entirely different scenario in terms of switching volume.
John T. Chambers: Yes we can.Tal Liani – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. My question is, I think it’s the favorite topic for you. It’s more about the environment, the last two conference calls there was a feeling that there is – we’re coming out of a slow down than there is a hint of recovery and you mentioned few areas every quarters of things that might get better are getting better. This quarter, I look at numbers, the order numbers, and I look at their commentary, you seem to be a little bit more cautious with your commentary. How would you describe the environment? Are we seeing some hints of recovery, are we seeing the end of the kind of slowdown? Is this quarter was better than the previous quarter or was it – or did it turn down again this quarter. I am just trying to understand the environment across these subsectors? Thanks
John T. Chambers: I think the key takeaway tale is cautious optimistic.Tal Liani – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
John T. Chambers: I think mathematically you have to. And if you watch, the comps are easy as you said, but put it different way I think we’re down to a new normal, now we’re looking to growing off that level. So what Rob and I watched is particularly a sequential growth in terms of orders. As you would expect given this quarter in this conference call, Rob and I have gone not one level deep but probably about four levels deep with everyone of the key sales leaders in the road from India, to China to Latin America, to Middle East each of areas and our pipelines in all of them are slowly accelerating, not at the pace we want to see and clearly there will be some hits and some misses because sales teams by definition not only the order is lumpy but some will not hit their expectations, but I would say, overall the pipelines are looking good, we are clearly modeling order growth returning to positive growth on it. It doesn’t mean we’ll always be right, but it feels pretty good and I think our inspection, Rob, was pretty good when we exercised the team and confidence is pretty good.Sanjiv Wadhwani – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.:  That’s right.
John T. Chambers: Okay, sure. Frank will give you the detail on the gross margin first and I will make some general comments, go ahead on Europe and gross margin.
John T. Chambers: And what is interesting and again this is I think the discipline that Gary and Rob and Frank are bringing to the company, and all of us are participating in, is there is as much focus on profitable growth, as there is top line growth. And just repeating the theme and I am going to get into trouble here, Mel, so you’re going to have to look at the data. I answered this question, if I remember my data right our business in service provider, set-top boxes in Europe was off almost $100 million versus in a year earlier and it's because we passed on the deals that were non-profitable. And that clearly is an indication of making decisions on what is right financially and the strategic for you and if we can't establish our value and integrate architecturally within that area then we are not going to bid. And so I think you are seeing our whole company Gary, really focus on profitable the gross margins all is getting measured by the active gross margins everything from discount to how we build our products to, how we felt value to our, to how we sell architectures on it. So really it’s a tough environment, my hats off to Chris Dedicoat, I think he’s had done an amazingly good job in a tough environment really focused on profitable business and profitable growth and like I said, (inaudible) stay for sure, but some already signs in certain key geographies within Europe that’s beginning to turn. In terms of Japan, we got a world class team there and very good and our view is going to be the exact opposite. We are probably going to invest incrementally in Japan. Horizon there and to (inaudible) have done amazingly good job on this. We’ve got great partners in NTT and Softbank coming out of Japan, and the stronger Yen allows them (inaudible) two of our products. And as we go globally with them on selling architecture and products together, it allows us to sell lower products. I don’t think the strong yen will have much effect in our business. It all in Japan maybe the reverse, is that too simplicity.
John T. Chambers: But it’s probably one of the best examples of where we move from a capital provider to a product provider, to an architectural provider, to the most strategic business partner. We’re not the large number of competitors completely don’t have a single major franchise in Japan’s service provider. And we intend to be aggressive and go after the same thing in enterprise, where I think it satisfies growth as long as we’re getting the resources to go after.Rod B. Hall – JPMorgan Securities LLC: And John number there right, in EMEA set top box revenue.
John T. Chambers: Don’t count us.Rod B. Hall – JPMorgan Securities LLC: I’m not going to bet against you down 45% year-over-year.
John T. Chambers: So you began to realize when service provider numbers are down, it isn’t the question just down, we deliberately passed those type of numbers on to the service provider number making a material different and we are marking good business decisions on it, and I’m real proud of our team there, however for the Cisco people listening on the team look in computers, we want top line growth and profitability growth. and profitability growth and so we’re expecting each of the groups.
John T. Chambers: Okay. So Frank kick me whenever you want to take over on this one. If you watch seeing with the common theme, I think many of you were concerned in fair question two years ago about should we maintain our gross margins with the vast majority of the markets not a player, and you’re going to see rapid deterioration, it was the number one pressure on our stock margins. And if you watch what we have done is the reverse. We have gotten very good stability across the gross margin base, you are seeing this in that 61% to 62% guidance, it will go up and down by quarter based on the mix, but you are right we are clearly modeling in continuing good growth dramatically faster in our data center business, and remember UCS is also combined with Nexus. And it is a process I want to be careful but you see it is a little bit lower half of the business Nexus, is a little bit over a third, and when you model those two together you begin to get good gross margins and that's different than our peers. Secondly, and most of our peers when they install servers, they are selling commodity products. Have we re not selling commodity products. We get premiums, we get architectures, we get standardized on, we showed stronger margins there and yes your overall assumption is right, we are moving rapidly to software with A6 both of which get you better margins, 13 of the 14 acquisitions were software, cloud, recurring revenue streams and recurring revenue as one of your colleague said earlier, the good news about it is very predictable. The bad news is when you start from a low base, it takes you a while to get to size where it really becomes material for you, but it’s a nice way of saying I couldn’t be more pleased with the margin stability and well, it’s hard to look out very far in this industry, I like the stability we are seeing in and I see nothing that at the present time is making nervous on that.
John T. Chambers: Yeah, it’s one of the things I am most of proud of namely one IT player who is in the market with low barriers to entry, who for two decades has consistently commanded the gross margins we had. And this is some, we will try to doing and I am very proud of the team doing it and it doesn’t mean we are always capable of improving in certain areas and have to improve, but I think in a market with such low barriers to entry, our ability to maintain these gross margins, something we’re very proud off and service Gary, one of the best examples that. Next question please
Frank A. Calderoni: Thank you John. Let me now provide a few comments on our guidance for the third quarter fiscal year '13. Let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements and you should review our recent SEC filings that identify important risk factors and understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, and that actual results could be above or below our guidance. The guidance we are providing is on a Non-GAAP basis with reconciliation to GAAP. For Q3 FY '13 we expect revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 6% on a year-over-year basis. This assumes that our divestiture of Linksys product line which has been approximately 1% of our product revenue process made quarter and will no longer be contributing to our top line. For the third quarter we anticipate non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately in the range of 61% to 62%. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q3 is expected to be in the range of 26.5% to 27.5% and our non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be approximately 21% in the third quarter. Our Q3 FY 13 non-GAAP earnings-per-share is expected to range from $0.48 to $0.50 per share and we anticipate our GAAP earnings in Q3 will be $0.08-$0.11 per share lower than our non-GAAP EPS. We have modeled into our guidance cautious optimism assuming continued strength in US commercial and US enterprise, early signs of stability in parts of Europe, reacceleration in many of our top emerging countries continued execution in our growth markets and continued leadership with our service providers. We do see some risk with the political and economic landscape in the US, Europe and Asia, but we believe our momentum supports this tradition. We do encourage you to be conservative in your models this quarter and next. Other than those quantified items noted previously there were no other significant differences between our GAAP and our non- GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisition, asset impairments, restructuring and tax to other events which may or may not be significant. As a reminder Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done to an explicit public disclosure. Thank you. And John back to you.
Frank A. Calderoni: Mark as far as the guidance for Q3, I gave 46%, that 46% growth off of the base from Q3 of ’12, the other comments that I made as it relates to Linksys; Linksys is approximately 1% of revenue, so it’s kind of approximate slightly below $100 million. We are going to close that transaction most likely mid-quarter, and so we will not have mostly half more that revenue for the back half of the quarter. So we have to kind of take that into consideration in the guidance. So that guidance assumes that we are not including that additional revenue, so that will move out with the acquisition and the growth would be remaining at 46%.
Frank A. Calderoni: So Rod, you said Europe, so we had last quarter 53.3 going at 64.9. Primarily that improvement was a much stronger mix of products, and also getting back to the other question that was asked earlier, Ehud had a question similar on Americas. The opposite occurred in America, so gross margins went from 63.6 to 61.8. So we had a bit more in favorable mix, which was high growth in data center in the U.S., whereas in Europe and we had much more favorable comparisons, it was less of a say, SP video from quarter to quarter, and there was more favorability looking at the switching portfolio. So in both situations it would make but in different direction.
Frank A. Calderoni: No, John and I think we actually have done so well in winning market share across the service provider business, but we still have upside amongst those major Japanese enterprise accounts, that’s where we are focusing is, we all now Japan is now turning global. So we have an opportunity to those Japanese companies around the world.
Frank A. Calderoni: And trying to go back to what we cover back in December at the Financial Analyst Conference, we are talking about the long range model. Clearly, Tim I think you too laid out the opportunity from a gross margin standpoint clearly with a focus that we have in value engineering as well as to move to software services which will help margins and then on the other side, you have got the dynamics associated with datacenter as well as emerging market and then also at video when John kind of covers the SP video, so I think, yes I agree with John, we feel very comfortable with stability and that focus that we have in the company, but we are also kind of watching the balance as we look out the next several quarters, several years.
