Scott Herren: Yeah. Thanks, Sami. As we look at the forecast that we've given you for fiscal 2023, balance growth again, 4% to 6% growth on the top line, 4% to 6% growth on the bottom line. When you start to peel that back, of course, we don't guide at that level, what we have seen, as you'd expect, is, again, nice demand, as Chuck talked about on the call, through the end of the fourth quarter, but a little bit different by industry vertical. Retail, not surprisingly, under a little bit of pressure. Financial services under a little bit of pressure. Pretty much strength across most of the rest of the sector, a little bit of pressure in health care as well. So that's – as we roll into fiscal 2023, that's what we're seeing kind of vertical by vertical. We saw good double-digit growth sequentially, again, Q3 to Q4, because the year-on-year compares are quite difficult with that 31% growth we had a year ago, but good sequential growth, if you look at it by customer market in both enterprise, public sector and commercial. So again, seeing pretty balanced growth across the board and that's our expectation as we roll into fiscal 2023. On the gross margin question, we are getting a benefit from price. One of the things that we've talked about, though, is there's a lag between the price increases that we put in place and what we see actually showing up in reported revenues. And I know, you know, this from prior quarters, Sami, we saw some of that benefit in Q4, and you'll see this in our filings in our 10-Q – our 10-K filing for the end of the quarter. It's about 1%, up year-on-year gross margin driven by price and then, of course, the offset coming from higher cost, both component costs and freight and logistics.
Scott Herren: Yes, Rod, so there was not - to be clear on your question, there was no change in the way we report year-on-year. It's exactly the same. The only other thing that I would add, too, to the comments that Chuck just made, linearity in the quarter was quite strong. In fact, the last week of the quarter was actually the same size as it had been in the prior year and the month-to-month linearity was exactly in line with last year and with prior year's expectations. So we saw strength right through the end of Q4.
Scott Herren: Yes. What's sitting in inventory, Rod, is the rest of the parts that aren't under constraint, so that as the ones that are constrained free up, of course, we can square the set and get the product shipped out the door to our customers. So it is growing. It's up about $1 billion year-on-year, sitting at $2.5 billion. Our advanced payments are up as well. Both of those are a bit of a headwind to cash flows, as you saw. But yes, it's much more a statement of making sure we've got everything we need, so that as those constrained parts clear up, which we saw a little bit of that towards the end of Q4, we can square the sets and get it out the door and in the hands of our customers.
Scott Herren: Yes. So there's no added buyback in there. We've talked about our cap allocation policy. Our share buybacks have both a systemic component to it that's just offsetting the shares that we issued through our equity plans and an opportunistic component. On the -- what's our expectation on gross margin through the year. Of course, we don't guide that for the full year, Amit. But what I'd say is, my expectation is, as we go through the year and we can work through the backlog, we'll begin to ship out of that backlog more and more orders that actually reflect the price increases that we put in place last year. And as we do, of course, that will be a tailwind to margins throughout the year. So I would see margins going up as much as 50 basis points, between our first quarter guide and where we end the year.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Probably the only thing I'd add is as you look at that 4% to 6% growth that we've forecasted now for fiscal 2023, it is absolutely supply constrained. So while the supply situation we saw late in our fourth quarter that we just closed, there were some easing. Easing doesn't mean it's over. We're going to have supply constraints throughout fiscal 2023 and just a few areas were it not for those, we would be growing much more quickly. It's not a case of demand. We're not demand constrained. We were supply constrained in fiscal 2023.
Scott Herren: Yes. This -- I'll start, Chuck, and if you want to jump in, let's do that. From a component availability standpoint, Ittai, that's been the most fluid area of our forecast over the last several quarters. And as we look ahead, we did see signs of stability during Q4. And as I said, in the late in Q4 that we just closed, we actually saw some improvement. The way that improvement showed up was availability of some of the constrained parts that we have been chasing in the broker network. And obviously, when you buy from the broker network, you pay a premium for those. And you see that reflected in the gross margins. I think there'll still be some of that in Q1. You see that reflected in our gross margin guide in Q1. And then it gets better as the year goes on, not because -- I'm not assuming any price declines or any cost declines coming from our suppliers. I think the -- I don't see them lining up to come back and say, hey, good news, Scott and Chuck. We're going to charge you less for the component parts. There may be some benefit in freight and logistics. We'll see, as commercial airlift comes back online. I think the benefits we'll get will be much more from shipping more out of our backlog that are orders that were received after we did the price increases last year.
Scott Herren: Yes. Again, our guidance assumes that we continue to be supply constrained through the year. As I said, if we could get more supply, we would be growing more quickly in fiscal 2023. So we'll continue to be supply constrained. Our modeling shows that our backlog, as we exit fiscal 2023, Chuck touched on this earlier, that we think the dollar value, obviously, it's not the same orders, but the dollar value is roughly unchanged from the dollar value we roll into fiscal 2023 with. So I think we'll continue to face component availability headwinds throughout the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. We don't forecast order growth, as you know, Ittai. So that's not one that I want to jump into at this point. I think the -- probably the key takeaway would be, we're not demand constrained. We're supply constrained, as you look at 2023.
Scott Herren: Yeah. I think, Paul, on the gross margin question, I think you nailed the trends. I don't expect input costs, particularly around semis to come down. I look forward to the day that I come to the office and there's a message from our semiconductor suppliers saying, hey, good news, your price is going down. I just don't see that happening. Price will offset part of it. I think you got that part right, too. I think the other – the only thing I would add that probably in your thinking, but you didn't say it, so I will. Over the longer term, as we mix more software in, that will be a tailwind at the gross margin line. So just add that to your thinking, and I think you've got it nailed.
Scott Herren: Yeah. There's a couple of dynamics going on in RPO. So I'd say, in general, you're right, obviously, duration has an effect on RPO as well, but it varies a bit by product line. So for the quarter, we just announced the 6% product RPO growth. We had double-digit product RPO growth in secure Agile Networks, an optimized app experiences and in security, almost forgot. And we had high single-digit growth in Internet for the future. I'd say that the headwind there, of course, is collab from an RPO standpoint. So longer term, I think you'd expect those dynamics to continue. And as we turn around the go-to-market and the sales side of collab, that will flip from being a headwind to more of a tailwind on product RPO growth.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Tim. So let's start with the software. And you're right, the software is flattish. There's two things that I would point out. We have -- we, obviously, have been transitioning from perpetual software model, which is in decline, and that's by design. We want to decline our perpetual software and increase our subscription software. And the way I think about it is, our perpetual was down roughly 14% during the quarter. And we also, as Scott said, have over $2 billion, and it's actually a higher number exiting Q4 than it was in Q3 of software in backlog, as you said, connected to hardware. So those are two contributing factors, which is why we really should be thinking about the ARR situation because that's reflective of the ACV that we basically had exiting the quarter. And it's -- so that's an indicator of future software revenue. So we're comfortable with it. And I think once we get through some of the supply chain stuff that we'll start to see that be a little more reflective of what we've been planning on. On the cloud vertical, we continue to win new insertions. That business is approaching 3 billion annually now after just two or three short years ago, it was pretty close to nothing. And so the teams have done a fantastic job. It is, obviously, over the last four quarters, it's grown 50%. From a revenue perspective, it's very supply chain dependent. So I wouldn't get too wrapped up about the revenue versus the orders right now. I think we'll work our way through that over the next four to five quarters. But overall, really pleased with where we are.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Rod, I saw some folks who thought we would be down 15%. So I think it's just different ways of modeling. When we were thinking about this question, and we obviously know that 31% and then in Q1, we're comparing is 33%. We were trying to find other ways to look at the business to indicate the reality of the demand signal. So let me just give you a few of those characteristics. First of all, from a product order perspective, as I said, it was the second highest in history, which would be only eclipsed by Q4 a year ago, and it grew 15%. And on a sequential basis, that's actually in range with our historicals. If you go back to -- if you take out last year, which was an abnormal sequential then it's very much in line, it's in the range of what we've seen for the last 10 years, the 15%. You had enterprise, public sector and commercial, all growing in solid double-digits on a sequential basis, and again, growing sequentially off our largest third quarter product bookings ever. We also have continued growth in the pipeline. As we exited Q4, we saw very good growth in pipeline, which is a good indicator of going forward. And the final thing I would tell you is that if you -- the way our sales teams forecasted the quarter at the beginning of month three, they revised their forecast for the quarter, and they finished stronger than they thought they would, and we had strength as we exited the quarter. And so linearity was solid. And so we just haven't seen anything that would indicate a significant shift in the demand signal from our customers.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, it's a good question. And we -- what I would say is that, we are not immune to any significant change in the macro that would result in enterprise spending shifting up. My comments are just that, we haven't seen a material demand signal change as we've entered into Q1. So that's where we are. I think on last call, I believe, I talked a lot about how I believe that post pandemic, the view of technology by our customers is much different than it would have been seven, eight, nine years ago there. I think if you ask our customers if they would pause spending during a crisis, they would probably respond, when is there not going to be a crisis, given what we've dealt with the last three years. And so, in general, we don't hear a lot of difference, relative to your question around have we seen any different buying behavior or what are they trying to buy from us. In some cases, customers are looking for a little shorter ROI, so that affects how they think about what products they're buying in these kinds of times. In some cases, customers are looking ahead to lead times to fiscal 2023 budgets and trying to better understand what their budgets are going to look like, because the shipments and the payments would be in the 2023 time frame. But other than that, we're not seeing anything significantly different.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks, Meta. So on the first one, I'd say, that it's a combination of both of those. We -- as we said earlier, we saw increased volumes in the broker network during the quarter, which candidly was an opportunity we took advantage of, which is why you saw the higher top line, we were able to get more products shipped to our customers, which we obviously were very happy about, but we had to pay more for those components, and we think that will continue probably over the next 60 to 90 days. And then, we think, some of those purchases will begin to become available from the same suppliers that have put the excess inventory into the marketplace. At the same time, we have – and I think I said this on our last call, we've had hundreds of product design – redesigns going on. And two of our high volume products that also have good margins will begin to ship in the redesigned space sort of towards the latter into Q1, and then into the balance of the year, which we think will be helpful as well. So it's a combination of both of those things. And that's what gives us a little bit of optimism that things will continue to improve during the year. On the second question, on the valuations, I've had this one a few times, and I've been asked, if our M&A strategy has changed because of the valuations. And I've said that, our strategy hasn't changed, but the openness to talk to us from some of the – the companies that thought they had different strategic exits might have changed. And so we haven't changed our strategy. We just think that, it potentially creates more opportunity for us with companies that might not have been willing because they thought there was a high-flying IPO, ahead of them that they may not believe is the case right now. And the market is obviously taking a much different view on profitability versus just growth.
Chuck Robbins: No, we don't see anything. What I would tell you about the service provider business is that because of the long lead times, we started a process of doing long-term planning with them that I've talked about before. And so we actually have deferred bookings that don't show up anywhere right now, approaching $0.5 billion, that because they're outside of our standard shipment window when they would like to get those. So we've got orders out quarters from now from them that are all non-cancelable because of the contracts that we've done. So we feel good about that momentum. We think that those customers will continue to spend in all of the trends that we've talked about. And given that we just shipped our first 800-gig system to one of the web scale players, we can continue to see them take advantage of these higher speed platforms.
Chuck Robbins: So we saw -- I think Scott mentioned this in his -- we had some really good growth and some backlog movement, to be honest, on the firewall side. So we had a really solid quarter on shipments from a firewall perspective. But we also had strength in our endpoint business. We had strengthened our Zero Trust business. And we're continuing to -- that is the number one investment area for the company this year, and it is -- we're continuing to drive, I think, greater innovation there and evolve that portfolio as we've described strategically. So I think we'll just continue to see improvement. But this quarter did get a boost from us clearing some backlog in the firewall space.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah, Samik, thank you. I'll comment on -- the small business was again strong, as I spoke about just a moment ago. I think it's really important when you have these abnormal year-over-year comparisons for us to find other ways to assess the strength, which is why we looked at the sequential growth. And sequentially, they're both up in double-digits, both commercial and enterprise, which against a very large quarter, a quarter ago. And so we're comfortable right now that they're moving as they should be. Candidly, for commercial to grow at all after the extreme growth that we had a year ago was actually quite positive. So I actually view that favorably given the strength that they showed a year ago, it was probably the highest growth rate we've had in forever in that space or at least in the last 10 years. So overall, I think we don't see any sort of significant demand shift, as I said earlier. On the collab front, it's a little bit like the security message that I gave a few minutes ago. We had a -- we did clear a lot of device business in the backlog. So the growth, as Scott said in his opening comments, was driven largely by the device business and offset by some declines we had in meetings and calling. But I will say that the teams are working really hard on the meetings and calling side. Those have been strong. The calling side has been strong for us in the past few quarters. The product portfolio is in really good shape. The Net Promoter Score for our meetings platform is now 64 and that was 1 million customer responses. So it's a huge -- it's a hugely improved experience. And this year, the teams are really focused on trying to get that back to growth. But we've got a lot of work to do.
Chuck Robbins: Okay. First of all, I think, market share is a very difficult thing to assess right now, to your point, because of everything sitting in the backlog. I do believe that Q4 was the second largest Cat 9000 shipment quarter in the history of the product. So that would indicate that it's strong. And I think as we continue to clear our backlog or work through it, not clear it, but as we work through our backlog, you'll see some share come out. But I would encourage you to look at market share over a trending quarter time frame as opposed to a point in time because you just never know. We've got some products that we've been redesigning that we have backlog that we'll begin to ship and mass that will actually flip market share numbers pretty significantly. And my competitor is going to be telling you exactly what I'm telling you right now. So it's something you just got to watch over time. And so, I'm not -- I mean, clearly, we have competition in the campus. We have very strong competition, we always have. And -- but given the volume of the products that we're shipping right now, I don't feel like we're losing significant share.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah. We didn't give that stat and that's not one that I want to start giving every quarter. Ben, what we did say qualitatively is it grew again. And what I'll tell you is, it was up actually up triple digits again on a year-on-year basis. The overall backlog, software backlog is a pretty significant headwind to our software growth it's well north of the $2 billion that we talked about.
Chuck Robbins: Yeah. I have not heard any discussion on that particular topic, but it wouldn't surprise me. I mean, if I was a customer and if I had a project that I could actually drive some constructive ROI by doing part of it, then I would split it up to try to get the part that I could get, for sure. I'll tell you what we are seeing, we are -- we have customers are being really good with us about telling us what they desperately need and what they're okay waiting for. They've been really great about saying, look, I'm not going to come tell you this guy is falling and tell you, I need everything in backlog tomorrow. But here's what I really need, here's what I need this time. Here's what I need this time. And so we've been working through that a lot with customers and that may be a variation of what you've heard. So that's the only thing that I can think of. On the Todd comment on the org chart, I think the comment is we don't want to ship our org chart. And we talked at Cisco Live about a huge number of `cross-business unit technology combinations that we were delivering. I'll give you a couple of examples, but this is what he's talking about. Like our Secure Connects plus that we started shipping includes SD-WAN technology from the enterprise networking team and cloud security from the security team brought together in a managed as-a-service offer for customers. There's integration going on between AppDynamics and ThousandEyes that actually will be bidirectional intelligence. It will flow between those two. You've got AppDynamics doing the same thing with Talos and other aspects of the security portfolio for that exact reason. You've got -- before Jonathan took on all of the portfolio that Todd had and his own, there was a lot of work Todd was doing with Jonathan's team around private 5G and how do we build private 5G services through a combination of those. So that's what Todd is talking about. I think the teams have done a good job of really leading with what the customer needs and not building from the way the org chart is built. And that's what he's talking about.
Chuck Robbins: Good. All right. Well, thank you all. Before we wrap, I want to make a few closing comments. I just first want to say, I'm really proud of what our teams have achieved. It's obviously a very dynamic environment, and the teams have really shown great execution and great focus. We did have tough compares, and so we worked really hard to try to give you a different way of looking at the demand, and we'll just -- we'll let you know if we see anything change when we come back together in the next call. But right now, demand remains solid. I think customers really do understand the value that technology brings to their strategy. I also appreciate what our supply chain teams have achieved, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing and how that supply, hopefully, will continue to ease throughout the year. The business model transition is really helping us, give you more visibility and predictability. And I'm also proud of how our team has rallied around our purpose. Just a couple of comments. This year, we set another a record, a record high number of employees who were given back into their communities. Our Net Zero by 2024 target and near-term targets were just approved by the science-based targets initiative under its Net Zero standard. So we're not only committed to our own goals, but also building technology that helps our customers meet their own goals. Lastly, we've been named the number one Great Place to Work in 20 countries around the world. And on any day, I will be proud of that, but this is super important right now given the competition for talent around the world, and it really does make a difference when we're trying to hire new talent into the organization. It really makes us more resilient than ever, and I think we're well positioned for long-term growth, and I want to thank all of you for spending time with us today. Thank you.
