Laura Graves: Thank you, Operator and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our 79th quarterly conference call. I am joined today by John Chambers, our Chairman and CEO; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations, Ned Hooper, Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President of our Consumer Business; Padmasree Warrior, Chief Technology Officer; and Blair Christie, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications. The Q1 fiscal year 2010 press release is posted on US high-tech market wire and on the Cisco website at newsroom.cisco.com.  I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides. In those slides you will find the financial information we cover during this conference call, as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you might find helpful. Downloadable Q1 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue by product and geography. Income statements, full-GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the financials tab in the IR website to access the webcast slides and these documents. A replay of this call will be available via telephone from November 4th through November 11th at 866-357-4205 or 203-369-0122 for international callers, and is also available from November 4th through January 15th on Cisco’s IR website at investor.cisco.com. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and these financial results in the press release are unaudited. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. As a reminder, unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that, I would like now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter. 
Laura Graves: Thank you, John. Operator, we are about ready to open the floor to questions. We respectfully ask that the sell side analysts please ask only one question. Operator, go ahead with our first person, please. 
Laura Graves: Thank you. I would like to remind our audience that Cisco's annual financial conference will occur on Tuesday, December the 8th and will be available to investors via real-time video webcast.  Our next quarterly conference call which will reflect our second quarter fiscal year 2010 results will be on Wednesday, February 3, 2010 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Downloadable Q1 fiscal year 10 financial statements will be available following today’s call, including revenue segments by product and geography, income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, and cash flow statements can also be found on our website in the IR section. Click on the financials section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents.  Again, I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it has done so through an explicit public disclosure.  Please call the investor relations team with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and your continued support of our company. This concludes our call.
Frank A. Calderoni: Thanks, John. Let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements. You should review our recent SEC filings that identify important risk factors and understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in these forward-looking statements.  The guidance we are providing is on a non-GAAP basis with reconciliation to GAAP.  As John indicated while we are cautiously optimistic about the recovery of the economy, the variability that still exists within the marketplace makes it difficult to predict demand in other related matters beyond a quarter at a time. As such, we will only be providing guidance for our second quarter at this time and are approaching the second half of our fiscal year outlook with the realizations that there remains an unknown level of sustainability.  We would encourage each of our shareholders to be equally careful and to reflect this uncertainty as they model the second half of our fiscal year. We will continue to provide updates and further guidance each quarter.  For Q2 FY10, we anticipate total revenue for the second quarter to be up approximately 1% to 4% year over year. From a sequential perspective, we expect to see approximately 2% to 5% growth.  At this point, let me remind you that in light of regulation FD, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure.  Now let me give you some additional details on the Q2 financial guidance. As we have said in the past, forecasting gross margins has always been challenging due to various factors such as volume, product mix, variable component costs, customer and channel mix, and the competitive pricing pressure. That being said, we believe total gross margin in Q2 will be approximately 64% to 65%, reflecting the revenue guidance I just shared with you. With recent acquisitions and our entry into some lower margin markets, gross margins could be negatively impacted by product mix.  We believe Q2 operating expenses will be approximately 37.5% to 38.5% of revenue. We expect interest and other income to be approximately $25 million in the second quarter. Our tax provision rate for Q2 is expected to be approximately 22%.  Going forward, due to the immaterial difference between GAAP and non-GAAP share count, we will use one share count for both GAAP and non-GAAP earnings and are modeling share count to be down approximately 50 million shares quarter over quarter in weighted average shares outstanding for EPS purposes.  In this estimate of share count, we are not taking into consideration any further change in stock price that could occur in the second quarter of fiscal year ’10.  While we expect to continue our share repurchase program, it is difficult to predict the exact weighted average shares outstanding. As a point of reference, a $1 movement in our average share stock price would change the calculated shares outstanding for purposes of determining earnings per share by approximately $17 million.  Regarding cash flow from operations, we would expect to generate $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion during the second quarter. For the Q2 FY10 GAAP earnings, we anticipate that GAAP EPS will be $0.06 to $0.08 per share lower than the non-GAAP EPS, primarily due to stock compensation expense and acquisition related charges. Please see the slides that accompany this webcast for more detail.  Our GAAP guidance could vary significantly depending upon the potential positive or negative mark to market fluctuations relating to our transaction to hedge a portion of the foreign currency consideration for our announced pending acquisition of Tambur.  Other than those items noted above, there are no other significant differences between GAAP and our non-GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisitions, asset impairments, restructuring and tax or other events which may or may not be significant.  I will now turn the call back to John.
Frank A. Calderoni: John, as you mentioned, we’ve been modeling our year as far as looking at the two halves because of the situation that has gone on in the economy, as you mentioned. So we’ve developed a plan really for the first two quarters and after we finish this next quarter, we will then look at our plan for the second half of the year and invest accordingly. 
Frank A. Calderoni: Let me start with the first part of the question on the gross margin, so just looking at even some of the drivers from a Q4 to Q1 perspective, especially with the guidance that we provided last time, so we did see overall better volume and higher revenue as you can see. That does generate a portion of the higher margin that we saw. Again, we had several hundred million dollars of higher revenue than we anticipated.  The other driver is we did see lower overall manufacturing costs than we had expected, really driven by a lot of the strong operational efficiency that we had been working through the manufacturing organization. Effective inventory management, value engineering, process efficiencies, and so forth. And then the last point is our service margins -- although they were down quarter on quarter, they were better than we anticipated, primarily on the stronger revenue but also from the standpoint of the ramp of our resources. We have been increasing that ramp because we do see opportunity for us to invest in services but it’s not happening as fast as we would anticipate.  So going into the second quarter, the major change from where we are at the end of Q1, one is the service piece that I just talked about, so we are anticipating our service margins to drop primarily because of the investment and we think that is good because we do see the opportunity for the advisory services to continue to provide growth opportunity for Cisco.  And then the second piece has to do with the product mix. Now, we are going into the holiday time frame for November/December -- therefore we are anticipating a higher percentage of our business in the consumer -- 
Frank A. Calderoni: And then we also have mix, lower mix gross margin impact driven by the UCS product that we talked about as that starts to ramp. And then also with our set-top box business, which does have lower margin.  So mix does have a play as we move forward. It’s something that if we model over a longer period of time, it’s that which we have to take into consideration and it’s part clearly of what we are looking at in Q2 as part of that 64% to 65% range that we provided.  It is higher than we had guided coming into Q4 -- sorry, into Q1, so we’ve taken some of the benefit that we saw in Q1 into consideration.  Now on the OpEx, yes --
Frank A. Calderoni: And then moving on to the operating expense, clearly we’ve done a very good job over a number of quarters dealing with the challenges in the economy. We came into Q1 at a very low rate from an expense perspective. We are as both John and I just mentioned as part of the call planning to make selective investments in addition to supporting the market adjacency opportunities that we see.  I think if you look back at Q1 and how aggressive we were with some of the announcements that we’ve made, we want to continue to be aggressive and take advantage of the momentum that we are seeing in the marketplace and the position that Cisco has, so we feel that making that investment in the second quarter, increasing our expenses is going to pay back in the long-term. 
John T. Chambers: I wanted to give one more quarter before I answer that one, Brian, directly. In terms of the early customer acceptance, our own internal use of the product, the number of customers who will watch the first wave and if it goes well, and consider putting it into their business model but I think when we do our next quarter conference call, I will make it a specific topic for you on that conference call to give you an update because I will have a lot better data as opposed to initial pilots.  Initial results look very solid. There are very few accounts in the world that won't take a hard look at this, and so the key is can we translate those pilots and can we translate the initial systems into those accounts into real meaningful, measurable volume.  We clearly view that positioning with the -- with virtualization and cloud position us well for the future, so I will give you a chance for a second question, since I indirectly answered the first one. 
John T. Chambers: The ASR 1000 is off to a great start. If I remember my data, I’ll have somebody check it as we go, I think we got over 1,000 customers for the ASR 1000 already and for the ASR 9000, the number of customers more than doubled during the quarter. And so both of them are off to a good start.  As you know, like with ASR 1000, it takes a while in pilot situations before you begin volume, so it will probably be a couple of more quarters before you see the ASR 9000 volumes be meaningful in terms of direction.  So in summary, ASR 1000 bookings were probably over $100 million and that obviously indicates a pretty good trend, probably in the $0.5 billion range for the fiscal year and a growth year over year obviously in the 100% plus type range. ASR 9000, we are off to a good start but I will probably have better day for you in one more quarter. 
John T. Chambers: So the larger acquisitions, Ned, keep me honest here, I don’t think will be closed during the fourth quarter, so that will not be -- 
John T. Chambers: So Jeff, I understood you clearly. You must have been speaking through a Cisco IP phone. A little bit of humor there -- [inaudible] but in terms of those, they will close in the first half of next calendar year and we will probably give you more specific data as we get closer in.  In terms of the fourth quarter activity on budget, I think you are going to see some companies and we want to watch this very closely and we will make sure that we have the availability for them to spend in the fourth quarter and we absolutely put that into our projections. So I think you are seeing many companies start to look a little bit more optimistic but with appropriate caution and you are starting to see them invest and to me, the key takeaway -- if you were to say all right, John, what is the number one indication of that? It was clearly enterprise. Enterprise was the first one in to slow down. It was down even last quarter, 20% year over year and yet this quarter it was up 10% in the U.S. So just like the major enterprise accounts were the first one in, followed by service providers, followed by medium-sized business, followed by small, we think the trend will come out the same way.  The stimulus package is starting to have an effect. You saw that in government spending around the world and I think you will see some stimulus spending that will have some -- this Q4 calendar year implications attached to it, and service providers. While the numbers are still down year over year by a fair amount, you saw a very positive trend form Q4 to fiscal year Q1, so that’s a nice way of saying yes and yes, Jeff, we did factor it into our forecast. 
John T. Chambers: No, I would just wait to see. We clearly are ahead of most of our peers in seeing the activities in terms of growth. Q4 from Q3 was up a little bit over 10% in terms of sequential orders. Q1 was in a period that is normally down in mid single digits or low single digits right in the pattern. Our revenue sequential growth was good. This next quarter looked strong.  I just don’t want to get ahead of ourselves and you know, we are just saying wait another quarter to let us get the data because there are a lot of caveats around job creations, sustainability, so it was a very strong Q1. We are projecting a strong Q2 and I would just encourage you to do exactly what we are doing at Cisco -- let’s not get Q3 and Q4 modeled until we get further into that time period.  So I’m just doing what I would do myself in terms of the direction. Frank, you [inaudible]. 
John T. Chambers: I think that’s the better part of optimism. We are being about as optimistic as I think you could be given the challenges that are going on and backing it up with very specific data with it, but I’d wait another quarter before I would model Q3 and Q4 up off your current levels. 
John T. Chambers: Thank you. It’s nice to say that for a change. You could say that one more time, if you wanted. It’s been a number of quarters. 
John T. Chambers: One more comment on that, Frank -- also you saw our numbers in emerging markets. The competition there on price is brutal and developed markets, we can usually -- are in the premium because of our ability to help them drive productivity and transform industries and emerging markets, it is a very tough price game and probably in hindsight if we had been a little bit more aggressive, we could have picked up more business there and I -- it’s a nice way of saying we will probably be more aggressive in the next quarter or two in emerging markets in terms of pricing. 
John T. Chambers: Yes, but not for the reason of lead times. If you watch, many of our peers saw a problem in the supply area and as Frank alluded to in his comments, we clearly are taking pretty aggressive actions to make sure with inventory, et cetera, that it will not be a problem as we go through this next quarter.  In terms of the quarter, we made good progress during the quarter on our lead time issues and we need to bring them down further this next quarter, and it varies by product category. Actually it’s the reverse -- the longer lead times are, the less good indications it is in terms of order rates. And so when it’s at the current level, it’s still reasonably good indications but -- and I think Rob, you and I would both rather they be down to a week or so in terms of getting some of the trends right in terms of direction.  To your indirect part of your question, did that contribute to the bookings in a meaningful way, we don’t think so but it does encourage people to order earlier and that does help us a little bit in projecting the quarter, at least in the short-term. 
John T. Chambers: So in summary, if you look at it, our general guidelines haven’t changed. Ned, I want to congratulate the team -- four acquisitions in a month was amazing and what was fascinating, this speaks to our speed, skill, flexibility and replication, is I talked about myself not really changing my schedule during the month with all these activities going on -- Ned, you did the same. You did your consumer reviews, you did your product plans, you made your customer calls and this really speaks to the power of this organization structure, where before with [webX] two years ago, I think it about killed us both but especially you when we announced at the time we delivered it was probably 24 by 7 for seven days and it speaks to how effectively as we do each of these acquisitions or market areas you know, and Rob, you, Gary, and Ned took the lead with EMC. In VMWare, we had Martin Deboer and Charles take the lead in terms of the movement in terms of Tamburg; we had [inaudible] and Hilton take the lead in terms of what we did with [Cerin].  And so you see the structure really begin to have legs and interactions, but the basic [inaudible] haven’t changed. General rule of thumb, partner big to big, acquire big to small. When you move into a market, you’ve got to get it before the market is obvious, if you are going to do it with internal development. Once the market starts to take off, you acquire one of the top five players, ideally one or two, and you don’t move into a market where you don’t have a reasonable probability of becoming the number one player, ideally with 40% plus market spend.  So those rules haven’t change, and thank you for the review, because it does keep all of us kind of on the straight and narrow of what we try to do. 
John T. Chambers: I don’t think there is a correct or incorrect way to do it but here is our thought process. First is with those of you that might be saying tell us again, John, why your Q2 numbers are where they are and then let me go to Q3 and Q4 is if you look at our revenue growth in Q2 sequentially from Q1, it was all the way back in 2004 before it was more than 3% year over year. So this is exactly how it normally folds out in terms of sequential numbers, even in good years and for those of you who follow us real closely, you know that the federal business in Q2 dropped from Q1 to Q2 even with good year-over-year numbers, falls sequentially $300 million, so Rob has to in his forecast to us absorb the $300 million.  And the second half is just we don’t want people modeling in a normal year yet -- it’s too early. There are too many of our peers not seeing the turn and too many of our customers and you are coming off of a lower base, so not saying if I implied don’t change a forecast to say versus what you are seeing in Q2 that you are going to be modeling down but at the same time, don’t model in the normal year yet. I think that’s just taking a little bit too much risk at this time.  So we are modeling our own business this way. We think that’s a better part of prudence and the numbers are up pretty healthily in Q1 and Q2, as you said. 
John T. Chambers: I don’t mind the challenge either. I clearly hear the challenge that goes with it. I hope you are going to be very right on that and at the Q2 conference call, I’ll be saying Nikos was right, now we are comfortable with raising it the normal sequential growth for Q3. But I’d like to get closer. There are too many people I respect that aren’t as optimistic as we are about the economy or aren’t seeing the improvements yet in their business trends, or things that could happen on the political front that we all worry about that could cause us to misstep. 
John T. Chambers: Well, a series of related questions so let me try to tie them together. You are right that customers’ networks are running hotter than they normally would and you are seeing that both in the service provider and to an extent in the enterprise where there were not large employment numbers going down -- some of the enterprise clearly did some pretty major restructuring but as a whole, the networks are running with heavier loads within that.  Secondly, no, CEOs are running their business exactly like I just indicated to Nikos. They are making their decisions, they are getting the foot perhaps off the brake, some of them are starting on the gas pedal but very few are doing what Cisco is doing, which is putting the gas pedal all the way down. So I do not think that you can call it linearity in terms of their decision to spend yet and I think that’s what the CIOs would say in our meetings, et cetera. And only about half the CEOs would be even saying we are comfortably into an economic recovery, so I believe that the numbers and as you know, I tend to be very analytical, Mark, are indications that have always in the past been right so I put pretty high odds on them being right at this time, but there is just a lot of uncertainties about how will the holiday season go, how will job creation follow because job creation is clearly not going to be there for a couple of quarters until after you start to get this recovery, companies will initially drive up productivity just like you saw us do and then very selective hire.  So that’s kind of how I look at it. I do think you are seeing an increasing movement of top enterprise and service provider customers begin to think let’s start to spend. You are seeing stimulus programs start to have an effect, especially in government spending, but it is too early to say other than network loads, which you are right on the assumption, that anybody is extrapolating out more than one quarter. I think they are going to watch how this year-end ends up, then they are going to budget and that’s why I would wait until we talk in February before I would dramatically increase your expectations. Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. 
John T. Chambers: But to answer the question in summary on video, I think it is a killer app and you are going to see us move across the board. It isn’t just about changing communications -- it’s changing business models, how you deliver workers to where the jobs are, virtually how you build the cities of the future and so it is a key part of our overall strategy. You will see us move in video in many areas and don’t underestimate our view of how important media net is to the fabric of [being able] any device to any content in a format and then being able to not only search off of it but push it to its communities of interest. 
John T. Chambers: Simon, they are writing the names down and I am reading them sideways as your question comes in and who the next one is, so I knew you were there about 10 seconds before you did. Go ahead. 
John T. Chambers: Federal did see a very good quarter year over year. Rob, I’m going to ask you to expand on that a little bit in a moment and talk about it in a fair amount of detail but federal from Q1 to Q2 is always down even in very strong year-over-year growth periods in excess of 50%. So we do see the federal stimulus packages having an effect both in the U.S. but candidly around the world. You saw public sector in many areas picking up in terms of direction.  In terms of federal programs, we are seeing them begin to drive some very creative areas and that relates to healthcare, it relates to broadband build-outs, et cetera, which play right into our sweet spots which Rob, you can expand on a little bit as well.  We are encouraged by what we are seeing from people out of the administration like Valerie Jarrett listening to business on what are the key issues on tax policies outside the U.S., which could have a very challenging effect on job creation in the U.S. if done wrong, and with Julius Jenakowski as an example of the FCC really listening to all sides and starting on the issue of net neutrality kind of in the middle of the page, which can have a lot of impact on many service providers and many high tech companies.  So I think you see a group that is listening and in the areas that relate to high tech, regardless of political party in terms of its direction. To come specifically to federal, Rob, maybe you’ll comment both on what you are seeing but also it was really your idea on how to position our focus on federal both in this country and around the world, if you could expand on that a little bit. 
John T. Chambers: One question I didn’t get that I was expecting a little bit and [inaudible], you know, give you the one that really I think is most fascinating, a lot of people really don’t understand how clouds are going to evolve and how they go through phases and position really what was the -- not just movement to the private cloud [inaudible] the service that we announced with EMC and VMWare and Cisco, and with other partners, service providers and systems integrators and channel partners, but walk us through the steps as you see that if I were a shareholder, what should I be watching [inaudible] cloud emerges and since you were the one that I asked to set this direction for us over a year ago and then turned it very smoothly for you and Tony working together in the implementation, show me a little bit where we are. 
John T. Chambers: You know, the exciting part is, just using service providers as an example, our view and their view is the same -- you want intelligence in the network so we naturally align in ways that candidly some of our large peers do not. We don’t compete with the service providers. We have the exact same goal on it.  So Laura, with that I am going to give it back to you and congratulations. We didn’t fumble the ball too many times under your leadership and Blair is grinning. He enjoyed watching that, so why don’t you finish it up for us. 
