John Chambers: Tal, there's always pricing pressure in every segment from a number of competitors. But if you look at where we are, if you look at switching, and you look at what we did this quarter, bookings were clearly in both our total product area comfortably above the revenues. So we clearly increased our backlog in these categories. And in terms of the momentum in the switching business, I would expect those to be positive, and while I don't want to break into segments and individual areas, if we were to do that, I would expect switching to be in the mid-single digits if I were looking out over the next couple of quarters to higher. I think what you're seeing very frankly there is, and bear with me for the audience who may not be as familiar with our product capabilities, is that 7000 might have the functionality to a salesperson of two 6000 Catalysts. And so they have to sell almost 2x to 3x the volume, the 7000 to have the same revenue scenarios. If you put a Catalyst in a wearing closet and it was a 6000 and now you can do it with the new 4000 line, while you don't lose share on that in terms of how the fuel fuse it, you do have a revenue drop on it, and you have to pick that back up. The new 2000 has the functionality of our old 3000 products. And so it's very easy to compete with the 2000 from an architectural point of view in terms of product, price performance. But we've got to learn, Rob, to sell up market in terms of the approach. So I think our challenge is to work through each of these product area and we are not going to give up market share in terms of revenues or ports. We're going to be very aggressive and control the evolution of this transition ourselves. So out over the next year, I feel really good how we're going to do on switching. And again as I said in the last quarter conference call, you'll see it bounce up and down by quarter, I don't think that will be any different this time. And I think if you look at the top 15 product areas, I said my goal, give or take one or two is to have decrease and five to decrease each quarter. And then to fix those, by the next quarter as it occurs. In terms of routing, we're doing very well and we do have good competitors. But you are right, our product portfolio is the strongest it’s ever been in core, Edge, and access. I think what you're seeing in the quarter is you have good CRS-1 growth but the CRS-3 hasn't kicked in, in large volumes yet because what's going to occur there is you've got to get to the testing cycles with the large accounts. So I would expect you to see that over the next several quarters as that picks up. In terms of the Edge, I really like our product capabilities and we did very well this quarter in terms of Edge orders. Now we've got to keep the pressure on in terms of converting those to revenue and then expanding off the initial capabilities and the direction. So if you look at it, I think in both these categories you look back a year from I think we'll hold our own very well and we'll see if that means slightly upwards with market share or slightly down. But I feel good about our overall products, Tal, in the direction.
John Chambers: Well Brian, we listened to your constructive criticisms and we agree upon the points. We're going to go each quarter couple of quarters at a time and Frank and I with the team will model out what we think our growth will be over the next year, and provide expenses in line with what we think that growth will be. Then we'll let the quarter speak for themselves in terms of what the long-term growth will be in the balance. But in terms of your direct question, I would expect our expenses to be in line with orders or slightly below orders in the intermediate time period in terms of direction. So we're just going to focus on getting the results, tell you what they are, not getting our momentum ahead of our headlights, and we'll focus more in a year cycle, and then we'll see what the results take us in terms of direction. That's a nice way of saying absolutely keep expenses in line with our order growth levels as we look out over the next 12 months.
John Chambers: Nikos, one last comment, and Blair I'll try to get the answers tighter. If you watched what we've done, if we were just a routing and switching company, that now in total is -- I'd have to look at the numbers. I think like 46% of our business is all that it is. And if you watch these new market areas that we are moving into, they are ramping at tremendous speed in terms of our video strategy, our TelePresence strategy, our media net, our collaboration and data center. We would've told you a year ago that our UCS would be growing at 700% year-over-year. That would be in many, companies that are leading edge, the preferred server technology they're using and switch technology and storage partner with our MDS growing you'd have said not a chance, John. So momentum feels very good in the data center. It feels extremely good in collaboration, we're winning in Video. Now our key is to balance all these portfolios and that's where I'm going to ask Ned to get closer and closer to me. I need help on balancing the portfolios from a strategy perspective and we need to be tougher on our focus on execution on holding people accountable for measurements. But it is these multiple growth areas that when one flows, another picks up. Now my goal is to get them all going at a faster pace in terms of their momentum and that's why I feel pretty comfortable about Q3 and Q4. It's all the appropriate caveats, because it does feel good on that.
John Chambers: It might take as a year and a half to win the first $1 million orders in a large enterprise customer regardless of industry for the date center and those are servers, and the network, and our storage approach. Then, you ramp it after that. So you do have front end -- what I'd call getting the field ready type of activity that then ramp up on the back side. So that would be the way I'd answer it, Mark. Give us a feedback on what you agree with and what you perhaps are challenges further on.
John Chambers: Nice way of saying we've got to learn how to sell up market as well as beat the competitors. We're beating the competitors fine, but we've got to sell up in terms of additional functionality. And then we can load the networks with that functionality, Simona, as well.
John Chambers: Fair question, Ittai. It's probably one that a number of your peers have. And I know we can ask it in different ways. In terms of what has always occurred -- and bear with me, I'm going to take a step back. When we originally entered the switching market, with the team from [indiscernible], everyone was convinced that you cannot get gross margins higher in switching than high-40s, at best low-50s. And yet every generation products we brought out we’d bring out a product at a given gross margin level then would do what I call a Texas two-step which is price performance improvements with better margins, price performance improvements with better margins as you go through it. We know how to do that, I just think we have to do it at a faster pace in terms of the approach. And if you watch even the 7000 just as a proof point that's exactly what we did over the last five quarters. Now with the 2000, 3000, they're new. We've got to do the same things there in terms of the approach. And as you would expect, we have working groups in each category. Now the two things that challenge us here, that have never challenged us before, I have never been fortunate enough to have all new products across all of our product portfolios at the same time. Normally you have two or three new products per year and it takes you four or five years to have that generation of products evolved that we have today. This is tough to compete against. I mean, the innovation engine is doing really well. The speed of take up, I did not anticipate. How quickly the ramp occurs and the trade off, our ability Rob to fill the higher end versus the sale at a given point, part of that is competition. But part of it is we have to, with our own customer, show them the value of going up one level in terms of the direction. So I would say it's the speed of take up in these scenarios and secondly in terms of the product groups all at once plans. That's a fast ramp. We've never -- if you have, let's say just for purpose of discussion 10 major switching products moving at the same time as opposed to one and then six months later another and that plays out over four or five years. That gets balanced more. So that would be the two areas that I think that we have to work on and get more effectively. It's a good problem to have if you're going to have a problem here. It's not one with the competitiveness of your product. It's not one that the architecture isn't winning. It's not one that you haven't designed leading Edge products in each category, but it is. You've got to be careful that you don't create competition within yourself. And if you do, you show the ability to move up market more effectively than we are at the same time.
John Chambers: When I asked Ned to lead it for me and we brought in Jonathan to be the lead of the Consumer specifically, we knew going in it was going to be tough. And we based our strategy on being able to sell added value on an architectural play in the home. As you saw in the most recent Christmas holiday season, value add higher end products got crushed and the ability to move was mainly on lower SKUs and lower balance within it. And so it turned out to be a tougher market than we anticipated and this last six months in particular, the things that are most important to Cisco than being able to sell are key, were not what the customers were buying within the category. Flip was up 15% year-over-year, but that wasn't the kind of growth that we wanted. We were looking more in the 30s in terms of the growth for the Flip architecture. So let me flip to you Ned a little bit of what you found. And then let me come back come around to talk about where we're going to go-forward and jump into it any way you want.
John Chambers: It's 2% of our business, John, to answer the question very directly, we get a lot of creative ideas and potential architectural plays here, and we have some plays coming in terms of Smart Grid and how that ties to every device in the home up and how you make the home architectures work better. We clearly will be very careful on spending this area and make sure we catch the market transitions if we ramp up expenses in the way. We will be combining resources in a constructive way to help on expenses as well.
John Chambers: Go ahead, ask the question, because I'm looking for a little bit of data because I'm going across a number of these at the same time. Go ahead and get the second part and I'll combine the two.
John Chambers: A lot of questions and I might do the services as wild card at the end, because that's something I think many people do not realize how much a differentiator is for us. 67% gross margins. I mean, it's off the charts. And what is even more interesting, as you invest in services, your customer satisfaction goes up, your win rate goes up, your architectural plays goes up and the customers are able to implement their solutions to achieve their business goals at a faster pace. It's nice if saying well, Gary, Joe, you guys are getting a home run at this and it's becoming literally a think about it, it's 21% of our business today and growing at a rate probably five points faster than the rest of the business and yet it pulls all the rest of the business through in terms of direction. To answer your question both directly and indirectly including keying off with a question you asked last quarter, in terms of comparing apples to apples, the Nexus product lines respectively, the Nexus 2000 grew at about from a revenue perspective about 160% the 5000 close to 60% not quite there, the 7000 about 97%. To go back to the Nexus approach in the 5000, these are all pretty good shape, the ASR 1000 grew about 7% the ASR 5000 grew as I said well over 100% but to your point, if you're comparing the ASR 5000 and going back to [indiscernible] based on that and look forward about the stair in improvement you're seeing growth in this product category at about 30%. The ASR 9000 grew at about almost 500% in terms of the ramp. And the ASR 9000 as you all know is so important, Rob, to us at the edge of the networks. That's what the reasons that we're getting more optimistic about service providers is that Edge 9000 after being in pilots for a long time and after being in terms of the mode of ramping with ASR 5000 where there were primarily two or three customers that have been doing the majority of the volumes for us both those look good and it goes back to one of the questions earlier. It might have been Tal, about routing growth, why we feel pretty good about the routing growth within the category. In terms of the UCS, we'll break out over time. I'm not sure what the gross margin each category that gives our competitors an awful good idea of what they have to do and not do. But I think I would view that as a separate growth area and kind of break it out from our traditional growth. And we might begin to give you a growth in margins in categories over time, in terms of concepts of where we're going. But the UCS standalone is when you combine the standalone with the switch, with the storage. The switch and the storage clearly have very good margins and barring the surprise especially the switching should increase over time, the architectural play there is what we're after. So I would begin to look at those as a blended approach and I'd look at how do we get our gross margins back in line in some of the product areas and talking about, Ned, I'm asking you guys to play a huge role in making this happen from the engineering side and from the strategy side, and the UCS is a great problem to have. So I don't view that as a negative driving down our gross margins, I view it as incremental revenue, incremental profit and then how do we do on our traditional business, which as I said in my comments I think we need to do better.
John Chambers: Sure. Well first let me start with a 10,000-foot view in reiterate, we are a portfolio play at Cisco. And if we have our top 15 product families, and we're gaining share in 10 and losing share in five, that's what I would consider, Ned, a reasonable balance. That doesn't mean there won't be quarters where we do 13 and quarters where we do eight, but it is that consistent balance overall, especially for the high-end segments of the product areas. According to our cuts on what the industry analysts are providing, if I look at year-over-year growth through the end of the calendar year, there are three categories that we lost share in. If you look at quarter-to-quarter and anticipating what's going on, there might be five within that group. If you look at where we are on LAN switching, I clearly am very comfortable with our product issue here. I think we've corrected the port scenario. And I think that we do our job right you see us pick up on revenue and approach. I want to say very specifically we are not fighting back with pricing. I wanted to say that very specific. This is not a price game. This is a price-performance game with our new products coming out at dramatically better price performance than our prior once. And as you'd expect, our customers will move to a product that has ramps twice the performance at half the price. That's just a logical evolution of where the markets going in terms of direction. On service provider routing, although we might lose something on the edge for a period of time this quarter. I really like where we are. And with ASR 9000, ASR 5000, we're going to be fine in terms of service providing the edge in terms of the direction and service provider routing in total. And [indiscernible] begin to kick up and not expect that throughout the remainder of this year in terms of direction. We still have some work to do in application switching, I think you all are aware of that. I'm actually pretty comfortable with wireless and I'm pretty comfortable with where we will go with security over time. Security we made the number one priority in engineering not because of its short-term opportunities but because of its long-term importance architecturally. There's no way you can do securities as pinpoint products, elements and a few routers, or element with a few switches. It has to be integrated with every basics, every software, every architecture within it. Padma, you and Bret own that for me. And I expect great things. But I'm realistic, that's over two to three years. Now I deliberately, Simon, commented on the areas where I felt we were exposed. I didn't focus on the other strong areas. The last one perhaps exposure wise will be set-top boxes. If you major in set-top boxes, obviously this is going to be a tough challenge for us the last couple of quarters. You'll see us balance that. You saw our IP set-top boxes begin to pick-up but for us it's no longer a set-top box game. It's a software architectural gain, next-generation of experience of next TVs, social media, working into that. Communications as a whole. This is where areas like you and me begin to play in as well on it. So if those are the weakest areas you've got, I think we're positioned pretty well in the weakest, and then you begin to go to our strength. You heard the strengths collaboration, data center. We're currently doing extremely, extremely well. Last comment, we're winning on architecture, price performance, plays and we got to sell up market in terms of it. In terms of specific pricing pressure putting the issue on us, that's not our problem that we feel that we're exposed on. We are with a whole bunch of new products at the same time. That candidly have really good price-performance and gross margins that will take a while to build up to a normal run rate. Blair, I don't know if you want to say anything else. Summarizing it, and I know I went long in a couple of questions. I apologize for that.
Rob Lloyd: Yes, John, I would just add, consistently around the world, enterprise and commercial appear to be markets we're gaining share and certainly gaining the relevance. The architectures of collaboration and data center are global markets for us and we're beginning to see those uptick even outside the United States as our momentum growth there in non-English speaking countries, which has been a focus for us. And then finally, I think the area of really driving our foundational technology is pretty critical. So emerging markets will be a growth engine for us as we capture the opportunities in Asia Pacific and emerging. I think those are the summary growth messages that we're going to continue to invest in.
Rob Lloyd: John, I think an example for Mark that you mentioned earlier is in the data center, we have an architecture that's selling. And when I ask our sales teams and I asked our partners, that architecture is clearly winning. The foundation of that new architecture has lower margins than the products that it's replacing. And it will be an ongoing improvement for us which is currently underway to improve the gross margins at the Nexus 7000 and equate to the gross margins of the Catalyst 6000 that it's replacing. So that's an example, where to Mark's question, we will be seeing margin improvement at that architectural approach to data center replies. And I think that's applying to several of our product transitions.
Rob Lloyd: Yes, John. I don't think we're losing market share in any of those spaces. I think we can do a better job at articulating the architectural advantages at the lower end of our fixed portfolio, and we have some actions underway right now to look after that.
