Frank A. Calderoni: Let me remind you again that our comments include forward looking statements. You should review our recent SEC filings that identify important risk factors and understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in the forward looking statements. The guidance we are providing is on a non-GAAP basis with a reconciliation to GAAP.   As John indicated, while we are optimistic about the recovery of the economy, the variability that still exists within the marketplace makes it challenging to predict demand and other related matters beyond a quarter at a time. As such, we will only be providing guidance for our third quarter at this time and are approaching the second half of the fiscal year outlook with the realization that these remain at unknown levels of sustainability.  We would encourage each of our shareholders to be equally careful as they model the second half of the fiscal year. For Q3 FY10 we anticipate total revenue to be up approximately 23% to 26% year over year. Every five to six years, Cisco has an extra week in our third quarter. In our guidance, we have factored this extra week in both our revenue as well as our operating expenses. Although it is difficult to forecast the revenue impact of this extra week, we have anticipated a 2% to 3% sequential increase in revenue in our Q3 revenue guidance attributed to the extra week. As we have done previous quarters, we will provide the details of the full impact of the extra week when we exit this quarter.  At this point, let me remind you that in light of regulation FD, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Now let me give you additional details on the Q3 financial guidance. As we have said in the past, forecasting gross margins has always been challenging due to various factors such as volume, product mix, variable component cost, customer and channel mix and competitive pricing pressures. That being said, we believe total gross margin in Q3 will be approximately 64% to 65% reflecting the revenue guidance I just shared with you. With recent acquisitions and our continued growth into some lower margin markets, gross margin could be negatively impacted by product mix. We believe Q3 operating expenses will be approximately 36.5% to 37% of revenue. We expect interest and other income to be approximately negative $10 million to negative $20 million in the third quarter, taking into consideration the interest expense associated with our debt offerings.  Our tax provision rate for Q3 is expected to be approximately 22%. We are modeling share count to be down approximately 25 million shares quarter over quarter in weighted average shares outstanding for EPS purposes. In this estimate of share count, we are not taking into consideration any further change in stock price that could occur in the third quarter of fiscal year '10. While we expect to continue our share repurchase program, it is difficult to predict the exact weighted average shares outstanding. As a point of reference, a $1 movement in our average stock price would change the calculated shares outstanding for purposes of determining earnings per share by approximately $17 million.  We are extremely pleased with our Starent acquisition and the positive customer acceptance. As a reminder to our previous announcement during the close of the transaction, on an average moving forward in the near term we expect the impact of Starent to be slightly dilutive to our non-GAAP EPS by a little less than $0.01 per share on a quarterly basis. Regarding cash flow from operations, we would expect to generate $2 billion to $2.5 billion during the third quarter. For our Q3 FY10 GAAP earnings, we anticipate that GAAP EPS will be $0.06 to $0.08 per share lower than our non-GAAP EPS primarily due to stock compensation expense and acquisition related charges. Please see the slides that accompany this webcast for further detail.  Our GAAP guidance could vary significantly depending upon the potential positive or negative mark-to-market fluctuations relating to our transactions to hedge a portion of the foreign currency consideration for our pending acquisition of Tandberg. Other than those items, there are no other significant differences between GAAP and our non-GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisitions, asset impairments, restructuring, and tax or other events which may or may not be significant. I will now turn the call back over to John.
Frank A. Calderoni: So, Tal, as I mentioned in part of the script, we, as many in the industry have done over the past year, year and a half, pulled down very dramatically on our inventories last year based on what was happening in the economic downturn. And what we've seen in the last couple of quarters is increasing that. If you look at the profile of our inventory overall, it has increased in the last few quarters. It's related primarily for the upturn or the higher volume that we've been driving as well as, as John just mentioned, the continued improvement in our lead time. So if I look at that profile, whether it's raw materials or finished goods, it's nothing unusual based on what we're expecting over the next couple of quarters.
Frank A. Calderoni: Sure. So, Ittai, specifically as it relates to the OpEx from quarter to quarter, as you can see in Q2 over Q1, we have increased our OpEx significantly, 4% quarter on quarter. And that was as we articulated a quarter ago, we were starting to invest in the growth opportunities, and you can see that kind of starting to come through. In addition to that, we also, John, last week said, and he reiterate on this call, talked about 2,000, 3,000 of incremental hires that we intend to do over the next couple of quarters. We've already started some of that hiring, authorized that throughout the quarter, and many of those hires have been extended, some are still in process, and we'll continue to work through that. So that additional cost will begin to come on this quarter. The second thing I will say, and if you look at the magnitude of 2,000 to 3,000, that is fairly significant from quarter on quarter. 1,000 individuals per quarter could be in the range of about, for a full quarter, about $70 million right there in additional fully burden cost. The second thing is we have some other non headcount related costs associated with the growth investments that we're continuing to invest in. Advertising for one, we began again last quarter with a whole campaign around Flip, as well as our video. We're going to continue that throughout the year. We've got prototypes and demos associated with some of our newer products as well as many of the architectures that we're rolling out across our geographies.  We've got costs associated with ERP upgrades. This is on the whole point of operational excellence, investing in capabilities that are going to allow us to continue to improve our business model over this period of time. That's substantial. And then the last thing that I would mention that's factored in there is $125 million in the quarter is related to the extra week that we talked about, that 14th week. 
Frank A. Calderoni: So your question related to the accounting change that we implemented at the beginning of the fiscal year, so last quarter, the first quarter, we said it was approximately $50 million of benefit. In the current quarter, it's about half that, so approximately $25 million. But if you look overall, to the second part of your question, we during periods of economic change up or down, we encourage you to watch sequential numbers. But just once we get into our normal rhythm, which we are back in, we go right back to year over year. So rule of thumb, during the elbows up or down, what we call the tipping point, sequential is important. During normal operations, which I would now say we're moving into, I'd watch year over year numbers in terms of the direction. I would not read as much into a couple of points one way or the other on sequential.
Frank A. Calderoni: So back on the gross margin, I think your question related to the geography and as you know when I mentioned in the script the improvement in margin overall and some of the geographies, I think you're probably referring to the improvement that we saw in the emerging markets which probably had the most dramatic improvement from a quarter-over-quarter standpoint. That clearly has to do with the business that John was just talking about in emerging markets. That business was down for a couple of quarters and based on the volume and based on some of the challenges from a credit perspective overall, that puts pressure on margin. As that business starts to come back, as we saw this past quarter, and the solid business that we had, it really helps us from a margin perspective. That was driving that. Answering your question overall from a margin perspective, as I said, when you start looking at some of the dynamics, a lot of it has to relate to the variability on the mix with some of our business over a period of time as we've seen the last couple of quarters and you saw that going from Q1 to Q2 and the overall margin drop. We start to see consumer, we start to see UCS, we start to see the video business with set top boxes start to have more of a play in that variability.  Over a longer period of time, as we said in the guidance for this coming quarter, as well as longer term, as I mentioned back in December as part of the financial analysts conference, we really have to look at our margins in that 64% to 65% range because of that variability on mix, because of some of the dynamics that occur with pricing as well as with costs on the manufacturing side, and we feel comfortable over that period of time that that range is a reasonable range for us and for you to assume.
Blair Christie: Great. Thank you, John. We're now going to open up the call for questions. We do request that sell side analysts please ask only one question. So Bridget, why don't you go ahead and open it up to the first one.
Blair Christie: He was looking for a clarification on our vendor. Frank A. Calderoni  Yeah, so as far as how we account for it, we do the vendor backed financing. We've had that program in place for a number of years. It runs through our Cisco capital organization where we do offer various types of financing, either directly with Cisco or through of our partners. We account for it based on how we look at making the appropriate reserves based on the credit rating of the vendor that we're working with. We are very conservative in how we account for it over a period of time. We normally take reserves and defer it for the duration of the financing period. So we feel very comfortable with how that continues to be accounted for.
Blair Christie: Great. Thanks, John. Cisco’s next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter of fiscal 2010 results will be on Wednesday, May 12, 2010 at 1:30 pm Pacific time, 4:30 pm Eastern time. Additionally, downloadable Q2 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue segments by product and geography. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets and cash flow statements, can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the financials of the website to access the web cast slides and these documents. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation Fair Disclosure, Cisco plans to retain its long standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. And this concludes our call.
John T. Chambers: A mouthful. Let me go in the sequence that you raised them. The reason for the confidence is when you see this type of balance across every single market segment, across all of our major theaters, across all of our key product areas, and you see the products begin to tie together, that combined with having talked to the government leaders -- that's the great thing about traveling around the world in January in emerging markets and established markets, but also meeting with the leaders from India, China, Mexico, the other parts of Latin America, Europe -- you get a good feel for their business as well and you see both their confidence in their economies as well as their job creation and focus occur. So mathematically, this should indicate a very solid recovery.  That doesn't mean we couldn't do things to misstep in the process, but you look at the numbers and every time we've seen anything close to this we've seen very solid recoveries. This time it was across the board in every category and while I think there are some areas that we could probably be more critical on our sales team about getting more after, it feels very good. And then I think also, Mark, the other reason that you're seeing optimism on Cisco is our technologies tying together, customers get it. And our relationship and the service providers, and we probably talked to 50 of the top service providers in the world in the last two months, and almost every situation, both our technology role is dramatically changing and our business partnership role is dramatically changing. The same thing is true in government and other accounts. So what we can control or influence, room for improvement, and boy, it's really gone very well. You see the almost skyrocketing -- Blair, I hate to use that word, operating income, and you twitch when I say it, but we're back to record profits, and we did that during a very tough time and that's still with allocating a huge amount of our resources to parallel areas, new market adjacencies that don't generate any revenue. So our collaboration model is working.  So longwinded answer to your question, Mark, what we can control or influence, we're hitting on all cylinders and the market overall feels very solid. And I see this across government and business leaders around the world.
John T. Chambers: I'll take as a compliment. And it's not just results, Tal, it's the balance. It's what you're seeing on a global basis.
John T. Chambers: Okay. Let me answer that and then we'll get your question. If you look basically, Tandberg is not going to be part until approved by regulatory approval which will occur hopefully and obviously it's not a given, in the next three to four months and that's pretty much on case with where we're headed, so none of the results had the Tandberg directly or not directly on that and that's still an open issue. In terms of Starent, it was just before Christmas when it closed, so again from an overall results perspective, you had just about a month in terms of this contribution. Having said all of the above, I am going to make a question out of it. What you are seeing is between our moods and mobility, what we're doing at the edge of the networks in video and wireless. You are seeing an architectural play, where a year ago, perhaps, we were exposed in terms of our overall mobility strategy, and today there's not a service provider in the world that doesn't feel we've got our act together pretty well here. So let me stop there and go to what your question is.
John T. Chambers: I'll take the easiest part, the general question. I'll ask for Frank to comment specifically as it relates to inventory. When you rethink about what occurred during this quarter and in prior quarters, both for suppliers to Cisco and suppliers of the market, it always occurs this way. As you start out the market cuts back too much on capacity including losing the people that are able to produce it. As you start back up, you have more challenges with capacity and you also — it's basically on products that might be unique to one vendor or another where we have perhaps 50% more of the market and the challenges get a little bit more in that area. That's just a normal economic recovery. Our lead times did stretch out more than we would like and you saw us bring those back toward the end of the quarter. So let me have Frank comment specifically on the inventory.
John T. Chambers: Yeah. And the number one challenge that I've asked Frank and Randy Pond and Angel Mendez to address is customer sat. I want the lead times tighter. We made good improvements toward the end of the quarter. I'd like to see us continue that. Thanks, Tal.
John T. Chambers: Okay. I think what you're seeing is that switches are often tied to success in the enterprise, government, and commercial markets, all of which went well for us on a global basis. Secondly, I love our product, the market leadership looks good, our innovation engine is going very well. Third is, as you do collaboration and as video starts to take off in integrated data voice video, most customers are looking at switches more than just a concentrator for one element of that. It is the base on which we build our strategies for collaboration, security, video strategies and integration strategies.  So I think part of it is just very good product execution. And Tony, if you're team's listening, we're all excited about the innovation you have planned, and I think it's good execution in our accounts on it. And so I think while it tends to be a little bit lumpy occasionally in this market, I'm very comfortable with where we are in the switching. And I said that last quarter when the numbers were tough, so I think we feel pretty good about it. Rob, anything you'd add to that? Rob Lloyd Just John that we've obviously through the downturn continued to focus on the profitability with our channels and with our partners. I think they've responded very well to those programs. So in addition to end user focus, we've also been focusing on our partners and ensuring that they've got appropriate liquidity around the world and I think that's paid off for us.
John T. Chambers: It really does, because it's basically as you all read, and it was true in the market, for small businesses getting access to capital was a problem both in this country and around the world. And so, Frank, your team has done a very good job on this and it continues to be a good business as well as the right thing to do.
John T. Chambers: Sure. Going in, Simona, in the reverse order that you’ve raised it, our service provider business was very strong around the world. In the US, it was actually, as I said in terms of orders, up over 20% sequentially. In terms of the product side of the house, you are seeing our strength in the core routers. I want to say the CRS and I want to check to be sure on this numbers, we’re up 30% sequentially. So doing very well in our core router segment. The Edge Router, the 9000, is really a hot product, but it takes a while to work through the product cycle. So as you start to put that into carriers, they put it into key pilot locations, then it begins to expand out beyond it, but we are, I think, by far and away the industry leader now at the edge in which Rob, we were not before. The ASR 1000, I gave you the numbers. Between the ASR 1000 and 9000, I think if I remember right, we had about 1,200 customers a quarter ago, 1,600 today. So we're doing very, very well. We're probably going to break a little bit more the lower edge access into different categories in future calls, so we can talk about the CRS, the Edge routing, the access routing a little bit differently. In terms of our business and service providers, we've moved to an architectural business partner with them and while it might surprise you, I gave you the numbers of service providers. Only about a third of our business in service providers is now routing. About a fourth of it is now switching. You then talk about security and services and others. We're playing architecturally across the board very, very well with them.  To the first part of your question, even though the numbers for us are very large in service providers, I think there's some quarters where video might have a good quarter. That was clearly this quarter. There are other quarters that if I were to call next quarter, I'd be surprised if our router volume was not up very strongly in service providers. So even as big as we are, it might swing in groups, and I think the key takeaway here, relationship with the service providers, you talk to any of them, our relationship almost without exception is improving and share of wallet is improving and market share is improving. So, very comfortable in our strategy interaction, but I very much appreciate the healthy, healthy constructive questions, Simona.
John T. Chambers: So on a transactional level, we got aggressive in our hiring over a quarter ago. This last quarter, our headcount increased by about 2,100 people and about half of those were from acquisitions, about half from regular hirings. But what I'm most comfortable with is, Frank, with the job you're doing in terms of, we used to do this within sales and as an afterthought to do it to engineering and then if the product really did well, we did it in service, then we'd think about channels. We now move as a group and we make investment across the entire company at the same time and Frank does that unbelievably well, best we've ever done in terms of as we put incremental money in place, it isn't just about one aspect. It goes across the board on it. Ittai, thank you.
John T. Chambers: Yeah. I don't know if we gave you the customer numbers for last quarter. We gave you the revenues. We said the business doubled from last quarter, but I would expect probably the customers more than doubled, but let's keep the math simple. The business doubled from last quarter and our customers are up to 400 and on the next quarter we'll give you a little bit more detail. In terms of the basis for the Nexus, in terms of a $1billion run rate, I feel very comfortable we'll be on that in this calendar year. In fact, we are rapidly closing on that already. So in terms of the datacenter area, we're starting to win the architectural battles, you're seeing the value on DCE with EMC and VMware, you're seeing that it isn't about server standalone technology. We have no interest in that, but architectural plays. We're off to a good start. We've got some tough competition there, but I like the way the hand plays out. And even Frank would say my forecast I just gave you on a billion this year was probably sandbagged Frank even more than your cash flow projections periodically are by quarter.
John T. Chambers: All of the above. If you look at the quarter coming up to us in front, it's traditionally a very solid quarter for service providers for us from a seasonal point of view. It also speaks to the service providers feeling more comfortable with their business and more comfortable candidly with government regulations within their business. And I do think you'll see a very good balance although it tends to be a little bit more this next quarter, Rob, if I were looking out, more routers if we look into our forecast and begin to break it down. But no, I think it's a very good balance across the board and remember again the mix that I gave you earlier with only about a third of service provider business being routing, substantial part being video, substantial part being switches, et cetera. - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it, thanks.
John T. Chambers: Okay. So if you look overall geography wise, the US absolutely led early in the economic recovery, and if you watch on the numbers with our growth being up approximately 17% year over year, that was an extremely strong number. But it was very well balanced across our enterprise, commercial accounts, federal business, et cetera, within the category. But you saw very good movement in the emerging markets being from down in the high 20s just a quarter or two ago and very painful to flat. And as I shared with you on the tours I made through the emerging markets in meeting with a lot of the government and business leaders in emerging markets just last week, that's headed in the right direction. Asia Pacific is beginning to pick up very good balance using our approach. And China and India, China did the best stimulus spending in my opinion in the world and positioning for that. They spent it quickly, they realigned their resources quickly. You saw the business turn up earlier, their growth this quarter was in the high teens. India, their elections occurred in May. They needed to get stability. We said that's going to cause a little bit of lagging. You did see the last quarter their growth in the low 20s. So I think you are seeing very good balance around the world. Japan, I'm not quite as optimistic on the economy, but candidly Edzard and team are executing off the charts over there in terms of direction.
John T. Chambers: And so if you look at TelePresence, it is the tip of the iceberg for catching what collaboration means, and so it is the way of getting people to understand collaboration, expansion. We're up over 550 customers. You'll see us announce this year our first customers in the 100 million and probably well beyond type of announcement. Customers do get the balance between the value of Cisco TelePresence at the high end and Tandberg at the middle and access level and the interoperability and the openness between the two. So I'm very comfortable with where we are in TelePresence and the momentum and it's accelerating within our own use. 
John T. Chambers: I'm sorry, Paul. I'm usually not that direct. Blair kicked me underneath the table. We will do an in-depth discussion of TelePresence for the next quarter. Forgive my directness on that.
John T. Chambers: It's a fair question, Paul. If you look at it, basically in the emerging markets and some of the areas that aren't emerging, we're seeing some very good but very tough price competition from some of our competitors out of China, and we also are anticipating successful launches in home TelePresence, I don't avoid your topic, and the implementation and in the early movement into new markets. And each time we've entered new markets and product areas where we've not been before, at first the margins aren't quite what we would like, but then they build up over a period of time. So when I'm modeling Cisco, I would hold us accountable as a leadership team to stay in the 64%, 65% range. There might be short periods where we're a little bit above and short periods below, but that's kind of what Frank and I are trying to balance on it. So I don't get particularly excited or over concerned in a quarter when it's just a little bit above it or below it.
John T. Chambers: No. It's across the board and it's often in turnkey scenarios. Somebody can go in and bid a whole architecture for mobile and we're hitting per piece of it. So pricing pressure, that's how a certain set of competitors will come at you. Some others will come at you with specific products, especially startups. Others will come at us on the total systems integration type of approach and I think we're just seeing more systems play than before and within the systems play there's going to be more advanced services and other categories, Paul.  So we're really positioned well in this, but I think we are seeing different ways that competitors are coming at us and price will always be one of the elements they come at us on.
John T. Chambers: Let me take a little bit of cut at it, but I want to also not mislead you. We’re just up to 400 customers. Most of those are doing pilots and implementation. How the first couple dozen go in the big account service providers and enterprise to determine how your next wave goes. Why we’re winning, it’s an architectural play. First, it’s a very world class product which in my opinion, one that is well ahead of our competitors at this point in time. But it’s the architecture and how the network and processing capability and storage capability comes together with the applications and the cloud. And the ability to build the architectures where many of the costumers are doing this.  Others are doing it and we’ve been surprised a little bit we’re off in the commercial marketplace with some real leading edge commercial customers just saying, hey, you save so much in terms of my storage costs, so much on flexibility, and you’re headed to where you’re going to go without locking me in and best in class products in each category, we’re going to align with you. I probably would say, I owe Paul a discussion on TelePresence for the next quarter call. We’re probably two quarters out from being able to do the same meaningful discussion on the UCS side of the house. So what I think you can say is that we’re not only holding our own in the data center and virtualization. Padma, what you started with Cloud and what we’re really driving through, we’re having very good success with. But again, in summary, we’re going to have a great set of competitors in each product category area. And the good news is, we do not lack for competitors at all across many areas, talking literally dozens of different competitors in different product categories.
John T. Chambers: The exciting part is, we started in each of these market adjacencies, and very few people, I think, both inside and outside the company understood how sports and entertainment ties to music, ties to film, ties to Flip video, ties to the home entertainment capability and then the virtual capability itself, installing capability, any device to any content. And that’s clearly the road that Ned’s taken us on in terms of the architecture. But each of our groups are now starting to come together on it. And customers get it, that’s the exciting thing.  So we’ll see if it plays out as well as we think. This is a new arena for us. And I’m sure we’re going to do some things brilliantly. And then we’re probably going to make some mistakes. If we knew what the mistakes are, we wouldn’t make them. But I feel very good with where you’re taking us, Ned, but also how well you’re working with Dan Scheinman's group, how well you worked with our core group, the service providers as well.
John T. Chambers: Well, the exciting thing is, John, I feel very good in terms of the growth in all the categories that we talked about. And while the consumer is still a relatively small percentage of our business, actually I think what Ned and Jonathan have been able to do there looks very good as well.  Some quarters tend to be more service provider oriented, some tend to be more enterprise oriented. Some of them, depending on which countries and it swings up or down or not, but I think you now see why we’ve been so comfortable with the 12% to17% long term growth guidance is that we are very well balanced across each of these categories. And we’re the only player that has not only invested and bet across each of these segments from the consumer to the commercial to the service provider to the enterprise with a strategy that actually ties any device to any content anywhere in the world. That’s going to be hard to replicate by others.  So when you think about my view of saying growth in the 12% to 17% level is just a B plus, A minus type of execution for us over the next two to three years assuming no more GDP growth, you see why the confidence is there. I don’t look too much to one quarter slightly up or down, or did we pull -- do we have a little bit of capabilities in this quarter as we load lead times versus another quarter. You put the two quarters together, they are extremely aggressive. And I think our trends are very good.  So assuming there’s not a surprise in the market, I feel very good about our direction and momentum, John. Wouldn’t read anything into caution on any category. And I don’t see a problem with any of our major market segments or candidly any of our major countries. I think we’re executing pretty well in most of them.
John T. Chambers: Well, we’re moving to a fiscal year annual guide in terms of a 12% to 17% number. And that’s during normal times. We have some quarters coming up that have very good comps year over year. And we clearly forecast with that with 23% to 26% growth this next quarter.  And we said there, and thank you for the clarification, Paul, on it, that we wanted a couple quarters more before we begin to think about are we in that range sustainable. I think we will be, barring an economic surprise or barring a missed execution from our side on the over approach. So again, if you take a step back, the quarter was probably as balanced as I’ve ever seen at Cisco, especially given the trends sequentially as well as year over year. We’ll now move back into thinking a year at a time. We don’t run this company on this month or this quarter or even this year. We are going to run it on the growth rates for the long term and growth rates to the top and bottom line within the balance, that we are going to move aggressively on movements into new market segments, market adjacencies, and we’re going to spend the money to get there.  And we’ll try to give you a better feel for when we’re more comfortable with the overall global economy being sustainable. Clearly, the signals to us were extremely good this quarter. And I’m hard pressed to think of a single country leader or government leader, business leader that I’ve called on that wasn’t more optimistic about their country momentum or their business momentum now versus just even six months in terms of direction. So a couple more quarters net and I think we’ll give you a long term guidance. We’ll have to decide, Frank, do we -- yeah, we want to give long term guidance and by quarter. That’s kind of, I think, more than most, what other people are doing. But we’ll take a hard look at the balance. So, I want to thank everyone today for the time. I am very much appreciative of the confidence you’ve shown in Cisco. We’re doing our best to show you the results from it. And I want to congratulate the Cisco team on a very good execution.  So, Blair, let me turn it over to you for the close.
