Chuck Robbins: Yes. Before we get into Q&A, I just wanted to send our condolences to those impacted by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria. It’s been absolutely devastating to watch as the death toll has climbed and we are working closely with our teams in the region to give them support and help on the ground as much as we can. We just want to let them know that we are all thinking about them and we are here to help.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Ittai, thanks for the question. And shockingly enough, that was the first question I expected. So let me just summarize sort of what we are seeing and then I can give you more detail. But number one, let’s start with the fact that our demand is stable and that’s first. Based on the sequentials that we saw, demand remained stable. And in fact, if you look out at our Q3 forecast, which we normally wouldn’t give you, the current forecast in Q3 is also in line with historical ranges of sequentials. So that’s the first piece. The second thing is, as Scott said, while we – backlog came down 6% sequentially. It was up year-over-year, and we expect that we will end the fiscal year even with the guidance we gave you today with a backlog that’s roughly double what we would normally end the year with. The other thing to take into consideration is the business transformation with 44% of our revenue now recurring really helps a great deal. And we have $23 billion of ARR, which we can actually renew in the next 12 months. So if you go back 8 or 9 years ago, we might have had to take orders for 75% of our revenue in any given quarter. And now we have 44% of our revenue coming from the balance sheet and recurring revenue. So all that said, we actually believe that we will still be able to deliver. We’re confident that we will deliver positive growth in fiscal ‘24, obviously, with pretty significant comps based on the guidance that we gave today.
Chuck Robbins: Well, as I said, the – our enterprise and commercial business, which is reflective of how most of our peers represent enterprise, that was up double digits sequentially, which is in line with our historical. And public sector actually performed better than – it was above our historical ranges during the quarter. So the other thing I would point out is that our quarter itself from a linearity perspective was quite normal, and we actually had a – we’re unique in that we had the January month in our Q2. And one of the questions that we had was what’s going to happen to budget as we enter into calendar ‘23. And we clearly – we actually finished stronger than we started the quarter. So those are just a few data points for you. And I think if you look at what our customers are focused on right now, I mean think about some of their top products. They have got a complete rearchitecture of their applications to be cloud native running in both public and/or private clouds. They are having to rearchitect their infrastructure to actually deal with the changing traffic patterns that multi-cloud brings to them. They are dealing with hybrid work and how do I transform our IT infrastructure for that. They are dealing with cybersecurity threats on a massive scale, and they are also all focused on sustainability, which is leading to our IoT business growing significantly as we connect industrial systems for our customers. So if you think about those big five trends, we’re actually in the middle of those with all of our customers. So we feel good about where we are. And the last thing I’ll say is that I was in Tokyo and Singapore last week and at the same time, A lot of our – my leadership team were in Amsterdam for Cisco Live Europe, and no one is talking about cutting technology spending right now. Everybody seems very committed to it. I think the underlying power of technology as it relates to all of our organization strategy is just too strong right now.
Chuck Robbins: Meta, thank you. So we are probably, I’d say, still in the early innings of transitioning the traditional portfolio to subscription models. The team is working hard on that right now. And we will just continue to keep you updated. But I think we’re several quarters away from really having anything to speak about relative to the size of that business, but we’re working hard on being able to deliver that. And the key is to give customers flexibility. That’s what – over the last 7 years or so, we have disaggregated hardware and software and silicon. We virtualized software to run on x86 appliances. So we want to give our customers whatever kinds of flexibility that they would like. So that’s the first part. On the M&A side, I would say our strategy, as you would expect, has not changed. I think the market dynamics have changed, and I think that the longer valuations remain somewhat muted from their peaks. I think some of the companies are probably coming to more of a real position on what – how long these valuations may exist and were prior valuations even realistic in the first place. So we continue to stay aware of what’s going on. We continue to scan the marketplace, but our strategy remains the same.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I’ll make a couple of comments, and Scott, I don’t know if you want to give any detail. But I would say that our customers are increasingly balanced around how they are thinking about private cloud versus public cloud. And so we’ve seen continued focus on revitalizing the private data center infrastructure. And I’ll let Scott speak to – I’m not sure on the infrastructure side or UCS, if you want to share that. But the other thing I would point out, Simon, as I said in my comments earlier about market share, everything that we sell in the infrastructure within web scale flows into our routing market share numbers and our routing business. So it doesn’t actually boost our data center switching the way we report it. So it’s a little bit of an apples-and-oranges issue. I just want to make sure you understood that.
Chuck Robbins: And I would say on the demand side, if I go back 90 days, I would say, in general, I think there was more risk, at least there felt like there was more risk. And when I talk to my customers, there is more uncertainty. And even when you hear – listen to the news and we talk – I talk to my colleagues, we were in Davos, it feels like the longer we go without seeing some major shift, then the better our customers are feeling. So obviously, we are not immune to anything, and we will have to continue to monitor it. But after traveling in Asia last week, our team being in Europe, I actually saw customers in New York while I was here this week, and customers are moving forward.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Tal. So, we – on the enterprise and commercial space, we saw a double-digit sequential growth, which is in line with what we have seen historically. And as I have said, public sector was actually higher than historical ranges and Federal was – U.S. Federal was extremely strong during the quarter from a demand perspective. On the service provider side, I think you are seeing many of our competitors and peers, some of them anyway, don’t give order data. And so I think for us, those customers are the ones who did the most planning for long-term ordering. So, as lead times begin to come down, we would expect them to change their ordering patterns and they have already got 6 months to 12 months’ worth of consumption lined up in the backlog. So, we will see that normalize over the next few quarters. I will say in the web scale space, there are roughly 35 use cases or franchises within the largest players, and we have actually been designed into 18 of those at this point. And we are very confident that we will continue to get designed in. I got a note today that we had just got noticed about a new design win today. And so we are still very optimistic long-term, we just think it’s a short-term normalization for our service provider space.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Well, if you think about what occurred, there was a lot of companies that had a massive surge in employment, and we didn’t. But I think the thing that we are seeing right now is that we have seen the sequential growth be in line and some – like it was towards the lower end. So, it’s not performing at the highest end, but I think that it’s in range. And if you – and I also shared that in Q3, our current forecast is also in line sequentially with historical ranges, which we normally don’t give. We just wanted you guys to have that visibility. So look, it’s certainly an uncertain time, and I am not – I don’t want to paint a picture that we are immune. And I don’t want to paint a picture that every customer is spending everywhere on everything. But we have been able to maintain and continue to see our customers moving forward with projects. And the one thing that was really encouraging for me was to see January as strong as it was, given our – the uncertainty around ‘23 budgets.
Chuck Robbins: Thanks Tim. So first one, on enterprise campus, I do think that the pandemic was a great educator for our customers about the need to maintain modernized infrastructure because moving into the pandemic, I think it became quite obvious to many of our customers that they had not been updating, and they had – they were sweating assets a little longer. So, that’s one thing that’s shifted. The second is we are really seeing – these trends of multi-cloud, the trend of hybrid work and the overall re-architecture of their networks. If you really think about what – how we built networks for 20 years, we built it on a premise that we have branches and we have a private data center, and all the traffic flows are very understood. Now, I have to upgrade my entire infrastructure to deal with this brand-new world that I live in, supporting hybrid work, supporting hybrid cloud, etcetera. So, I think that’s been driving a lot of this as well as safety in the office, IoT, creating new experiences to get our employees back to work, etcetera. So, that’s what I think has been driving a lot of the enterprise campus stuff. As it relates to your second question around the AI play, I think that look, these AI networks that are being built, whether it’s in web scale or whether we have some of our largest enterprise customers that are building AI networks and training AI algorithms, these are – like in the web scale space, they are like bigger than the core infrastructure networks that they are running, which was astonishing to me when I learned that. And the network performance required is 3x to 4x what they have historically needed. And so this is a massive opportunity for us and we are in active discussions with lots of customers around it. And so we do think that this shift is going to create a good opportunity for us in the future.
Chuck Robbins: Well, first off, I just want to thank everybody for spending time with us today and also really thank our teams. They delivered on very strong results. I want to thank the supply chain and our engineering teams for quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter of hard work and redesigns, over 100 product redesigns, aggressive actions to get us to the position we are in today, the entire company for the progress we have made on our business transformation. And I will just leave you with our feeling that our demand has remained stable. The business transformation is contributing significantly, our backlog, all of those give us the visibility and confidence in the future. I think the relevance of our portfolio, given the most pressing needs of our customers, is as high as it’s been in a very long time, and I am super proud of what our teams have accomplished. So, look forward to talking to you in the future and thanks for joining us today.
Scott Herren: No, not at all, Ittai. But what I would say is it’s obviously too early for us to guide fiscal ‘24. What we wanted to give you confidence is we have better visibility than we’ve ever had in the past, both from the backlog and the $17 billion – almost $17 billion of RPO that’s current, that’s going to turn into revenue in the next 12 months in the ARR. But – and we’re going to roll in backlog that’s roughly double what it normally would be at the end of the year. So we have good confidence in where we’re headed in fiscal ‘24. I think it’s a bit too early given where we are in the year just at the end of our second quarter for us to be a little more precise on that.
Scott Herren: Yes. Campus is doing well for us. And the supply chain – while I don’t want to leave the perception that supply chain just got better. Our supply chain team and our product engineering teams have worked pretty relentlessly over the last several quarters with product redesign, with qualifying alternative components, with working with our suppliers to get to their subcomponents to make sure we could free this up so that the increase in supply that’s leading to some of the share gains that we’re talking about is the result of a lot of hard work by a lot of people inside the company. And I think, frankly, it puts us in a better position than many of our peers in the industry right now from a supply chain standpoint. But – the longer answer. The short answer is, yes, we’re doing quite well in that space. And as we continue to deliver what we’ve just laid out as our guidance for the second half of this year, I think you’ll continue to see share gain grow for us.
Scott Herren: Yes. The midpoint of the guide for the April quarter is about a 10 basis point improvement from the quarter we just announced. So we do see gross margins improving, and it’s largely driven by – it’s less driven by cost. We’re seeing some reduction in costs around logistics, in particular, but component costs are kind of staying where they are in most cases. It’s more driven by the fact that as we ship the backlog more and more of what we ship, reflects the price increases that we put in place last year. So I think you’ll see gross margins potentially continue to expand from where they are, maybe as much as 50 basis points in Q4.
Scott Herren: Yes. I mean as you talk long-term, there is a number of tailwinds that will come into gross margin, so not necessarily talking about our guide for fiscal ‘23, but longer term, there are several things that are going to be a tailwind there. One is continuing to work our way through the backlog and reflect the price increases. I think we will continue to see leverage and logistics costs, both from a reduction in the freight cost per kilo but also in the mix of how we shift between what has supply airfreight and what will go in the ocean. So I think we will see some leverage there as well. I don’t see a lot of our component providers outside of commodity areas like memory lining up to reduce cost to us, right? So I think it will be the combination of mix that will be beneficial to us and some cost leverage in the non-component areas that will drive that north.
Scott Herren: Long-term, there is definitely leverage to push it back to where it’s been historically, for sure, and if not beyond.
Scott Herren: No, that’s a really good point. And on UCS, if that’s the root of your question, Simon, we are seeing nice growth in UCS as well. And at least based on our calculations, we feel like we’re gaining share there as well.
Scott Herren: It’s a great question, Simon. And we actually did see – if you noticed, our overall software revenue grew 10% this quarter, so back to double-digit growth. And some of that growth is on the back of shipping some of the backlog out, both the hardware and the software that’s had in backlog. So we are seeing the benefit of shipping that out. At the same time, as Chuck said earlier, demand remains steady. And so our overall backlog, while it came down only about 6% sequentially, there is still a significant amount of software stock in that backlog, some of it attached to hardware.
Scott Herren: Just to finish up on that pipeline looks strong, close rates still look good. So we’re not seeing a huge difference there. There is, in some cases, a slight elongation. On the redesign, that’s absolutely contributed to the growth that we’re seeing, particularly in secure agile networks, less so from – in terms of releasing the next successor product, more being able to design around problematic components that we couldn’t get supply of. And as we work those redesigns to build the product around components, we can get our hands on, that’s what we’re talking about when we talk about the redesign. And so there is no question, that’s driven some of the growth that you saw in the quarter we just announced. We will continue to drive the significant growth that we’ve put out for the second half. And to be clear, we will continue to see growth into fiscal ‘24. All the trends we have talked about that are driving the uptick that you see in our guidance in the second half of this year, those trends continue into fiscal ‘24, and we continue to expect nice growth there. I just think it’s a little too early to start to quantify that and give you a guide.
Scott Herren: Yes. George, I will take that, Chuck, and then you can jump in. I don’t think it is burning down backlog. We clearly are – the good news is we are able to ship more of the backlog. That’s good news for our customers. They are waiting for these components. They have got projects that they are holding up that they need to get done. It’s good news for our channel in a sense that the channel is sitting on, in some case, partial shipments. They need that last box, so they can go out and implement that and relieve some of the pressure on their own working capital. So, it’s not – I am responding to the burning down backlog. This is good news, our ability to ship the backlog, and that’s what you see reflected there in the guide down – or sorry, in the guide up that we have in the second half of the year. We have – what you see now is a significantly higher revenue projection for the second half of the year than we had before. And some of that clearly is our ability to ship backlog because of the great job our team has done to free up supply.
Scott Herren: Yes. So, let me try and walk through some of the moving parts there, David. It’s a great question. What we said previously is we thought we would end the year with somewhere between 2x and 3x normal backlog. And normal backlog, as we said last quarter, is between $4 billion and $5 billion at the end of the year. What we now see is that it’s still going to be roughly double what that same range. So, there is definitely our ability to ship some out of the backlog, which is again, great news for our customers and our partners. The one piece that’s missing in your equation is, as we ship the backlog, remember, we said there is more than $2 billion of software in there. A lot of that software is ratable. So, as soon as we ship it, it doesn’t all drop into the revenue stream. It ends up dropping into deferred revenue and being recognized over time. So, there is a – you have to consider not just the reduction in backlog, what’s the uptick in the revenue guide, but also how much of this is going to contribute to growth in deferred revenue. That may be the piece that you are missing.
Scott Herren: Rather than try to say it’s a quarter or it’s two quarters, I do expect it to normalize in fiscal ‘24.
Scott Herren: Yes. Well, you are close. Let me run through it again, Tal, and if it’s still not clear, we can catch in the follow-up. The 6% was the decline in backlog from Q1 to Q2, right. So, we were able to work off about 6% of the backlog that we came into the quarter with. What we have said is, at the time that we gave you that Q2 guide in the full year, the previous full year guide, we expected to end the year with somewhere between 2x and 3x our normal backlog. We are not saying it’s going to be roughly double the normal backlog. Some of that, obviously, will ship out and will be a part of the significant guide up that we have given you in the second half revenue. Some of it, instead of turning into immediate revenue, will go into deferred revenue and be recognized ratably over time.
Scott Herren: I hope that’s – yes, it will show up in deferred revenue and RPO. I hope that’s clear, Tal, if not, we can follow-up.
Scott Herren: Yes. Internet for the Future, Samik, it is one of the spaces. We have worked so hard and done so much across our entire product portfolio. So, we have made great progress in many cases. I would say Internet for the Future is one of the spaces where we are still – we have improved lead times there, but we are still not back to more normal lead times in that space. What I would also say though, is we have already picked up orders just in the last several weeks from some of our peers that are also selling into that same space who couldn’t meet demand. And those orders came to us instead. So, while – it’s a space we continue to work on. And while we are seeing improvement, it’s not where we want it to be, I feel like we are performing pretty well on the supply side and Internet for the Future.
