Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Mark. Welcome, everyone, to Cisco's First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO; and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now, you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be made available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. As a reminder, effective in Q1, we began reporting our revenue in the following categories: Infrastructure Platforms, Applications, Security, Other Products and Services. As discussed in our Q4 earnings call and in our October 23 press release, this change better aligns our product categories with our evolving business model. Our segments will continue to be based on geographies which consists of the Americas, EMEA, and APJC. So, this change only impacts how we report revenue by product category. We've include quarterly reclassified revenue amounts for the last three fiscal years on our website. Click on the financial reporting section of the website to access these statements. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results, and we'll discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be made on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements including the guidance we will be providing for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K, which identifies important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Kelly. Mark, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. And of course while Mark is doing that, I'd like to go ahead and remind the audience that we ask you to ask one question so that we have plenty of time for others in the audience to address questions to Chuck and Kelly.
Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Chuck. Cisco's next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect our fiscal 2018 second quarter results will be on Wednesday, February 14, 2018, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact the Cisco Investor Relations department. And we thank you very much for joining the call today.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes. Thanks, Pierre. Great question. Yes, so the vast majority of the impact on our gross margin is driven by memory. It is basically 1.3 points of my product gross margin decline year over year. Everything else in our gross margin is basically in the normal ranges. So we expect that to continue. When you look at the guidance, we did bring it down 0.5 point to account for that because we are still seeing increases as we look forward – moving forward, but otherwise we kind of see everything else in the normal range of things.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, so, Paul, yes, I mean, obviously we're trying to go to new groupings. But – and just to give you some color, I mean, we continue to see the double-digit growth that we've been talking about of our ACI portfolio continue in the strong double digits. And overall data center was certainly up from a revenue perspective.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, I'll just hit the Cisco ONE. Cisco ONE continues to have great momentum. We're over 22,000 customers at this point with that so still great momentum.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, hey, George. Thanks for the question. Yes, right now we're still seeing it around that 2% range. We expect the headwind to grow once we continue to grow the intuitive network [The Network. Intuitive.] that has a subscription. As that grows, that'll grow. But right now it's in that 2% range – 1.5% to 2% range, and we expect that to be roughly in that range next quarter as well.
Kelly A. Kramer: And just to add to that and just to be clear, 100% of the switches we're selling come with a subscription. It's just the difference in what additional features and security are added between the Advantage and the Essentials.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes. I mean, I'd just say advanced threat and unified threat, as well as even web security, they're all up big double digits. I mean, just really strong growth.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes. I'll take that one. What I'd say is in terms of acquisitions, the tax policy isn't impacting us either way, because we are lucky to have a great cash flow and access to capital. So it hasn't been stopping us from anything from an acquisition perspective. And it won't, so that will continue. I would say we're definitely encouraged by the progress that's going on on the tax reform. So like we said in the past, when that happens, and if we get a repatriation, which both plans currently have, we're going to continue like we have, growing our dividend with our earnings growth and where we have opportunity is really to get much more aggressive than we have been on the share buyback. And, of course, we want to make sure we continue to have enough fire power to continue to be able to do the right acquisitions to help us position Cisco right for the long term.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes. Sure. I mean, I'll give you some color. I'd say it's a combination of things, right? I mean, if I go to the amount of revenue coming off the balance sheet from the progress we've been steadily making on growing our software and subscriptions, it's now up to 12% of our product revenue. It's now coming from recurring offers and off the balance sheet, so that's helping. I would say also the launch that we had on The Intuitive. Network. and the excitement around the reinvention of the core is having an impact. So we're encouraged and you've heard me mention, we're seeing positive demand momentum in campus switching overall, which is great, and that has a big impact, because it's one of the biggest pieces of our portfolio. So that, combined with pretty good orders like we had in Q1, gives us a very good backlog position that allows us to have a good view into what the next quarter looks like. So I'd say, overall, the overall strategy, what we've been executing and talking about for the last couple of years here is we've been making progress and all of this is benefiting us in the outlook.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yes, I'll take the first part. I'd say no. We're still, I'd say, growing the base of the offers faster and putting it on the balance sheet than it's coming off. But, again, both the year-over-year increase of the balance, the $5.2 billion was up 37% and my income statement was up 37% as well. But I'm still putting more and more offers and as we get scale through the core networking, not just on switching but the whole DNA Center, I think that'll continue to add. So it's still going be a headwind. And as I said before, this 1.5 to 2 points will move to more like a 2 to 3 points in the upcoming years as we get more scale there. So more to come but, again, we're again benefiting from – we're starting to see the benefit of just having more stability and being able to have a better line of sight and less massive fluctuations by having that.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, Mark. Thanks for the question. So clearly, we're pleased with where we're going right now with this product portfolio. We're pleased with the early feedback. I'll tell you that our sales teams, our partners and our customers are very excited about the architecture that we've announced. It's still one quarter. So we have to get a little more time under our belt but what I will tell you is that when we look back at a transition like the 3850 years and years ago, it's very much in line. And I think that as more customers have the opportunity to test the automation and programmability and all of the software features that they're testing right now, we would hope that the platform continues to accelerate. So one quarter down but we feel good about where we are.
Charles H. Robbins: Well, thanks, Steve. So what I said in the script is that a vast majority of our customers that are buying these platforms are opting for the advanced and I would say that it's a vast majority. We knew when we introduced a subscription on a switch that we needed to ensure that there was unique innovation that was available to our customers in order for them to see value in that. We couldn't just simply shift the capabilities that they had gotten before in a perpetual model. We needed to drive new innovation. So the anchors that are in that advanced subscription are the overall automation capability, which really gets at the OpEx of running these networks. And the second part is the encrypted traffic analytics where we can determine when there's malware inside encrypted traffic without decrypting it. And we think that those two are phenomenal incremental capabilities that our customers didn't have before and I think that's why we're seeing such a high attach rate. So we're very pleased with where we are on that as well.
Charles H. Robbins: So, Vijay, thanks for the question. We've been talking about this for several calls now, about how we reengaged with the large web scale providers back right after I became CEO. And these are long processes as they made major architectural decisions and they have franchises that you're trying to reenter. But if you look at – whether it's the announcements we made with Microsoft a couple of quarters ago, the announcement we made with Google, you alluded to Alibaba, which there's a summary of that win on our website if you want to go see that. It's our first insertion there, and actually it was before the large sales day that they experienced I think last week. And so we continue to make progress and we're continuing to execute on what I told you that we're executing on over the last year and a half, which is trying to go deeper. I think the other thing that has become eminently clear is that these large web scale providers realize that it is going be a multi-cloud world and they definitely have come to the conclusion that the edge is going be mission critical for our customers going forward. And as they think about that, we are very natural – we're the very natural partner for them to partner with as the network is the only common denominator across all these cloud environments all the way out to the edge of our enterprise customer's network. So we're just continuing to execute against what we set out two years ago and we hope to continue to see success.
Charles H. Robbins: And I think, Paul, from a perspective of the web scale, it's really just what I described. We're in discussions with all of them. We have made announcements with several of them. And we continue to execute against our strategy and it's – – these are large franchises. There's two facets. And if you remember on a call back two or three calls back, I said that we're now expanding our discussions into 360-degree relationship discussions. The Google announcement was reflective of that comment, because not only are we working on their infrastructure but we're also working significantly on this multi-cloud enablement, hybrid cloud enablement and helping bridge our customers, their premises-based solutions, their edge-based solutions, their cloud applications, their SaaS applications. And so we're continuing to execute on that right now.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, Ittai, so thanks for your comments by the way. On the hyperconverged offer, our HyperFlex offer, I would tell you that it has continued to probably be at the high end of my expectations. I'd say couple of quarters ago it began to exceed what I was expecting so I changed my expectations and it's – but they're doing a great job. The teams are doing well. I think we know the use cases where it's very competitive and I think that it continues to – they continue to operate at the high end of what I expected from them. So we're very pleased with that. On the question relative to SD-WAN, I think you nailed it right. Our customers – and we've talked about this for a couple of calls – our customers have been trying to assess what this SD-WAN architectural transition looks like. And I think that after we acquired Viptela, we have now – at our sales meeting we provided tremendous clarity to our sales organization and our partner community at the Partner Summit about what our strategy is. We've now taken customers through the road maps of what they can expect and how to position the different alternatives that we have and how those portfolios are going to come together over the next 12 to 18 months. So I think that it is a by-product of the SD-WAN discussion. And I would expect that we'll start to see customers move somewhat this quarter and then in the second half of the year, I think our customers will continue to begin to deploy some of these solutions. So, again, happy with where we are relative to the positioning of the different platforms.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes. So, Tal, thanks for the question. Let me break it down. So the advanced subscription today is primarily being sold on the new Catalyst 9000, even though it's backwards compatible with a couple of years' worth of our – I don't know, two, three years' worth of products that we've shipped in wireless and in routing, et cetera. But what the customers are doing right now is they're basically becoming accustomed to the platform. They're testing the platform before they make an investment on any sort of backwards compatibility, is what I would tell you. I don't think we need to make any changes right now because the attach rate of the most advanced subscription offer is at the very high end of what I would have expected. So I think we're very pleased with where it is right now. And assuming we execute on the value and the innovation that our customers continue to gain from that, then I think that we'll begin to see them then buy the subscriptions on some of their install base as well. That would be our intent.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes. James, just to clarify one point or just add to actually, when Kelly says 12% of our product revenue is coming from recurring offers, just to put that in perspective, when I became CEO it was 6%, so we've effectively doubled that. And I think that's certainly helpful, and just we're seeing positive feedback on the launch. So, I'm sorry that was Simon. I apologize, Simon.
Charles H. Robbins: So, thanks for the question, Jeff. I think that if you look at some of the performance we saw around the world, to your point, in Europe and Asia we've talked about Huawei's activity over the last couple of quarters, I would say that our teams have been very focused on it. I think that the intuitive network [The Network. Intuitive.] launch that we did in June really changes the discussion. And where we compete with competitors who their value prop is up front cost of the hardware, I think we're changing the discussion, because if you look at the cost of operating this infrastructure over a five-year period, it's probably 10X the cost of the upfront hardware. So going and helping our customers really reduce that is a value proposition that helps us change the discussion relative to the competition. So they continue to be very tough but we think that competing on the price of the box upfront is something that we can shift over the next couple of years.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, Erik, thanks for that. So at our Financial Analyst Conference this summer, we articulated a long range guide in line with what you just described. We're going to have quarters that are going to vary from that but that's definitely our long-term objective. And I think our teams are focused now on what is it we need to do for the next wave of this architecture? Once we have this architecture built where we can actually defend and apply real-time defense against known threats, we can learn about a threat through malware and e-mail, and we can protect against it in the network, in the cloud, in the devices at the endpoint all at the same time. So the teams are working hard to continue to drive innovation there but also looking at what other elements can we fit into this architecture over time. And I think that's how we think about the long-term guide.
Charles H. Robbins: And, Jim, just the market segment perspective that is probably pretty clear. We saw service provider pretty much the same as it has been for some period of time. Our largest enterprise customers, which the way we define it is really just is an organizational segment that we have. We did see – we saw negative mid single digits there, which you saw in the slides. In our commercial business, we saw 12% growth on a global basis and it was double digits in every geography, which is always good to see. Our enterprise customers what I would tell you is that they're some of the biggest customers who take the longest amount of time to evaluate new platforms and new capabilities like The Network. Intuitive. as well as this whole SD-WAN discussion. So we're actively in those discussions with the enterprise customers. And our commercial customers tend to just move more quickly than others. And then finally, on the public sector side, which we didn't talk about a lot, I think the big call out there I would say is that two quarters ago we talked about the pressure in the federal business. Last quarter we said we saw it improving and what I would tell you is that in this quarter we saw the year-end it seemed fairly normal. While they still have a lot of leadership roles that haven't been filled and we still have the impending December debt ceiling issue overall for this quarter we saw the federal business pretty much back to what we expected as we closed the quarter. So that's probably the commentary I could provide on the market segments.
Charles H. Robbins: Okay. I'll wrap it. Thanks, everyone again for joining us today. I just want to wrap with a few points. First off, we are committed to executing on this vision to deliver a highly secure intelligent platform for our customers' digital business. And we are laser focused on five key elements of that strategy to enable our customers' success and drive profitable growth for us and shareholder value as well. First, we are fundamentally reinventing networking with our intent-based networking platform. We intend to further accelerate our leadership here extending intuitive technologies across the broad portfolio that we have while increasing application, visibility and automation. Secondly, security is fundamental to everything we do. You can't build a next generation digital business without a comprehensive security strategy across endpoints, network and the cloud. Third, it is very clear that it's a multi-cloud world, and Cisco is in a unique position to help our customers navigate this by expanding our multi-cloud portfolio and extending our web scale partnerships with strategic cloud providers. Our Google partnership is an example of the work we are doing with all of the large web scale providers. Fourth, we're unlocking the power of the data with advanced analytics such as our solutions AppDynamics, encrypted traffic analytics and Talos threat intelligence. We're also embedding AI and machine learning technologies across the breadth of our portfolio. And lastly, we will continue to deliver a more enhanced customer and employee experience through our broad Collaboration portfolio including our intent to acquire BroadSoft. Marilyn, I'll turn it back over to you.
