John Chambers: Thank you, Frank. And well done. I'd like to talk now about the leadership transition at the CFO level and I would then summarize the call. When you look at the quality of the financial leadership team, it is something that all of us take a deal of pride in. As you know, Cisco has successfully transitions through multiple leaders often five to eight of them in every major functional group in the company over the years. And recently, Frank has been exploring the right time to step down as Cisco CFO. Frank joined Cisco over 10 years ago and has served as CFO for the last seven years. Among his many accomplishments, frankly at our very successful capital allocation strategy, including implementing Cisco’s first dividend, managed effectively some of our almost challenging macro and industry environments, and he has been recognized time and time again for his strong leadership. While I know that Frank has other ambitions, I'm also very glad that Frank has agreed to stay on as an advisor to the financial leadership team and for me over not just hopefully next several months but over longer than that Frank if you'll have us. Effective January 1st, Frank will be stepping down as CFO. At which time, Kelly Kramer will assume the role as Cisco’s CFO. One of Frank’s best and most defining leadership characteristics is his focus on building incredible leadership teams. Almost three years ago, Frank hired Kelly. It is a credit to the work of Frank that the leadership team and the board have concurred in appointing Kelly to assume the role of CFO. Kelly brings a wealth of experience to this role, both from her three years at Cisco and 20 years at GE.
John Chambers: Unlike Frank, you haven’t got any grey hair and like me, you’re not losing hair but that’s a separate topic. In your last role at GE, you were GE’s healthcare systems business group and CFO of that group. She is known for a business judgment, no-nonsense approach and strong strategic leadership style. At Cisco, Kelly has led both Cisco's corporate finance and business finance groups, managing among other things, all the controllers of Cisco's business units, with a particular focus around pricing and margins. She has learned Cisco's business inside and out and has proven herself to be a highly strategic, thoughtful and influential leader. Kelly is not afraid to challenge all of us to think differently. And it has been impressive to see her do this, while becoming a trusted partner to our entire leadership team. Kelly, I’m going to give you the same advice that I once got when I became CEO and then I gave Frank seven years ago. Do a great job, have fun and don’t mess it up. We know you won’t and I look forward to working with you even more closely. Frank, I mean this is really something I'm very proud of in your many accomplishments. Your integrity and ethics define you. And you have always kept our employees, customers, shareholders at the forefront of our long-term strategic business planning. You have been a great finance leader but more importantly, you have been a great business leader. You have built a world-class financial organization that is driving Cisco’s transformation and ensuring we are positioned to execute on the opportunities ahead. I know the future will hold very exciting opportunities for you. And I look forward to our continued relationship. Thank you once again, Frank.
John Chambers: Frank, I’m just looking at you. You’ve weather this last seven years better than I have. I’ve lost lot of hair, you’ve got little bit of grey into it.
John Chambers: Yes. All right. Now to summarize our call today. I've talked a lot about accelerating pace of change in the industry. Recognizing that in many cases, Cisco and our technology are driving that change. I am now more convinced than ever that the pace of change is providing an advantage for Cisco for number of reasons. First, the role of the network is at the center of every major technology and business transition and that is becoming very clear to our customers and to the industry as a whole. Most customers are no longer interested in piecing together disparate infrastructure from different vendors or buying standalone technology. They are digitizing their businesses, their cities and countries and want Cisco to be a strategic partner delivering solutions and business outcomes. They recognize that to move with agility and security they need, their solutions have to be based on an integrated architectures, combined with intelligent network. You are seeing this showing up in increased enterprise license agreements, enterprise services agreements, subscriptions, consulting contracts and other advanced services including cloud analytics and security. Second, we have proven our ability to move quickly and aggressively to transform Cisco into a leaner and more effective company. Remarkably since FY ‘11, we have added around $4.1 billion in revenue, with about $61 million in incremental non-GAAP OpEx. Said another way, for every dollar of revenue we’ve added over this transitional period, we've only added about $0.01 of non-GAAP OpEx. There is not a peer who can come anywhere near close to this by a factor of 10 to what that performance has represented for Cisco and for our shareholders. And what’s exciting is we're just getting started and our transformational evolution at a time that our peers are just starting their transformational work that we started 3.5 years ago. We have also successfully redeployed this operating leverage in many ways. We’ve invested in innovation. We built entirely new skill sets within Cisco. We disrupted our largest businesses in order to move at the fast pace this market requires. And we built flexibility into our operating model, as we managed through these transitions. Throughout, we’ve driven record annual non-GAAP earnings per share for our shareholders. Third, we have and we’ll continue to evolve the leadership team and the talent to drive us forward. As we focus on what our people can do with the support of Cisco, we are unleashing incredible innovation and energy. And fourth, the power of our brand. Our global channels and our strategic relationships with our customers is only strengthening. We continue to earn the trust of our customers and that is translating into greater opportunity for Cisco. The day feels a lot like the mid-90s, when companies were coming to Cisco to learn about the Internet. Today, they’re asking Cisco to help make the transition and transition them to digitize their companies, their cities and even their countries, as they prepare to take advantage of the opportunities presented by the Internet of Everything. To repeat where we started, we believe, we are managing very well in a very tough environment. We are seeing the results of a three-year plus transformational program and work, moving from selling boxes to selling solutions and leading with innovation, speed efficiency as we disrupt the market. And we are leading the technology and business transitions in the market. We have been very clear with you, when we have seen challenges in our business. We are in the environment and we will continue to do so. We have also managed the business very well in light of those challenges. We have made hard decisions, where we have needed to and are seeing the resulting benefits. To sum it all up, I'm very optimistic about Cisco's future and excited about the fact that we are on. Mel, let’s move to my favorite part of the session, which is the Q&A and turn it over to you.
John Chambers: Okay. So, Simona, I’m going to go, as you would expect to the most positive and unlike last quarter where we had about fives up and fives down, this time most all the positives were in the right direction with the exception of service provider in emerging markets. So start with our high-end switching and high-end routing puts and takes. The high-end switching grew at 10%, as I alluded to earlier and that shows how good of a job we’ve done on the transition and taking not just market share but I think, moving very rapidly to pull away from some of our key smaller competitors. Routing is probably gaining share. We have our best routing portfolio. We have at the high-end and both, Nick Adamo and Kelly Ahuja will head that up. [Like we say with Cedrik] [ph], we’d say we're very well positioned in routing as well. Securities saw 25% growth. Data center was at 15% growth, Simona. And that was probably a little bit lower than you might have expected. Q1 as Kelly, I think we were talking about it. You see a slower quarter for us in terms of our server technologies and spins. I would expect that to come back up in Q2, more into the 20s. UCS at 16 % and I am saying the same type of number for that in terms of, and these again orders that I am referring to. I’ve got revenue on the left and bookings on the right, okay. I am sorry. So using UCS as an example, revenues are 16% and bookings are 18% in the quarter. And I’d expect them to come back up in to comfortable growth well into the 20s as well. Services, Gary, it’s been very nice return to mid-single digits. We had hopefully what will be a bottom at 3% and not feel pretty comfortable about our services revenues more in the mid-single digits. Wireless, which is one of the things you all rightly pointed out last quarter said was a little bit challenging for us, which was fair, retuned back to double-digit growth to 11% on revenues and mid-teens on bookings. I expect a solid quarter next quarter out of it as well. Collaboration was the one area that I talked about that we didn't go into as deeply. I like, where we wore on bookings. Bookings were down just about 2% negative. The collaboration portfolio was 10% on revenues. And so that's the solid part, better growth in Europe that people anticipated, better growth in southern Europe, better solid area in the U.S. managed service providers. The two big issues Simona are around service provider and emerging markets. Emerging markets went down as much as they were last quarter, minus 9%, but they were down 6% and the BRICS were down 12%, with China being the heaviest in terms of the approach. The rest of the emerging markets were actually slightly positive I think averaging out to be 6% odd number. Service provider is the big challenge, let me be very explicit, that’s due to two to three U.S. service providers, who have dramatically slowed the order rates and I mean dramatically slowed the order rates with us. And that's an implication also I think of some of the -- what you're seeing in terms of net neutrality, Titled II discussions going on, where in my opinion it would be a very disappointing in result if we moved back to regulation, the Internet like we did voice many decades ago. It would dramatically slow the ability of service providers to be on our broadband and at time that our country is finally cut backup. So my key takeaways, Simona, are the service provider business driven by primarily two or three large U.S. players. It’s the one area that has its most focused. And we saw that in order rate in this last quarter to the tune of a pretty substantial amount. In fact, if you take out those three service providers, you would have probably seen positive growth in our service provider business in total, which you are beginning to see now. So our strategy in business is taking hold. And emerging markets are still a little bit, if you will, balancing with some very good ones and some challenging ones. That's how I would answer your question on puts and takes.
John Chambers: Yeah. My three years of law school if I say it was entirely to do with something my team would spare me on, but it is almost primarily due to those major factors on. If you look at just repeating the U.S. number without service provider, it was 12% growth, major strength. And that was in spite of our enterprise business having a slow Q1 in terms of Brian Marlier’s team, got a lot of confidence in Brian. We went to the forecast pretty carefully with them, Rob. I think they are going to be back in double-digit growth this quarter and feel real good. The pipeline feels very, very solid on that. Even within our service provider business, if you look out several quarters, our pipeline is increasing rapidly. And I think you are going to see us increase our share of wallet as well as our market share in many of our areas. The transformation that we've gone through over this last year with Nick Adamo, Cedrik and Kelly leading the group, you’re beginning to see our relationship with these service providers even when their challenge change a fair amount. So I would say it is emerging markets, and again it's not all of them anymore, it’s a better standard deviation, but still we are not going to turn on that. And it’s service providers, but it's a lot of just a couple service providers here in the U.S. So I like our pipeline. I think we're going to be challenged here for a couple quarters. I think we will power through it and I feel very good about the end result.
John Chambers: Got it. So let me take it. Frank, maybe you could handle that one question with him one-on-one. In terms of matter and now, I’d like to sit on that discussion. So let me address the enterprise question very directly. First, let use our Global Enterprise Theater run by Woody Sessoms. We didn’t talk about in the call. It’s our top-29 global enterprise accounts. It grew 15% this last quarter. And it grew across all those architectures and it is one of the very best with VCE, with FlexPod and total architectures. And so if you watch and we’re progressing and predicting they’re going to grow very well again this quarter, their pipeline looks really good. So, as you what you expect, testing to make sure the pipelines good where we’re going, that would be an example and those are our global enterprise. In the U.S. enterprise, it was very simple. We finished up the quarter, they were in the running to become the top theater in the world and they won it. They pushed hard in the quarter and pushed financially to advantage and drive little bit out of the pipeline on that. They made organization changes to set up for this next year, got going on, even pushing harder on solutions, even harder on architectures and your CM. You’ll not give it, extremely at 90% plus, you are going to probable see it. You will seem then returning to double digits and we’ve been through Brian’s pipeline. He is world-class, knows how to do it. There is no effect of our agreement with what we do with VCE that slowed at all. In fact, I think the VCE numbers, Gary felt very good. And I think both VCE and FlexPod are growing and also the billion dollar plus space is over 50% a year.
John Chambers: And I guess, I will draw the parallel, government is nothing more than a public sector of enterprise and you saw 13% growth in government around the world. Digitization of countries has taken off and I cannot tell you what it means, when A. Merkel, the leader in Germany says about in Industry 4.0, she is going to digitize her country. And what we could do together with government and with Deutsche Telekom in her cities and rebuild all kinds of it high, in terms of direction. Same thing with commercial. Commercial was solid at seven. It doesn't quite go up and down as much. I’m sorry, I missed some? I will come a little bit closer. I’m sorry. Frank was waving at me in a unique way and I wasn’t sure in terms of the direction. So that’s an answer that I feel really going on in enterprise. We are going to lead and breakaway from most every player in the enterprise and that applies across all products, including with our Applications Centric Infrastructure enterprise, which is going great guns. Nice way, I don’t miss transitions like this. If I were concerned, I would tell you, we always want to watch the numbers stuff.
John Chambers: Several questions and thank you for the nice comment. On our service provider business, first let's assume for now that it won't change in the couple quarters. We, however, with our new structure begin to build different relationships at every single major service provider. Rob, you’ve probably been the 30 of them in the last two months, at the CEO level, the CTO level, CMO level operations et cetera. And our relationship is changing with them and our ability to really bring a portfolio that addresses their top priorities in terms of what they are doing to mobility, what they’re doing on video, what they're doing with new services. In a market that their traditional transport is commoditizing is pretty good. However, I don't want to ignore one issue, they are struggling big time in certain geographies with how to make money given the cost that are going flat to up, and their revenues that are coming back through. And so you are going to see certain service providers like AT&T said it very publicly. And obviously I’m very close to Randall and John and Ralph there. We know that their CapEx is going to be down by fair amount this next year regardless. However, it will be down dramatically more, if we don't get our act together on this title to issues. There's a way to accomplish the goals of both sides. I thought Chairman Wheelers’ original approach to this was right on and right compromise in terms of direction. And I think, it's very important that we send a message because you are going to see these service providers flow if not pause completely on broadband buildout, because if they can’t make money on broad brand buildout, they aren’t going to build it out. It’s just simple as that. And we included that was the wild card factors that, Simona, you asked me about indirectly. We started seeing service providers spending slow a lot less quarter among the three big guys that might be most affected here. And so I think getting their act together there is key. We do plan to be very aggressive on this and trying to educate people on all sides about why this is not right for our country. I find it just last comment being very interesting that Europe looks at the U.S. that we’ve got our act together. We head the right amount of competition that allowed companies to make profits, and the right amount of government regulation that allowed them to build out broadband. So they look at us like we’ve got our act together and here we are thinking about changing it. So I think it’s very important that the whole industry is active here. I think, it’s going to have a negative impact for all of us that are connected to those large service providers in the U.S. here and the just last quarter and maybe one or two more quarters. And that’s pretty much reflected in our approach, hope I'm wrong, but it feels like that’s going to be very tight.
John Chambers: Well, Mark, a couple of thoughts. You’ve asked your question that we could probably talk about for a half an hour but let me here it very high. We are winning almost all of our major market transitions moves. We’ve been on our architectures, we’re winning on convergence in the data center of storage and network and processing capability. We’re winning big-time on application-centric infrastructure, and pulling away from the start-up competitors that being very bold, I would say, we are not only pulling away from, I think, while they have news left on the table, I think, it’s game over, I think we have got them. There is no doubt about where we are leading with Internet of Everything. Our products are very uniquely tied together. That’s why you have seen our gross margins be so strong. We moved to selling solutions and software and cloud. We have redone and transformed our whole company to move resources and freeing up by keeping headcount flat into new areas. We have moved with InterCloud with tremendous efficiency. We realigned our organization. So we transformed our company at a time that others have not transformed at all and are just beginning to get started, Mark, with some of the things that you are outlining, which I think is going to get into real trouble. So I love our position in the market. Our position with customer, Gary, you and I were out there all the time. It has never been stronger. And Mark, we are winning with great gross margins and where there are growth opportunities, we are getting share of it plus a lot, gaining market share in many of the areas. So fair criticism perhaps three years ago probably not a fair criticism today.
John Chambers: Yeah. I have got it. My team will verify on the numbers. The business answer just the way you worded, global service providers were down 10%. If you take a set-top box out of that, it would have been down 6% in terms of the approach. And it did vary globally, global service provider Europe group by 13% this last quarter and service provider in relationships with the companies like Deutsche Telekom, et cetera going extremely well in terms of where we go from that side. And you are seeing us build very strong relationship in new emerging markets with players like Reliance and Rob, you have got a list of 30 of our InterCloud type of partners in terms of the direction. And again, understand, I am not aware the set-top box is, I am aware to winning the battle in the cloud. And so we clearly use set-top boxes, clearly it’s a stepping stone to get into the cloud and direction. And right now we have a pretty good portfolio and how this ties together. But it’s all about winning software in the cloud. And you will see us evolve our company that way in terms of products that don’t add much margin overtime.
John Chambers: Yeah. It’s a good question. We debated that at the operating committee, Gary, just a couple of weeks ago. And so to answer your question on part, we are -- all over gross margins. Gary leads the project with Frank and now Gary will lead with Kelly, every aspect of gross margins from, in the product cycle improvement to designing products to your point, let’s not design a switch that comes in a 50% gross margins and we get at the 70% over three years. That was very painful and we did that across our line the last time. And with our new switching product they came in at very high gross margins and I said earlier are actually improving as volume picks up in terms of direction. I think the major issue quarter in and quarter out is more mix at the present time. We are going to go into next quarter, where UCS will be up and hopefully up dramatically and seasonally strong period for us in UCS, as well as otherwise. And I think there are certain transactions that we want to go after aggressively in an emerging markets are not which tend to swing it up and down. But are we focused on this, yes, and are we focused in each category, even thought the real play is for architectures, about how to improve the category and gross margins, the answer would be, yes. And then, final, the real issue on gross margins, if you can provide a solutions, it is three to five times the value to our customer providing products. And so when we tie together these architectures Mark at dramatically lower, dramatically lower operating expenses to get the solution to go to outcomes, that’s what customers pay you huge premium for, that’s where you are making a money, by Mark, I meant, Mark, referring back to his comment earlier. Why you don’t change the structure when everybody else has left this wide open for us and we are breaking away. The last thing you do would be change that now that would result in opposite. So I think there are areas that we can improve on. And as we move more into cloud, as we move more into software, we should move into collaboration. We’re looking at the margins and you’ll see us where we can’t get good margins, will walk them at the business. And we clearly are doing that with some service providers today. If we can get a good margin deal, it’s important to us, we will walk and that’s advantage of, I think having the discipline this leadership team has. Mel, that’s probably a good way to summarize. If I would have to look at it, I’d say in the comments we started off the quarter review with, I’d end with. I think in the tough environment, we are managing very well. On the Enterprise, Commercial and Public sector, we are lighting up the world and I think we’re doing very well there. The areas we make big bets on that some people challenges with its architectures or convergence or Application Centric Infrastructure or embracing SDN and bringing it to light with programmability and leading Internet of everything is finally taken off. You have an inflection point on that. We had the courage to change organization and make transitions that other companies struggle with and by the way, we're just now starting. We have been up for 3.5 years. I love our position. And I think we’re going to win. So I want to thank you all for your confidence in Cisco. And thank you for the time. Mel, let me turn it back to you.
