Melissa Selcher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 93rd quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher and I am joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales; and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides on our website in the Investor Relations section. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. Throughout this call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail on our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments, which we identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. I will now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Thank you, John. We will now open the floor to Q&A. I’m first going to clarify one number during that was mentioned by Frank. Our Q3 FY12 non-GAAP service gross margin was 67.1%, not 61.1%. A reminder as we go into Q&A, we still request that sell side analysts to please ask only one question. Operator, please open the floor to questions.
Melissa Selcher: Great, thanks John. Cisco’s next quarterly call which will reflect our FY 2013 fourth quarter and annual results will be on Wednesday, August 14, 2013 at 1.30 pm Pacific, 4.30 pm Eastern. Again I’d like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain our long standing policy to not comment on financial guidance during the quarter unless it’s done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
John T. Chambers: Mel, thank you, very much. We are pleased to announce another very solid record quarter. We delivered our ninth consecutive quarter of record revenue. We also delivered record non-GAAP operating income and record non-GAAP net income. Our solid results in Q3 are the proof points of the effectiveness of our vision, strategy, differentiated value proposition and continued execution even with a challenging global macro backdrop. Specifically, in the opening comments, I would like to focus on the following five key takeaways from Q3. First, we are executing very well and continue to consistently deliver to hit or exceed expectations. In addition to driving both top line and bottom line growth, gross margins continue to be stable and operating margins are strong. Bottom line, we again did what we said we would do. Second, we are well positioned in the major technology global growth markets in the industry. Our cloud data center revenue growth was up 77%, wireless was up 27%, and SP Wi-Fi up well over a 100%, and SP Video was up 30%. We’re continuing to deliver game changing innovations like UCS, Unified Access, Videoscape Unity, the Internet of Everything and Self Optimizing networks to drive the technology transitions and transform markets. Third, we saw continued improvements from a total geographic perspective with total product year-over-year order growth of 4% following two quarters of flat growth. Also, for the first time in six quarters, we delivered positive growth across all four customer segments; those segments being Enterprise, Commercial, SP and Public Sector. The most important takeaway, however, for me in the quarter was the performance in the U.S. and emerging countries. In the U.S. our commercial business was up 13%, U.S. enterprise was up 10%, U.S. service provider was up 10% and U.S. public sector up 5% in terms of orders. Emerging countries also saw a strong double-digit growth of 13% year-over-year. And remember in Q2, the last quarter, we reported the growth in emerging countries, which is 6%. While we like the trend, we are managing the business to account for a continued slow steady recovery on a global basis. Fourth, we generated $3.1 billion in operating cash flow and returned to our shareholders $1.8 billion in share buyback and dividends. And fifth, we articulated our strategy in value proposition to deliver a new model for IT, where customers are embracing our unique ability to drive an open systems approach to greater networking automation, optimization and programmability. With the role the network plays at the center of every transition, we believe we are uniquely positioned to help our customers manage through and capitalize on the opportunities ahead and in so doing, meet our goal of becoming the number one IT Company. In every quarter, there are always areas of our business that outperform and some that underperform. We continue to demonstrate again in this quarter the consistent strength of our portfolio approach, our discipline, our innovation and our execution. To provide some additional details from a financial perspective, Frank if you’ll go next on this, I’ll come back and then talk about what we’re seeing in more detail from a product perspective and geographic and some interesting trends. You’ll come back Frank, if it’s okay and do the guidance. I’ll provide some summary comments and then we’ll do what we enjoy most which is the Q&A. So Frank, over to you.
John T. Chambers: Frank thanks very much. In summary, for nearly 30 years, we’ve focused on moving the world to [IP], first in communications and now in IT. We build a portfolio of assets that deliver value for customers and shareholders with a discipline and financial strength to make long-term bets on innovation. There is no doubt that the pace of change in our industry is only increasing. Let me be very clear, change has always been good for Cisco. We use these times of change to get closer to our customers, transform our business and drive new opportunities and at the same time break away from our competition. Many companies are articulating strategies to expand in the networking and reshape this market. Over the last 20 plus years at Cisco, I’ve seen these challenges every few years. For example, I remember back in the 90s when we were a router company. Some believed that the new switching startups would topple our business. However, after the hype settled, it was clear that Cisco was the leader and we did it by listening to our customers and delivering products that help them transform their businesses. With this strategy, we established our leadership position and increased our relevance to these customers, and we have used this playbook again and again and again throughout our history to become an almost $50 billion company. I’m extremely confident with the hand Cisco has to play and yet we have never taken it for granted. We take competition seriously and make no mistake about it, we love to compete, it keeps us focused. History is littered with company’s large and small, upstarts and established that bet against Cisco and failed. I have no doubt we can see this again. We have always believed that the Internet will revolutionize the way we work, live, learn and play. This has never been true than it is today, think about it, with cloud, mobility all coming together to deliver the internet of everything, and unprecedented new ways of opportunities for many players in our industry and our goal is to lead this transition. While we have to earn our leadership position every day, I believe we have the right cards, the right people and if played right, we can emerge as the number one IT Company in the world. Mel, let’s now open it up for questions.
John T. Chambers: So in sequence, first, thank you very much for the compliment on behalf of us all here at Cisco. In terms of what is changing the market, our architectural approach tying together our products to solve our customer’s top proprieties quicker than anyone else is regaining traction. That’s especially true in enterprise where brands, team focuses on selling to the business customer in conjunction with the CIO and meeting the CEO’s top priorities. In terms of the momentum there, the pipeline looks good. Pipeline actually increased Rob again faster than the actual growth this quarter and is well over $2 billion for Brian’s group alone. The number of large deals, Ittai, are actually increasing. However, you are seeing a little bit slower rate in bringing the deals home, which is a nice way of saying, you got to have more opportunities and it might come in pieces versus before. In terms of commercial, where you really look at what Alison has done, leading our Group, that’s 13% growth year-over-year, and it’s probably an even more accurate indicator of economic potential in the U.S. looking out a couple of quarters, and we’ve seen this trend interestingly enough, improve steadily in both enterprise and commercial for four quarters in a row. Alison grew at 13%, but again she sells solutions not routers or switches or data center or UCS type solutions. Service provider was very strong. Michael’s team did very well there, 8% core growth, 2% from NDS, making 10% growth and you’re seeing our relevance to the large players, the AT&T, the Verizons, the Time Warners, the Comcast continue to be very solid and really make a difference. So, I like the trends in the U.S. The state and local business, as you all know, almost two, two and half years ago was the start of the decline that unfortunately we experienced first and shared with the market and fast forward two years later, you’re starting to see it lead the upturn. The Federal business will be a market share change. It’s who is able to really make a difference to this market, but if you look, we experienced a slowdown a couple of quarters ago in federal and now you’re at a minus 3%, but I think you will see some of the FX make this a difficult growth market. So, we’re focused on building relationships and maintaining value. So, I guess the key takeaway and Rob, we saw this last night at a dinner with one of the large boards of big global multinational bank and the day before with a global search provider and they bring their whole boards to Cisco now as we focus on business transformation. Our ability to bring innovation to them. Our ability to take the CEOs top five goals and make a difference in their ability to achieve all the top five goals in ways that others are not, and I think what you’re beginning to see Ittai is a transition for us moving from a communications company selling boxes five or 10 years ago to being a solutions company selling IT to our customers. So if I were to summarize, I think the U.S. was the example of what we want to do in the future and I think it is also a positive trend and probably what you’re going to see in the second half of the year from economic growth. 
John T. Chambers: Sure. The linearity during the quarter for our orders was pretty typical what we see all Q3s, not even a variation of 1% in the first month versus the second month, versus the third month of our typical performance. I think it does speak to our value to our customers and service providers and I think it does speak to service providers are beginning to bet that they’ve got to have strategic partners long-term, something that others would not say was going to occur five years ago. So, we’re winning the share of wallet spend. The North American spend, especially in the U.S. is probably stronger than you saw in other parts of the world. We saw Europe challenged in terms of service provider spend and then we saw some great numbers from Asia-Pacific in prior years, NTT as an example out of Japan where we maintain our share spend, but just the spending is tighter. It’s a nice way of saying, Simona, I think the carrier spend is low double digits, and there might be some relief in the second half of the year, but we’re focused on value to the customers and share of wallet spend and I think that was the primary reason we were successful.
John T. Chambers: We have, Tal, as we’ve talked about even back in December. We’ve headwinds and tailwinds that we look at against that 61 to 62, if I want to be balanced looking at over long-term. Clearly, this past quarter very pleased with the 62% margin, I think we had many things working in our favor from across the portfolio as I mentioned. I think this is one of those quarters where and I’ve looked through a lot of the detail, we had great execution across the board, that doesn’t necessarily happen every quarter, and so we’ve got to make sure things come up from time-to-time gets factored and secondly, the other thing from a headwind perspective that we continue to come through from quarter-to-quarter, if you look back over the last several quarters or even the last two years, from a quarterly standpoint, we’ve had some, where it’s been higher, some where it’s been lower, and the variation depends on the mix. Mix from the standpoint of UCS and how fast that’s growing, and then also from a – something that’s the video perspective of the two drivers. So mix comes into play from time to time, as well as various other things from an execution standpoint within the portfolio. So looking at that and spending the time that we have across the business and making sure that we balance that, I feel very comfortable that 61 to 62 is a reasonable range with the ability to maybe go a little higher and a little lower depending upon how those things balance out.
John T. Chambers: So I’ll talk a little bit about the margin piece, and Rob, I’m going to ask you to comment specifically about SDN, especially in the data center, where clearly we’re doing extremely well on our numbers. The margins, I don’t think it’s going to be a software gain. It’s going to be an architectural gain, where software, silicon, ASICs, hardware, a world of all clouds play architecturally together and as we articulate that well to our customers, our customers are getting it and we’re starting to win our big large deals, because we have the best product architectures in routing and switching. We have the best, using the customers’ words, SDN strategy and it leverages their existing installed base, and what you are seeing is many of our new investments that Frank is investing in very heavily for us have very little revenue effect for the first year. They are largely going to be expenses this next year and those are the recurring revenues in software as well. But if we were facing abnormal pressure from a new competitor that has a dramatically different business model that was being successful you would have seen different numbers in the data center and you would have seen different numbers in terms of our growth versus our peers. This is what I said earlier. We have a number of challenges coming at us. In the end it will be in our opinion, architectural play, where software play a key component but it will be an architecture where our plays will I think win in the end and we’ve done this – I don’t know I have lost track now, Rob, how many times. But we are already on to our next challenge beyond SDN without taking it for granted. Your thoughts Rob a little about the data center.
John T. Chambers: So, I’ll take the easy part of it and just thank you all for the feedback. We listen pretty carefully to our large shareholders and the buy and sell-side analysts on what you want us to do those with dividend and buyback. In this quarter, it was well ahead of our 50% free cash flow that we committed to and don’t think we won’t listen to you in the future. We absolutely will very much in line with how we accomplish our goals together. That’s the easy part of it. Frank, let me give it you and put the meet behind it.
John T. Chambers: Just to note on this, I know there are a lot of Cisco people who listen to this, you know what we’re going to do right after the call, first congratulations and then we’re going to say you have to move faster, we’ve got to execute better. We’ve got to get better coordination across our functional groups and if we’re going to break away at the level we want we’ve got to take it up to another level as we go into Q4 and Q1. So I don’t want anybody resting on their laurels and to you as the shareholders we aren’t going to rest.
John T. Chambers: Yeah but first of all I want to congratulate Rob Soderbery and Rob Lloyd, you all took the switching market after last quarter, where candidly we lost port share, and I think in less than three months have got our port share gains back going again, nice way of saying it, the total port level we’re back gaining share. In terms of the data center, I think the numbers speak for themselves on it. I think we need to do a little bit better in the modular component part. There is a transition of 10-gig to 40-gig, I think it’s more a price performance issue and in any many of our large accounts, government and federal, as an example head count is actually coming down. So there isn’t the normal push out of these verticals that we normally see leading it. Right now they are actually a negative drain in terms of the large financial institutions in the U.S., and the large federal government. Rob, would you have anything to that.
John T. Chambers: So to answer your question on clarification on the numbers, the UCS plus the Nexus 2000 5000 and 7000 is the $5.5 billion run rate. The last quarter, we referred to UCS plus the Nexus 2000 to 5000, which are the bundled architectures that we do in the data center, was at a rate of $3.5 billion and that was the clarification. Also, I don’t know if it was Ehad or Brent or Ben, but one if you all asked, is the UCS accelerating. I think the numbers already are spectacular, but they tend to go up and down a little bit, bookings didn’t grow quite as fast as revenues this quarters and so, I wouldn’t be modeling in the 70s, we’re obviously very pleased with growth of 60%, which I think it more what we experience typically from the UCS side of the house.
John T. Chambers: Converged infrastructure is much more cloud, as a part of it, Nexus architecture is part of it. We even get some bare metal sold through with the non-traditional blade piece, but it is largely an architectural sale tied to a converged architecture in cloud movement. In terms of the business, it’s over the $2 billion run rate at the current time and I don’t want to get too specific on it, but it’s reasonably over, it isn’t over by about a magnitude of 20% or 30% but comfortably over the $2 billion run rate. And I think Mel that’s our last question. I want to thank everyone for spending the time today. We’ve got the clear message. You want the script cut down to fewer pages and some of you have implied that our P/E ratio would go up in direct proportion to how many pages we took off and we intend to make it short and tight. We will try to keep the questions to the same type timeframe and Mel maybe other than end of year we ought to shoot for an hour conference call when we can. Please give us the feedback overall. We know you got to earn your – we got to earn your trust and confidence every day. We’re committed to that. We are committed to becoming the number one IT player and we are committed to beating our competitors and still maintaining very good margins in a tough market. So, Mel, your closing comments.
Frank Calderoni: Thanks, John. Let me now provide a few comments on our outlook or the guidance for the fourth quarter. Let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements. You should review our recent SEC filings and identify important risk factors and also understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements and then actual results could be above or below guidance. The guidance we are providing is on a non-GAAP basis with reconciliation to GAAP. For Q4 FY13 while we like the trends, we are managing the business to account for a continued slow steady recovery. With that in mind, we expect revenue growth to be in the range of 4% to 7% on a year-over-year basis. This guidance factors in the divestiture of our Linksys product line, which contributed approximately 1% of total revenue in Q4 FY12. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately in the range of 61% to 62%. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 is expected to be in the range of 27.5% to 28.5%. Our non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be approximately 21% in the fourth quarter. Our Q4 FY13 non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to range from $0.50 to $0.52 per share and we anticipate that our GAAP earnings in Q4 will be $0.07 to $0.10 per share lower than our non-GAAP EPS. Other than those quantified items noted previously, there are no other significant differences between GAAP and our non-GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisitions, asset impairments, restructuring and tax or other events which may or may not be significant. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Thank you, and John, back to you.
Frank Calderoni: Yeah, Mark, as we talked about, I mean the whole thing we look at gross margin and overall profitability as the portfolio play, not only to the current, but also the long period of time, and we want to make sure that we have the flexibility to make trade-offs. So, as we talked about today set-top box is an area, we’re making some trade-offs. There’s other parts of the portfolio we’ll continue to make trade-offs. In the range of gross margin as I talked about back in December, looking at 61 to 62 over the long-term and there could be some things that could factor it in on the positive side, as we continue to kind of look at investments in the software area. And there’s things that could also kind of be more challenging on the lower side. So, there’s always going to be that balance that we’re going to work to in the portfolio and we want to stay reasonable with that kind of range over that longer period of time, and the overall focus for us is bottom line profitability.
Frank Calderoni: Hey John, I think that kind of covers a good amount. We’ve been – clearly if you look at the orders for the last couple of quarters it’s been pretty flat, kind of showing some growth this past quarter. So we have been improving the momentum. We are seeing some momentum improve as we captioned into the guidance in Q4. But with the backdrop of the environment and the slow and steady recovery we want to make sure that we continue to kind of see that play out. Hopefully what we are counting on here is to be able as you said to build some backlog, which is important especially at the end of the fiscal year kind of going into the beginning of the next year. And so we factored all that in and we feel that this is a balanced guidance both top line and bottom line. So as John said, if you look at the top line at 4% to 7% without Linksys is pretty much 5% to 8%. And then if you look at the bottom line, we’re also growing profits at a pretty reasonable rate in the range of about from an EPS perspective of 6% to 10% on the low and the high. So I think that’s a fairly good set of guidance that we are providing for the quarter.
Frank Calderoni: So Ben, nothing really changes with the capital allocation strategy that we laid out back in the summer of last year. I think what we’ve been able to do since then is really continue to execute against that and that is to say that on an annual basis that we will return a minimum of 50% of free cash flow through the dividend and the buyback. Clearly, what we’ve done in the last year, it clearly is empathizing much more heavily towards the dividend with the increase that you just referred to. I think that’s an indication of where we are probably going to go. I mean we’re going to continue to look at both as ways of contributing cash, with I think listening to many of the shareholders or more of the shareholders emphasizing the dividend and also conversations with our Board that’s clearly where we have put more of the focus and we will probably in the future. But balancing that a minimum of 50% on an annual basis, and we’re actually as you can also see, I think we’re doing a fairly decent job of managing the U.S. cash with that as a backdrop to give us that flexibility with the numbers right now close to $8 billion is the highest it’s been in a long time from U.S. cash position. And that’s primarily to be able to have that flexibility to be able to continue down this path of this capital allocation strategy.
Frank Calderoni: I think our position, going in reverse order of your questions, I try to remember them all, the enterprise growth is on a very good trend. I don’t see seasonality on that and I think it’s probably a very good indicator of economic growth. It’s nothing to write home about, but it’s very solid economic growth in terms of slow but steady in terms of the U.S. is how we’re modeling, and I think this is a solution-led sales, in a very tough environment. So, I would be disappointed if we don’t continue to maintain this type of momentum in the enterprise, give or take a couple of points on it. In terms of what we’re seeing, it’s all geographies and all segments of the market. You are aware of a lot of the rumors in the market with some of the things we’re doing with the semi that has absolutely targeted the massively scalable data centers and the combinations of software and hardware and ASICs and UCS combined. Stay tuned if you’re really very excited on that and I think it will prove a lot of people perhaps scratching their heads in terms of the architectural discussion we had before and just repeating the same thing. If you can’t win in the data center with software defined networks you sure as heck aren’t going to win standalone across an architecture of $180 billion installed base with APIs of each component parts all the way through it. In terms of our relevance as an IT player, it’s increasing and when you get Board of Directors coming through not the CIOs but the Board of Directors and top management, it really speaks Cisco’s position in the industry is changing. I know to some people they might have described this in some of the news media perhaps as something that is primarily a router or switch vendor type play and movement a little bit slow. But what you’ve seen, I view as more as somebody flies underneath the radar, pretty much as a stealth fighter, and when we catch our competitors we usually leave them behind fairly quickly. If sometimes Gary we take a little bit long to get focused on something but we really close well. That’s a nice way of saying I am real comfortable across all key customer segments where we are going. I think we are dramatically better positioned than the traditional data center players such as HP, Dell, and IBM as this transition occurs.
Frank Calderoni: And it’s important I mean, that just shows even as you get two years, right, and have the pressure. So we have to continue to kind of stay, going back to the comment that John made before, as we continue to look at next year going into FY 2014, those are kind of goals that we said internally, that we have to constantly keep executing on, because that’s going to allow us to have that offset for what happens on the price side.
Gary B. Moore: I think our ability to execute the visibility we have into the business and to make adjustments. I mean even going back to the gross margin question, the discipline that we have, continued value engineering some of the things we’re doing there, but the visibility that Chuck and the sales team has and discounting those kinds of things not only helped us win and close deals more quickly but it helps us with the margins.
Gary B. Moore: So, specifically what I said and someone actually put it in the paper. I think it was Simone, and I called paper, what I said in the conference was that in the first year of our transformation work, that we’d pulled about $800 million improvement to gross margin for the value engineering, value design and some of the other work that we’re doing around component, negotiation et cetera. What I said for this year, it would be that we had targeted another $800 million, we had upped that to $900 million and I think Frank and I did a review on this, probably 10 days ago and we’re actually moving ahead of that. So, it’s going to be in that range, but I would just tell you that on the specifically, everyone here is still focused on driving value and driving the operating leverage in our business. So, we continue to see opportunities like that and we haven’t dialed back on it at all.
Gary B. Moore: Yeah I mean, so, John Kern and the entire team over there in supply chain not just with those types of work, but the whole manufacturing cost process, they’re driving very hard and then the other thing that we can do there. So, that was the $900,000 comment that you referred to. So, hopefully that answers that second part.
