Laura Graves: Thank you very much, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our 85th quarterly conference call. I am joined today by John Chambers, our Chairman and CEO; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Gary Moore, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Our Q3 fiscal year 2011 press release is on the U.S. High Tech Market Wire and on the Cisco website at newsroom.cisco.com. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides. In those slides, you will find financial information that we cover during this conference call as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you might find helpful. Additionally, downloadable Q3 financial statements will be made available following the call, which will include revenue by geographies and as well as product categories. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. A replay of this call will be available via telephone from May 11 through May 18 at (866) 357-4205 or (203) 369-0122 for international callers. A webcast replay is available from May 11 through July 22 on Cisco's Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The financial results in this press release are unaudited. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.  Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. With that out of the way, now I'd like to turn the call over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Laura Graves: Thank you, John, Gary, and Frank. We will now open the floor to Q&A. We still request that sell-side analysts please ask only one question. We're ready to go. Operator, go ahead with your first question, please.
Laura Graves: And Frank, did you want to comment? There was a question with the delta between the Q3 and then the Q4 gross margin guidance.
Laura Graves: Brian, we'll follow up with you after the call. We are expecting just the preliminary market share data that's just coming in now. Full market share will come in over the next couple of weeks.
Laura Graves: Thank you, John. We remind our audience that Cisco's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our fourth quarter and annual fiscal 2011 results, will be on Wednesday, August 10, 2011 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. As a reminder, downloadable Q3 FY '11 financial statements are available following this call, including revenue segments by product and geography. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet, cash flow statements can all be found there on the Investor Relations website. Click on Financial Reporting. We'd like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please contact any member of the Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions from this call. We thank you for your participation and your continued support. This does conclude our call.
John Chambers: Gary, nice job and good for the first time period. We will update you as appropriate during our Q4 call, and you can expect a broader dialogue around our business model and capital structure at our financial analyst conference for shareholders in September.  Now I'd like to move on to discussion of Q3 business momentum and the key highlights in Q3. As Laura said at the beginning of the call, there will be accompanying set of slides company covering much of the additional data we have covered in prior calls. So I'll cover this one for a little bit higher level, and we're going to provide that so you can see the details that many of the people have asked about in the past.  So from a high-level, geographic perspective, which is the primary way we run our business, this analysis will be done in terms of orders. And as a reminder, by comparison, our Q3 this year included one less week than Q3 of last fiscal year 2010.  First, the U.S. was approximately flat, with the strength in enterprise and commercial offset by the public sector and the reductions in our Consumer business. Second, European markets were mixed, again, doing better in the northern region than the southern region, with strength in enterprise offset by weakness in the public sector. Third, as we discussed in detail earlier, our emerging countries are performing extremely well, especially the BRIC countries. Fourth, Asia Pacific continues to be our most consistent performer, with enterprise, search provider, and commercial all growing in the mid- to upper-teens. Nice job [indiscernible] and team.  From a customer perspective, in terms of year-over-year growth, global product orders, Cisco total grew in terms of products 4% year-over-year, enterprise grew 12%, public sector decreased 8%, search provider grew 3%, commercial grew 14%. From a product revenue perspective, on a year-over-year basis, routing grew 7%, with high-end routing growing 12% and midrange routing decreasing by minus 2% while low-end routing decreased by minus 4%. High-end routing accounts for approximately 70% of our total routing business.  New product revenue grew 15% year-over-year, with collaboration at 39%, the data center at 31% from a revenue perspective, security at 2%, wireless at 32% and video-connected home decreasing by 5%.  In terms of a couple of new products that may be of interest to you, our Nexus 2000 and 5000 grew 105% and 29%, respectively, year-over-year. The ASR 1000 grew at 46%. The ASR 5000 grew at 353% and the ASR 9000 at approximately 140%. Now let me turn it over to Frank for a discussion on Q3 financials and Q4 guidance. Frank, to you.
John Chambers: Frank, on a quick note on that. Our Japan team did an amazing job within 2 areas after the earthquake occurred. Not only were we watching out for our people, the supply chain crisis management team kicked into gear, and we went through all the tiers of our delivery cycle. And I just want to congratulate them. I thought it was just amazing what Angel and team did there.
John Chambers: And also on the team, I just want to say, [indiscernible] he did an amazing job with our employees. So I just want to make sure they hear that as well.
John Chambers: Thank you, Frank. Moving forward, we'd like to give you some perspective on the fiscal year '12. While we don't think our Q4 guidance is indicative of our growth rate next year, we also recognize that the growth rate that we sometimes talked about in the past, of 12% to 17% long-term growth outlook, is not reflective of the environment either.  Our portfolio positions us for growth next year, and we will communicate both our targeted operating model and our long-term growth expectations as part of our September Financial Analyst Conference with our shareholders. We do not underestimate the transition in front of us or the importance to rapidly simplify our organization to deal with the competitive challenges facing us in switching and the shift in public sector spending. We are completely committed as a leadership team to make the required fundamental changes to our operating model as well as to make the tough decisions necessary to position Cisco to be leading in tomorrow's market.  I've always believed that our strategy and direction starts and stops with our customers and the partners that serve them. Having spent a lot of time with customers and partners, I am confident that we are well positioned in their minds in terms of our leadership. We are taking the network where our customers need it to be. No one has the breadth and scale of Cisco and Networking. No one has Cisco's breadth of innovation, the scale and reach of our customer delivery model or our talent and experience of our employees. Cisco's value to our customers is differentiated, and it is very simple. We are globally delivering to them a network-centric platforms that make them more competitive and allow them to achieve their business goals.  Our customers are dealing with the same level of complexity as they grow, and we are sharing our plans with them as we simplify our own operating model. Innovation has never been an issue for Cisco, but simplification and making it easy for our customers to work with Cisco and for our employees to do their work at Cisco is something that we must change quickly, boldly and decisively. And Gary, I'm really asking you to play the key leadership role here. You're off to a great start.  Our employees are ready for this change, and they know what an energized Cisco is capable of achieving. Throughout our history, Cisco has adopted and evolved to meet both challenges and opportunities. This time is no different, although our path to get to the end goal may be different. We have done it before, and we would do it again now.  Make no mistake about it. All of our efforts we are putting in place are focused on driving shareholder value. I want to thank our shareholders, employees, customers and partners as we transition to the reinvigorated Cisco, the aggressive, focused, and simplified Cisco, as you've come to expect over the years. So with that, Laura, let me turn it over to you.
John Chambers: Got you. Jeff, it's no problem asking tough questions. Those are one of our 2 problematic areas that we've got to address. Let me start with the most basic elements. I'm very pleased with the new products we've introduced over the last year. We are extremely competitive at the low end with the Catalyst 3000, 2000, at the mid-level with the Nexus 2000 and 5000. And if you look where we are, we need a little bit of work on our high end at the 7000, to be very candid. If you watch what we just announced in terms of organizational alignments from an engineering perspective, under Gary's leadership and now Padma and Pankaj leading the engineering team, for the first time in many, many years, we have all of our resources together. So you'll be able to share those switching resources across the engineering and one priority to be able to work together as we do this. You will see us be able to also look at how we bring products to market faster. Instead of thinking about our product cycle of 5-years-plus, we're going to be thinking 3 years. Instead of thinking of gross margin improvement in the, if you will, what we've traditionally seen, Frank, to take 2, 3, 4 years to play out, we're now thinking how we do it in 1 to 2 in terms of the direction. If you, Jeff, want some additional data, we didn't share it, but our orders for the switching category, the fixed orders were up 8%. The modular were down 10%. So we have seen a little bit of balancing here, and too early to call that a trend. We want to watch it into Q4 and Q1. As we've traditionally done, when we get hit with new competitors, we get back on our heels a little bit and we adjust. We've got the product breadth here that feels very good. Our problem is you can now do with a 2000 what you used to do with a 3000 or more, which is a nice way of saying we're coming down Moore's Law but faster than Moore's Law, which means our sales force has to sell 2x to 3x as much. Our customers will tell you in the enterprise environments and many of our government accounts, we're not losing share. But they would tell you in that environment, they wouldn't focus on how much of our revenues go up or down. So clearly, we have some shared challenges in a few areas, but overall, our port position is very, very solid. Bottom line, I like the progress we're making. You didn't ask about gross margins to go with that. Our gross margin challenges, candidly, it's a very high end. It's the transition with 6000 to the 7000. Gross margins on the prior-generation 2000 and 3000 and actually our new-generation are within a couple of points, which is pretty good at this stage. And I want to congratulate our Nexus team in the 2000 to 5000 in the middle, you've seen improvements to gross margins by almost 10 points this year. So a lot of what Gary talked about was good, but we're going to take it to a different level as we move forward and streamline this. And this is what Kathy is going to be leading towards with Randy in terms of some of the direction. So Jeff, a long-winded answer to your question. I apologize, but it's the one on people's mind, along with public sector.
John Chambers: So a couple of questions, and let me maybe try to summarize. During Q4, it's traditionally our strongest quarter. Our sales force is strongly incented there, and actually we have incentives in place for those that may not be in position to achieve their goals. So it's a quarter that we traditionally grow well, but usually it comes toward the back end of that quarter. Second, during this quarter, we had a very good booking UCS quarter, as you all saw, 61% growth. It was clearly -- we did not get a lot of those shipped, so that's why you saw 31% in revenue. Q4's going to be a very solid quarter for us in the data center. You're starting to see cloud activity take off. You're seeing us take on the big guys in that environment. I'm very comfortable with where we are in terms of the data center strategy. But you are clearly going to see in that quarter, we're influenced in some of our areas that don't have as high a gross margins. We will provide in our September analyst conference an update in terms of where we see the long-term guidance being. We clearly are taking 12% to 17% off the table on that. We ran at that pace for a number of quarters, but no excuses. Here's where we are, here's what we see our growth rate going forward, and we're going to do that one quarter at a time. So as we go, we're going to show you that we deliver on Q4. During that time, we're going to do behind the scenes the very heavy lifting that our shareholders fully expect us to do to bring expenses back in line with revenue. We expect to grow revenue faster and, Gary, if we do our job well, a lot faster than we do expenses as we look out 3, 4, 5 quarters out. And then we'll show you the progress, if we do our job right, with all of the appropriate caveats, each quarter next year. And as you make these changes in Q4, Tal, it takes a while to really drive those through the organization. By the time you do the easy stuff, such as the consumer, such as the early retirement, then you change organization structures. You put your first layer in, then you put additional layers in below that. And as people get responsibility for their area, then they are able to input in terms of where we prioritize resources, and then you're able to take the expenses out in a constructive way. That is hard, and it is heavy lifting, and communications is challenging on it. We're going to do that over the next 120 days very crisply. And when you do that, kind of, it slows down on your momentum in the quarter you do it, and I'm not making any excuses on that. We're going to focus on driving our orders very, very aggressively. And if you were watching momentum coming out of Q4, I'd watch book-to-bill coming out of Q4, and I'd watch our booking growth.
John Chambers: Okay, so that's 5 questions. In the order of sequence, the overall rule is we enter markets with the goal of being #1 or #2 within that. These are markets, however, that are very tightly interfaced. And so when you think about it from the data center, the convergence of compute, storage and a networking across any combination of networks to any device by data, voice, video, across enterprise and search environment with mobility built into that and video built into that and security built into it, those are areas that you must have an architectural approach. If you don't have an architectural approach, candidly, to your second part of your question, you don't have good margins, you're not going to make a difference in your customer environment, and you get relegated to somebody providing infrastructure that also may be purchased from a cloud in terms of the future direction. To your other point, I think you're going to see us, and this is one of the things Ned's going to leave for us, really look hard, along with Frank, on our margin components and saying, "Where do we really need to made a difference here? Which markets do we really want to focus in on or not?" But if they are not strategic to us, and if they don't architecturally tie together, and we're not able to move into the #1 or #2 position, by definition, not only should we be trimming back, what we're asking, and Gary's going to lead for us, we will really cut back. And so we've got to make the tough decisions there. And we are seeing willingness -- I've seen willing behavior. Now, Mark, each time we've done this in the past, we've done it crisply, and we've emerged out of it stronger. We've already shared that with shareholders. We do it once and very aggressive, and then we take our actions off of it. Our employees know we're going to make this change. This is not going to be a surprise to them today. In fact, they're anxious. They want we want us to get it out and tell them what it is. We want to do this surgically as opposed to with an blunt instrument. We want to do it in a way that brings full value to our shareholders. We want to do it with maintaining our #1 leadership as we move forward. And as you can tell from my comments, I'm not only energized, our whole group is moving with tremendous speed. I mean, Gary, we were all here for the last couple of weeks, 9:30 at night; although the pizza wasn't too good. The other things, we're very focused and we're ready. And we got knocked down, we get right back up, and we give you our plan of action. Nice way of saying, Mark, I doubt it. I think you're going to see us make these changes crisply. We'll make a few mistakes as we do it, and we'll fix those. But you'll look back a year from now, 2 years from now, and you'll find a much stronger Cisco that moved through that $40 billion bump that many large companies get and focus about how we move on to much longer. The nice thing about what we're seeing is these are healthy markets. There's no problem with market availability. And this is why you see our peers coming at us, because the network's enabling most of this. It's video, it's cloud. It is collaboration. It's an architectural play, not pinpoint products. And if you think about our competitors, how many of our pinpoint products competitors really end up keeping up with where the market goes in terms of direction? So this consolidation and this architectural plan to market is going to happen. We'll do it once crisply if we do our job right. Now, Mark, you never say never. And that's exactly what we said in 2001. But in 2001, we went through this extremely well. This is going to be a different path, but very much in control of our destiny and very much united with our board in terms of what we do for full shareholder return, very much united with our senior leadership on what we need to do and very much united with our employees who are a family even during the tough times, even though we know some of us will be affected by that in terms of where we go.
John Chambers: Okay, a series of questions. First, we bet on video 5 years ago. We said video would be the next voice. You begin to invest in software 3 or 4 years after you bet before people began to see it. Secondly, video will not be standalone streaming through dumb pipes. It's about the ability to put underneath of it a fabric, in our words, and I apologize for getting technical, Medianet, that enables you to build upon it to be able to translate what is the voice within there to be able to push that to communities of interest, to be able to search upon it, because video is a mess if you can't search on it. Merely transport of information is of nominal value to company. That saves you travel, it allows you to do meetings, but the ability to really bring that together architecturally with areas such as TelePresence combining with what we're doing with our quad, which is the equivalent of YouTube- and Facebook-type capabilities within the enterprise with proper security, et cetera, is sustainably different. However, to your point, which is a fair challenge, you are seeing a number of peers now focused on video; i.e., we have a 5-year lead, but this is a big growth market and you are going to see a lot of good competitors in that. Now a lot of what Skype does is also to consumers. And candidly, what you do in this environment, you load networks big time. Back to a question earlier, a lot of our emerging technologies might sell, let's say, $1, but they load networks $3 to $4 to $5 with what they do within that. And so as you think about the implementation here, I love anything that loads networks. Now our service providers are going to say to us, "Cisco, John, Gary, Frank, how do you monetize this stuff going over the network?" So if you can't do this intelligently, if you haven't got intelligent pieces throughout the network, if you're not able to control your destiny in the cloud as these service providers deliver this capability in the new format, if you're not able to prioritize the traffic and be able to differentiate it and charge for it, if you're not able to allow this to any open device, any open device, to any content with proper security and manageability, then that's a different scenario. Nice way of saying, it's a healthy market, we're going to get a lot of good competitors. Every video loves networks, so whether it's competitors or ourselves, I'm comfortable with that. And I think it's going to be a great market load for us. It's different than switching. Switching, it's hard to load those ports fast, to really -- given the price performance coming down; i.e., the challenge in revenue. Routing, a different scenario. Routing revenues were up 7%. We're positioned very well with service providers over this next year. And we're very well positioned with the service providers on how we partner with them as they move in the cloud and move into the transport. So I think we're well positioned here, but if you haven't got good, big competitors and good startups, you're in the wrong market. The good news is we got a lot of competition in almost all of our markets, which is a nice way of saying, we're in healthy markets.
John Chambers: Very fair questions, and, candidly, very tough ones. First of all, let's talk about switching, and then I'm going to expand to the areas that you covered. In terms of switching, if you're standalone switches and you're just in the background, you're going to have a tough time over the next 5 years. We saw that coming a decade ago. We went to an Indian [ph] architecture, and within our switching, you put in a card, it's the #1 router, you put in another card, it's the #1 IP telephony player, you put in other capabilities, you really go into security. You put in another card, you become the #1 router player, and that's within the physical framework. As you virtually tie together those switches to the data center and the switches to the device type, you have an architecture that no one else in the industry reaches across the enterprise and service providers, no one else reaches across the video all the way to the cloud. No one else has the partnerships like we do and the capability in the cloud to do storage and the networking and the compute capability and distribute that across the whole network. So our switching strategy in that way has not changed. It is an architectural play. It's an integrated play, physically and virtually. To the second part, port share is one of the key factors on it. And we said we were holding our in own port share in a market with a whole bunch of competitors coming at us. And interestingly enough, several of those competitors are coming at us making great inroads. We learned how to compete. And whether it's on price, and we're going to go after them, or whether it's on issues such as low latency, we're starting to win our first financial accounts back. Thank you very much, team, with our new announcements on the 3000. And we're going to adjust within that with a faster speed. Now that speed, because for the first time, you already know, I've never had my engineering teams all together with one group on switching. That makes it much easier for ASICs to develop, much easier to realign priorities of resources and directions on it. So I would think about it as port share, much as we did at the Wells Fargo conference, in one category. In another category, market share in terms of revenue; and another category, margin comparison; and in another category, what your revenue growth wants to be. And actually, those are 4 variables in the equation that you can tweak and modify within it. Now what you've seen us already start down using Nexus 2000 and 5000 example, we are clearly improving our gross margins there, and just a great job by Mario, Prem and Luca, now run by David Yen. It is an amazing job what they've done in terms of margin improvements over the last year. Our Catalyst 2000 and 3000, we said earlier, had pretty solid margins. They got a couple of points below what our traditional Catalysts are, but that's not bad for this stage in the development. We have a long ways to go on our margins on the 7000. That's where the price per port, and that's where when you used to buy 6000, you might buy a 4000 now or where you might buy one 7000 for 2 6000s. The 6000 clearly has very high gross margins. The 7000 Nexus is below that by almost in the high teens in terms of gross margins. So to answer your question, we think that of this 4 variables, we're positioned well in terms of where we are from a competitive product perspective, but we've got to move faster, like in design cycles and otherwise. But port share, probably one of the key factors on the direction, and it'll be interesting to see how we do over the next 3 to 4 quarters in terms of total market share on switching. But I do look at it, what's my value return for our shareholders? And let me repeat that theme throughout here, it's about full value return for our shareholders. And that is a balancing to that, because you can maximize profits in the short run of growth and cost yourself an awful lot later on in terms of shareholder value. So while we're very much aware of short-term implications on profitability, we also want to make and we'll always make the right long-term decisions as well. We won't compromise it. I'm sorry, if I talked a little bit long on that one.
John Chambers: So let me take -- I'll take the easiest part. And Nikos, I always tend to make it very simple. Let's assume our run rate's about $4.2 billion, multiply it by 4, that's $16.8 billion is what run rate we would be on if we did not change it going into next year. We clearly have an expense run rate that was based upon a much higher projection, which we thought was going to happen strongly, in terms of revenue growth. When it doesn't, you've got to bring expenses not only back in line, but given the pressure on margins, you have to bring expense growth slower, and potentially much slower, than you do on the top line growth and really focus on return for our shareholders on it. So I would say $4.2 billion, multiply by 4, $16.8 billion, take $1 billion off of that, that would be the run rate we'd be at in Q3 and Q4. You have to stair-step into it. It takes a while to do that, and so this will be a multiple quarter process. Now, Frank, how close did I get on that answer? And then you can answer the second part of that question.
John Chambers: Nikos, we have our own internal modeling on that. The minute you start to break this into pieces, we, in essence, will be talking about the total headcount. We owe it to our employees to do it step by step. We made the easy decisions first, which were, candidly, the consumer. And I think you all -- we made a run at it. Candidly, we missed, and back to one of your colleague's questions earlier, I think it might have been Tal who asked the question, we said we can't be #1 or #2. We don't have sustainable differentiation here. The market moved in a different way. We exited. The second easiest thing to do is early retirement. That treats people with class. It allows us, candidly, to organize around that and allow people who are within a certain time of retiring to do that in a way that also benefits and brings down our expenses. We would then look at what the delta is in many areas. Part of it will be contractors, part of it will be our own employees, part of it will be other sector services, and we will balance within that how we take that out. That will roll out and be announced to our employees first. That is the way it deserves. We've got management meetings next week with our top leaders. We've got the week after that with our top 3,000 people. We have employee meetings, regular communications. So we're going to keep that internal. And this is where, for the shareholders, we're going to take that out. There'll be no doubt we're going to do it. But we're going to do it surgically, and we're going to it based on the input of each group, and we're not going to create more questions than we have answers by throwing a number out. Then people begin to slice and dice what does this mean for each group. We've got to allow the teams to execute. Gary, what you're doing great on, on the 5 stages that you're driving through the company on that, and then how you drive it through. This is heavy lifting. To do it right surgically, we'll make some mistakes, but we aren't going to make a broad mistake, we're just doing a haircut. You've got to organize the structure first, then you've got to offer that structure, drive it down through each layer and very directly address that. So that's how -- it's a nice way of saying that, that will be shared with our employees first, and it will be shared later in this 120-day cycle, not within the short time period. But we will get those expenses out. The 3 of us are very much committed to doing that, very much.
John Chambers: Okay. The answer, going in reverse order. Very difficult. The question on lower price translating automatically lower margin, I don't buy. And if you -- the numbers -- and I went through it very fast, and I apologize, and I know you will sometimes ask me a clarifying question. Our gross margins on our prior-generation 3000 and 2000 and our current generation of 3000, 2000 are within a couple of points. So we've done a very good job there in terms of gross margins and, by the way, done a pretty good job on port share, given the competition and how they're coming after us. But it does need to be multiple variables. We are going to be aggressive in winning key architectures. And to your point in emerging markets, if you don't get the market early, you often don't get it 3 years later. So we are not going to back off of direction on that. Now in terms of competitors, I wish it were just one competitor. We're going to get hit by HP and Huawei on price, consider that a given. We're going to get hit by some traditional players who do their own ASICs, their own software and hardware like Cisco. That is also a given. You will have other players who would do this in a vertical style, perhaps an IBM, top-to-bottom type of approach, and you see other peers thinking about it. Hopefully, some of those we'll partner with. We'll see over time whether we do or do not such as what Oracle's doing or what IBM is doing in the arena. You have other players who are going to come at us with silicon, merchant silicon. They're going to put software on top of it, and they're going to come ride right down that silicon curve. By the way, we can do the same thing with our own ASICs if we execute well, Gary, and I think Padma and Pankaj would agree. The problem is the price per port drops so rapidly, it's hard to load on switching, on it. And then you're going to have other players that are going to do this purely as a software play. So you're going to have a lot of people come at us from different directions. Bottom line, we're going to maintain our leadership in switching. We're going to maintain the vast majority of the market. We know our barriers to entry are low. By the way, they've been low for 20 years.
John Chambers: It's better, and we have much larger market share. So in routing and switching, in public sector and the develop around the world, we are the #1 player by a much higher out percentage point, well in excess of 70% in switching, and I mean well in excess 80% in routing. The reason is we help them solve their business problems. We do it secure. We do it architecturally, et cetera. So we get hit disproportionately, both on margins and revenue growth, when they slow. To answer the indirect part of your question on public sector, we do not think we have a major competitive differentiation here. There's always -- I mean, competitors changing the game there. We are very effective on maintaining the majority of our market share. That doesn't mean in one area of state and local government, on E-Rates, it might not be an issue and others, it may. So we need to think about it in terms of that tone, Paul, for the balance. Sorry, a little bit long on that.
John Chambers: I'm not sure we have it in that way, Brian. We might need to do it as a follow-up. Let me may perhaps give you an idea in terms of the revenues. I think the revenues were down 5% on the, if I'm remembering right, let me verify it here before I state it. Down 5% in terms of the fixed and, as I said earlier, the orders were up about 8% year-over-year. In terms of the actual port shipment breakout, I don't have it. We ran that analysis when I was looking at share market. A nice way of saying I don't have that data to answer your question.
John Chambers: Let me have Gary go through it in just a second, but let me be very explicit. We went from 9 councils to 3 councils, that we went from 42 boards to 15, that we've moved the decision-making clearly into engineering and into sales for the decisions. We used the councils by customer segments, which are enterprise, service provider and emerging, and that's to connect our strategy to connect it with our operations. Clear decision-making is back in the functional groups, and Gary has just done an amazing job here. So Gary, take us down one more level.
John Chambers: So simple takeaway in summary, we simplified the organization and operating model. That's what we just did, and we did it both with engineering, sales and also our services. We are using the councils and boards purely as how you connect the strategy to the execution, which, by the way, you need architecturally. We also recognize that the strength during one stage of your development; i.e., developing the visual products to compete with each other during the 90s, becomes your weakness later. Councils and boards, we didn't evolve quick enough where we needed to go on that. It allows us to align cost structure, it allows us to make better decisions in terms of who has ownership on divesting of underperforming assets the way we're set up, and bottom line, it brings more value to our shareholders. That's what we're really focused on short and long term.
John Chambers: Got you. I think once again, Cisco, along with our partner EMC and VMware, called a market transition well ahead of what actually has occurred. And you had to, because our movement in the cloud, when Padma came here 2.5 years ago, we didn't have a good cloud strategy, and Padma did an amazing job there. So the combination, and this is why it has to be architectural plays not only within the data center or various products, but also within our customers changing buying behavior as they begin to see the ability to buy by the drink within that. The relationship with VCE is extremely important. We are making very good progress on that, and our pipeline is looking more and more -- I'm not sure what I have, I probably don't have authorization to share that. We have to coordinate with EMC and VMware, but our pipeline looks very good. If I were to just talk federal government alone, we had to move from just traditional routing and switching, et cetera, we move quickly to collaboration and we need it moved into cloud, and yet we're still seeing the declines, but the pipeline is almost doubling every quarter in terms of large cloud opportunities. And this type of relationship has tremendous power for our group. But again, it's an architectural play, not pinpoint products. If you're a pinpoint product player, you're going to get commoditized over time or just put into the infrastructure. So good momentum on it. Michael Capellas is doing a very good job of leading that group and creating both the understanding from some customers and the integration, and I think I speak for Joe Tucci and myself and Paul Maritz in saying we're very pleased with where we are on it. Good momentum. I think this is a market -- the question is our peers are now starting to come at us the same way with our own development, so we've got to be able to pull it back together. And so -- Laura is very nicely saying I'm coming up on the time constraint.
John Chambers: Yes, I do. My normal approach would be to talk about all the positives, and there are a lot of areas here. I'm going to focus on the 2 areas that are problematic for us. And it's important to understand in switching and in public sector, that gives us challenges on our growth number that we have to be able to move faster and in terms of our organization structure but also bring expenses not only in line with top line growth, but grow top line growth faster and potentially dramatically faster than you grow expenses. We're going to approach this very simply. First, by simplifying our focus on organization and operating model; secondly, by aligning the cost structure, given these transitions that are occurring; third, by divesting or exiting underperforming operations; and fourth, a fanatical approach to delivering value for our shareholders. Our board, our leadership team, our employees are united in this type of approach. We're going to move very decisively in controlling our own destiny. And by the way, how many times have we not in the past? And while the path this time will clearly be different, every time we've gone through this, we emerge as a stronger player. Nice way of saying, if I were a competitor, this is a tough company to bet against, whether you're talking switching, routing, data center, UCS, mobility, video, collaboration overall in terms of the approach. They're areas that we must do different, and the buck stops here. It's my responsibility, I get it. We're going to move rapidly in terms of the direction. And so takeaway from this call, we want to thank you, especially the shareholders, for your supporting us. We need to really focus on getting you the return in both short term and long term, and that's our commitment to the leadership team. So with that, Laura, let me turn it back to you.
Frank Calderoni: I think that was an important comment. With an increase of 14% year-over-year, we ended the third quarter with deferred revenue of $11.7 billion, $3.7 billion of which was deferred product revenue and $8 billion of deferred services revenue, with increases of approximately 6% and 17% year-over-year, respectively. This quarter included share repurchases totaling $1 billion of 54 million shares and our first quarterly dividend payment of $329 million.  At the end of Q3, our headcount was totaling 73,408. This was an increase of 473 from last quarter, approximately 40% of which were from acquisitions, and the remainder were critical hires in sales and services in support of our partners and customers.  Let me now provide a few comments on our outlook and our guidance for fourth quarter. Before I get to the numbers, let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements, and actual results could materially differ. And as a reminder, this will always be affected by major economic change, capital spending patterns, new and existing competitors, potential issues affecting our suppliers, our ability to execute or not on our strategy and risk factors discussed in our SEC filings.  The guidance is based on our current pipeline and our view of the business trends based upon the information that we have available today, and this could be above or below our guidance if any changes do occur. As John mentioned, we will take approximately $1 billion out of our annual expense run rate using Q4 FY '11 as a base and the majority of which will be executed upon by the end of Q1 FY '12.  In connection with these actions, we expect there to be future restructuring charges to our GAAP financial results. Given where we are in the process, the extent of the additional restructuring charges relating to these activities are not currently known.  In the third quarter, we did recognize charges relating to our first steps in support of our plan by restructuring our consumer business. We expect to take further restructuring charges in Q4 as related to our consumer business of approximately $40 million, bringing the total aggregate pretax charge for Q3 and Q4 to approximately $190 million.  In Q3, we also identified an opportunity to allow for a segment of our populations in the U.S. and Canada to take advantage of a voluntary early retirement program, similar to the program that we introduced in 2009. We do expect pretax charges to our GAAP financial results relating to the program in Q4 in the range of $500 million to $1.1 billion. The extent of the charge will be dependent upon the number of employees who voluntarily elect to participate in this program.  During the quarter, it is our goal to grow orders faster than revenue as we have experienced in prior fourth quarters. So for Q4, we expect revenue growth to be in the range of flat to up 2% on a year-over-year basis. Our non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be in the range of 24% to 25%, and our non-GAAP tax provision rate will be approximately 22% in the fourth quarter.  Our Q4 FY '11 non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.39 per share, and we anticipate our GAAP earnings will be $0.14 to $0.23 per share lower than our non-GAAP EPS. This range includes our typical differences as well as an impact of $0.06 to $0.13 per share as a result of our anticipated restructuring associated with our consumer business and the early retirement charges. Please see the accompanying slides of this webcast for further detail.  For the quarter, we anticipate non-GAAP total gross margin to be approximately in the range of 62%. Our gross margin outlook will vary as a result of factors, including product mix, cost savings and pricing, and, of course, we will adjust our guidance accordingly.  Other than those quantified items noted above, there are no other significant differences between GAAP and our non-GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisitions, asset impairments, restructuring, and tax or other events which may or may not be significant. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure.  In closing, we are moving quickly, and we'll continue to implement our action plan that we have more lasting implications. The guidance I just reviewed for the fourth quarter reflects that we will continue to show some weakness while we work through these changes. So with that, let me turn the call back over to John.
Frank Calderoni: John covered it, as it primarily related to mix, if you look at it from a Q4, also looking at the strong UCS ramp that we see, which has had an impact on margins. And the other thing, I just, Tal, I just wanted to add, which I did mention in the prepared comments, is if you look at Q2 to Q3, we did have a few nonrecurring items, which did provide a benefit in Q3 that do not continue in Q4. So balancing that along with the mix that John just talked about, that's taken into consideration with the approximate 62% that we provided from a guidance standpoint.
Frank Calderoni: That was perfect. And I think, Nikos, the second part of your question as it relates to restructuring, as I mentioned, the restructuring associated with that $1 billion would be in our GAAP results and not in our non-GAAP results as we pro-forma that out. We have not identified that as we work through the plan over the next couple of months. That will be the purpose of -- part of the purpose of the plan, as we get more refined on that, and we'll identify it as soon as we do know that. Of the restructuring charges that I mentioned for this quarter and last quarter, those are restructuring charges that are part of the consumer announcement that we made several weeks ago. And that has an impact total of about $180 million between the 2 quarters. Again, that is something that's going to be in the GAAP results and not in the non-GAAP results. And then the other thing which would be part of that $1 billion or the restructure associated with would be the early retirement. But right now, the program is open, and so we don't know how that will turn out. We still have several weeks left for employees to make their decisions on that. The range that I gave, which is probably in the range of $0.5 billion to $1 billion of charges associated with that, would also be pro forma-ed out, but we don't know what that it is. I just gave a range based on the participation, low to high levels, and we'll, again, have a clearer view on that at the end of Q4 and provide that on the call.
Frank Calderoni: So if you look at -- you mentioned emerging markets, Paul. The margins went up several points. The current margins right now for Q3 was 64.3%. Those are combined margins, product services as well as financing. And that was up several points, as I said, quarter-on-quarter.
Frank Calderoni: Asia Pac went from 61.2% to 62.5%, so they improved quarter-on-quarter. All the other theaters as well. U.S. and Canada went from 62.2% to 63.7%, and Europe went from 65% to 65.2%. And then, of course, the overall total, 62.4% to 63.9%.
Frank Calderoni: So let me just add at a very high level, if you look at it from Q2 to Q3, I would say the 3 major categories that I would identify from a margin standpoint -- as you know, the margin improvement, overall, was 1.5 points. About half of that was related to these nonrecurring items. Another portion was related to the consumer, primarily around Flip, in the delta quarter-on-quarter. One has to do with the lower volume as it relates to the performance in exiting the business, and the second has to do with removal of some of the inventory impacts that we had seen in the previous quarter. And then the third piece is a combination of services margin improvement quarter-on-quarter as well as some slight improvement in the other base business, which is a combination of some mix as well as overall margin improvement. So going into Q4, you don't have the nonrecurring and the consumer from a quarter-on-quarter. It pretty -- gets to be a bit more consistent.
