John T. Chambers: Mel, thank you very much. I am pleased resort another very solid quarter for Cisco. We delivered revenues of $12.1 billion, up 5%, and grew non-GAAP earnings per share to $0.54, up 6%. We maintained strong non-GAAP gross margins of 62.5%, generated $3.0 billion in operating cash flow this quarter, and returned $2.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Last week was a great week for us as we announced the CEO who will lead Cisco in its next chapter. I am extremely excited to be joined today by Cisco's newly named CEO, Chuck Robbins. Chuck, welcome very much.
John T. Chambers: During the quarter we announced Cisco and Microsoft will integrate Cisco cloud innovations with Microsoft Azure to help service providers more quickly and cost efficiently launch new applications. We will also extend the enterprise-class security and services and customer private clouds to Microsoft Azure with Cisco Cloud Services Router, the 1000V. Within our strategy to work across hypervisors and stacks, we continue our investment in OpenStack with the launch at our Worldwide Partners Conference of Cisco OpenStack Private Cloud Solutions, aimed at on-premise cloud capabilities for application developers. To summarize my comments, our customer conversations today are not about standalone products. They are simply about digitization, growth, new revenue streams for them, innovation, and business outcomes. We believe we are pulling away from our competition using the same formula that we've always used, integrating our industry-leading products in every category into architectures and solutions that deliver real outcomes. We've created this opportunity and it is ours to execute. I will now turn the call over to Kelly for her comments in the quarter and guidance for next quarter; to you, Kelly.
John T. Chambers: Kelly, thank you very much and nice job. I believe Cisco is at a very positive inflection point. In our 1997 Annual Report, when it was not obvious that the Internet would take off, we boldly declared that an Internet revolution would alter the fortune of companies, countries, and people, and we saw it come to life. A number of years ago we started talking about the next phase of the Internet, the Internet of Everything. That will be much bigger than the last, and it will require everything to become digital. At the time, almost no one understood what we saw. Today, it's everyone's idea. The conversations we are having today with our customers are so similar in many ways to those that we had 20 years ago. We have always been the example and saw the transitions early. And when others start noticing them, they are well underway. As we help companies, cities, countries digitize, the outcomes are exciting, job creation, quality of life, efficient use of resources. Our customers feel the pace of change accelerating, and they see this disruption in every industry and market. They know their success depends on fast innovation, digitizing their business, entirely new IT organization structures and business organization structures. Whether they are the disruptor or the incumbent, they are coming to Cisco as their strategic partner in the digital transformation. As they build their businesses around mobile, cloud, social, data, and analytics, they recognize that integrated architectures with the intelligent networks at the core will accelerate or, if they don't take advantage of it, inhibit their ability to move with the speed, scale, and security required. In simple terms, they know they will either disrupt or be disrupted. I am spending more and more of my time with CEOs, boards of directors, and government leaders to explain the combination of technological, organizational, and process transformation to meet these goals of our customers. And, as in the 1990s, in order to be a true partner to our customers, we have to lead by example. This goes to the reference point for how you reinvent yourself to embrace the opportunities of digitalization and the speed of innovation required for the future. We are three years ahead in making our own transitions. And with the pace of change in our market, three years makes a huge difference. What does this mean for Cisco and our shareholders? First, we spent the last 20 years moving everything to IP and taking advantage of convergence. The intelligent network is at the center of every market transition, and no one comes close to Cisco when it comes to the network. As 50 billion more devices come online, we have a strong hand to play, and we are playing it. Second, we are driving outcomes for our customers through architectures. This is how we differentiate against white label and single-product companies, and you can see this in our financial results, our margin stability, operating leverage, market share, and growth. Third, in a digital world, security becomes even more important. Cisco is the logical choice as we combine a security architecture across the intelligent network. Understanding the direction of the market and challenging ourselves to reinvent is how we address this opportunity and drive long-term value for our shareholders. There could not be a better time to begin Cisco's next chapter, and there is no one more excited than I am to have Chuck Robbins as the next CEO for Cisco. I want to thank the Cisco employees who are leading our change and driving our innovation, and your patience and energy is making Cisco's future possible. Chuck, I know you will leverage the things that have made us great to date. I also know you will make changes when needed and drive innovation and new capabilities at a faster pace. Cisco's momentum is strong, and we are extremely well positioned for the opportunities created by digitization. Every business and government leader is learning the benefits of becoming digital, growth, leadership, efficiency, productivity, conservation, safety, quality of life, and education, these outcomes that are at the core of what Cisco has enabled for the last 20 years. We wanted to use the Internet to change the way we work, live, learn, and play, and that's exactly what we've done in the past and what we will do even more in the future. With that, Mel, we will move to the session that I enjoy most, which is the Q&A. I'm going to turn it over to you.
John T. Chambers: Got you. And it's always fun. Mel, I'm probably going to break a couple of my golden rules of 20 years with some of my comments today. And, Chuck, you can do the same thing after 10 years on the job. But I'm answering them in sequence. First of all, the opportunity is absolutely in revenue growth and profit growth. And as you sell solutions moving to outcomes, and you can do that much faster because of your architectures in the intelligent network, you get margin stability and premiums to go with it. Let me use maybe just a couple quick examples of how I'd illustrate that. In the U.S. enterprise, if we would have told you that the top U.S. enterprise accounts under Brian's [Marlier] team were to be able to grow at 21% year over year, you would say I doubt that. But it took us a while and there were a couple bumps in the transition, but when you now grow at that rate and have the number of large opportunities increase at the pace that we saw, you can see an inflection point which will absolutely translate not just to growth in U.S. enterprise but globally. And let me give you an idea how that pipeline is expanding. We now sell business transformations, what Brian and Sandy [Hogan] do there together. In the present time, we have 1,200 projects going on business transformation and outcomes. That is a pipeline of $3.7 billion in opportunity over the next 18 months. Now we won't get all of that, but it gives you an idea of how rapidly that project has changed. They sell to the business community with support of the CIO as opposed to respond to RFPs. In the last quarter alone, you had 540 new projects in the quarter put into this pipeline, and they had a potential of $950 million. What Chuck has done so well, whether it's in the enterprise business and you take it globally, Chuck, and taking that model and rebuilding it to our vision and strategy make it together, it's exactly one of the reasons he got this job. The commercial marketplace in the U.S. has grown for six quarters in a row at approximately 10% to 11%. No one else in the world is doing those numbers. Again, Simona, it is purely business-based outcomes and selling architectures. And what Chuck has done there is he's taken what Alison Gleeson did and taken it on a global basis, and so you see the same opportunity from that perspective. In terms of our two headwinds, the emerging markets is hard to call, and I think it's awful easy to take out a couple pieces and say this is what our growth would have been otherwise. But think about it. Our problem in emerging markets is now down to three major countries. It's China. Asia-Pacific without China, instead of growing at 1%, would have grown at 8%. Chuck, you and I are going over there every quarter, which is mainly you going and me occasionally following. But we'll eventually get that one turned around assuming our governments get along. Russia in Europe, 41%, and it took down the numbers there a fair amount. But service provider, which was our biggest hit this quarter versus last quarter, instead of being down 1% was down 7%. And, Mel, we said last quarter it's going to take us time to get this fixed. We didn't expect a positive upturn. Here I'm going to break one of my rules. I feel very comfortable that you'll see in the next several quarters – Kelly is cringing, but that's all right, Kelly, you'll get used to it. Chuck, this is one of my bad habits I want you to keep. But if you look at service provider, we'll turn that back positive. The organization changes that Chuck made in the field that Pankaj [Patel] turned the engineering organization sideways to focus on outcomes, knocking down literally silos over 60 business units that now are integrated toward outcomes together. That will turn back positive. And we aren't modeling it because CapEx is going to increase. We do not think it will in the second half of the year. We think actually our share of wallet is going to change. Now let me put these pieces together. When you win a Verizon deal, people didn't get what that was. That was optical in an area that we've traditionally not been strong in. Because we organized our sales engine different, our service engines different, and our R&D engine different, we understood what the customer wanted. We understood on the fly how we'd realign resources. We understood how you're going to have a win rate that is much higher than ever before in markets that we haven't traditionally been as strong. So all those, Simona, translate into revenue growth and profit growth. So am I pumped? Oh, yes. And could I be more excited than ever to turn it over to Chuck and watch what's going to happen? I feel real good about our future, a lot of growth in revenues and a lot of growth in profits.
John T. Chambers: Rob has been the sponsor of this and the father, but let me start with a very positive area. Our service provider position is changing all for the positive. They look at us in terms of mobility leadership. They look at us in terms of video leadership. They look at us in terms of data center leadership. They look at us in terms of security leadership. And with our NFV and SDN capabilities, we are leading in software. And the pieces that were missing was how do you go into this new environment where each of these "public clouds in clouds" are separate and you have to be on different vendors or different companies' ability to go into it. And so what we're looking at, it first is an architecture and it cements our relationships in service providers. And then it really comes through to how you monetize it over time. This will just take time to monetize, but the effect we see indirectly is already huge when you talk about a Deutsche Telekom or a Telstra and our relationships with those. So, Rob, a little bit in terms of how you measure success but prior to when we get into the monetization stage.
John T. Chambers: Got you. So security is the ideal market for us. It basically is made up of hundreds of fragmented players. We're the largest volume player at only 7.5% of the market. And you know our view, we don't enter markets where we don't have a good chance of getting to 40% market share with sustainable differentiation. We believe it's going to be set up for an architectural play, and it's going to require integration with intelligence throughout the cloud, throughout the data centers, the WAN down to the access, combining mobile with the Internet of Everything and digitization, et cetera. We're on a journey here. We love the momentum, 14% growth with orders growing faster, which I think was 20% growth, and I expect us to do a lot better than that over time. The pull-through on it is very interesting because now this goes back to when we sell, we don't sell a product or just an architecture. When you go in and you talk about digitizing your company, we talk about how all of our product architectures come together. And then when we talk about security together with IOE, digitizing your company, mobile, et cetera, you suddenly see how security ties across all those. So we're starting to get upgrades and we're learning how to sell this better. And probably again, Brian and Sandy's group have done the best job. We get whole – getting $10 million to $50 million upgrades of the whole network because of the security implications, how it ties together. It also gives us a seat at the boardroom where on the one hand, we can say you either disrupt or you die. And on the other hand, your major fear of a CEO or a board is what happens if we have a problem? How do I minimize it? How do I know I've done everything possible? And don't save me a couple hundred thousand dollars on a white label box that causes me a problem. So our win rate goes way up and our relevance goes way up. And you will continue to see us move in terms of additional moves as we go in the future. Chuck, I'm going ask you maybe just to comment about his indirect question, which is acquisitions. Don't tie down to a specific industry, but your overall view of innovation, how we defined it before, and your thoughts about are we going to continue with the model if that includes acquisitions in that model.
John T. Chambers: Now Mel always kicks me underneath the table. And since it's my last one, we won't comment on rumors about acquisitions or not, but I wouldn't bet on the one that you heard today. Sorry, Mel. I know I'm going to break all kinds of rules today. Chuck, they're yours to rebuild.
John T. Chambers: So let me first say it very crisply. Chuck is the CEO, period. He will make the decisions. I will be an advisor to him and I'll be very involved where he wants me to be. The things I love most are vision and strategy. I love time with customers, strategic partnerships, acquisitions, and whatever else Chuck wants me to do. I will be his wing man, period, in terms of how we do this. We were beginning to graph out our time. I think, Chuck, both your and my calendar is full, full time for about four months, and I'm trying to in this job be working about half-time. So, Chuck, the one assignment I give on this transition is to get me to half-time sometime in the fall because the hunting season is coming up.
John T. Chambers: Yes. My wife got Chuck's number so she could text him when it was time for me to go on the road again. But it's a nice way of saying that as we look forward, the transition will be very smooth. I will be an advisor and a coach for Chuck. We will not talk about that publicly. And I will do work where we can add value. I think a model that's similar is what Intel's done with Andy [Bryant] and BK [Brian Krzanich], where BK uses Andy very effectively with the board in key projects areas. And candidly, I think, Chuck, you went down to talk to BK – Brian about what that role might be. But it's Chuck's decision on this. And, Chuck, maybe your comments and you could also share what you plan to do over the next 90 days, if you want.
John T. Chambers: So a series of questions. Let me take part of them, and then Kelly can kick me or not. You are going to see us move more and more into recurring revenue and deferred revenue. The art is to do both at the same time, Chuck, and I believe in 'and'. We want to grow our revenue in the short term and long term and our profits in the short term and long term faster than revenue. But we clearly are moving rapidly through that transition. Probably the best example to give you on what's been successful would be the example in terms of what we're doing in the security space in terms of Meraki where you begin to probably split it two dollars for one dollar. Two dollars for current, one dollar is for later. And as Chuck said, you start with a $100 million pace and you go all the way to a $600 million pace fairly quickly. The second would be collaboration. The numbers were great on collaboration at 7% growth in TelePresence units and 66% year-over-year growth, and the new products being developed in I think was 12 months with the deferred pipe and 18 months to market with only 200 people. But what I loved about this quarter with collaboration is their deferred revenue went up 20% to $1.1 billion on the quarter, so you're beginning to build recurring revenue and deferred revenue pipeline that feels very good. In terms of our capital allocation, you're going to see us remain committed to delivering our capital allocation, as Kelly has outlined, and we'll continue to be aggressive with a minimum of our free cash flow going to our shareholders. And you'll see us – we wouldn't have started the dividend if we didn't anticipate regularly raising it. And you're going to see us be active in the share repurchase as well in terms of the capital allocation. So no major change there, Mark.
John T. Chambers: Tal, we've known each other for a long time, but I'm going to be very direct. When you have switching revenues up 11% last quarter, up 6% this quarter, it's off the charts. And if I would have told anybody on this call two years ago that I'd be getting questions about switching revenues only growing 6% in the quarter, you would have said you've got to be kidding me because everybody was modeling zero and they were modeling margins to go down. Kelly, our margins on the switching actually were at the higher end of our range. They've been remarkably consistent for the last eight quarters. So all this garbage about new players coming in and software coming in and white label killing our approach was entirely wrong. And the feeder system looks really good. If you watch at the campus level, you have all of the drivers of low-end switching, from IOE to digitization to security to mobility all driving this upgrade in wireless. And then at the high end, we're in the middle of a transition, which we executed remarkably well and we took the pain. We announced the products early. We knew there would be a transition from the Nexus 9000 to the Nexus 7000. The Nexus 9000 growth is off the charts. I want to be careful with my word selection. We are beating our competitors that you all were worried about. We moved past them in less than one year of shipment. We're growing sequentially 27% where our competitors are modeling to the market flat sequential growth. That is market share gains at tremendous speed. Now it will take us a couple more quarters to work through the Nexus 7000 decline and get it balanced out and you'll see us move a lot of the capabilities of the Nexus 9000 to the Nexus 7000 over the next couple of quarters. I know, Chuck, you've got that with one with Pankaj and the balance. So the bottom line on switching, we're taking share, we feel really good, we're going to kick the other competitors, and it's a very good growth market, and I will never apologize for growth in mid-single-digits on switching.
John T. Chambers: It's interesting, and I want to think about how to answer that or maybe have Chuck answer it on the next conference call in more detail on it. But almost all of these sales are no longer about switching and routing. They are purely outcome-based, and it is GDP growth, it's inclusion of minorities, it's job creation, it's healthcare, it's education, it's the citizens experience, and the businesses it goes across all industries, and what you do is you pull through everything at one time. And so when we think about the total value of digitizing a company or a country, you suddenly see where we do these programs, those accounts grow at 10% – 15% faster than what they did during our prior model in terms of the opportunity on it. And in terms of routing and switching, you can see the numbers. I would expect that other segments of the market, as SP and emerging come back to life, and they will. I think SP we will see in a couple of quarters, not because of CapEx spend but our positioning. In emerging, eventually these three countries will level back out. You will see the architecture sales where that segment outside switching and routing grow well. Now the point the Tal just asked, every time we sell these others, it bolsters switching and routing. And this is where intelligence in the network and our speed of architectures get outcomes that those do not. And that will drive the services, Gary. That will drive the margins, Kelly, across the board that we get. We might think about a way of defining it a little bit more, but the bottom line is most of our customers that are with us on the digitization don't even think about us as routing and switching anymore. And the fast-growing areas of collaboration, business messaging is one of the hottest areas growing period across the board in terms of the approach. Collaboration, if we can get 3% to 5% productivity in a company, and I think what we're doing around the Spark capability and the TelePresence and this all came together, we can do it. So it's nice way of saying I think you're going to see our areas outside of switching and routing grow rapidly. The cool thing is it pulls through switching and routing. And the best of all, architectures beat white label and free software.
John T. Chambers: Got you, so several things. First of all, on the service provider video piece, the orders were down about 20% in SP video, so I don't want to mislead anybody with the 5% revenue number. But the exciting part is we're picking up momentum in the cloud segment of this and the software in the cloud, which is clearly where we want the revenue to go. The architectural play wins here. Set-top boxes are tactical, but cloud winning on video like [Khaled] is doing there is strategic to us. Go to the U.S. If you take out one of the large service providers, you're all of a sudden instead of talking down 17%, you're talking down 6%, and the cable players had the other part. So we're starting to grow in many of these players globally, and it's just a few of them that have a major impact. Through the third part of the question, it takes a while. When Chuck announced and did the commercial operation here, Chuck then put Alison in charge of this on a global basis. But it takes literally a year to go through this transformation. Some countries pick it up quicker than others, and sometimes you have to give some of these countries and nudge after the fact. Brian's total business transformation that he and Sandy are leading, that takes longer to roll out and more time. So even if you've watched with them, there was a disruption as they moved rapidly. That's where you saw the business actually slow for a couple quarters before it took up. And then there's the whole coordination with engineering. And one of the key reasons that Chuck got this job, among others, is his ability to coordinate these resources together in division and strategy to determine the outcomes in terms of the direction. It's a nice way of saying it's a multiyear journey. The cool thing is using U.S. enterprise as an example. Once they got it going the pipeline is accelerating, and you'll see that around the world. And that's why we feel comfortable with the long-term growth, Simona, not just looking out a year or two. But we will get more than our fair share. Now let me put this in proper perspective. If you watch where we are, all of our major IT players almost without exception are going down year over year. It's a disaster in the market. If we had our midpoint of the numbers we just gave you, we will be at a record earnings per share and a record quarter in terms of revenue. So we're taking share, spend, and position the market extremely well as we go forward. So I feel very good about where we're positioned, Mel, and you're nicely saying that's going to be my last question.
John T. Chambers: All right. Let me move to close a little. It's been an honor. First, I want to thank all of you around this table. This leadership team is amazing. Our virtual table of the operating committee and leaders, it really has been an honor. It has been fun. It's been challenging, and I'm just very humbled by having this chance for 20 years. Chuck, you're going to love this job. When I look about where we are today, what excites me the most is what we've done on culture and how we've built an engine platform innovation. And if you watch the innovation we're talking about in many of these areas, what used to take thousands of people, Pankaj does with 20. We do the new mobility capability with data combining Wi-Fi with 3G and 4G in a way with 18 people in eight months. You make moves in security the same way. You bring Spark to life with business messaging with 200 people. We can now rival the best startups there are in the world and out execute them because they can build off of that capability. What gets me very comfortable about our future, I said nicely, our competitors come and go. Chuck, I'm thinking about playing golf lately. But the exciting part about where we are is that you and I are on the 18th hole and we're already ahead by five strokes in team play. And all of our competitors have hit their golf balls off into the woods they're looking for it. And we're going to finish off this game, and by the time we're through, they're still going to be looking for the golf balls. If you really look at the market and you think innovation is breaking a company in half and having to roll the dice of combining two companies that are really five companies into one, and you begin to think about having to cut expenses dramatically and then double-down that you can move to a software play only. And when we said this year at the sales meeting, and people forget that's just eight months ago, that if you look at key competitors like HP and Alcatel-Lucent and Arista and VMware and Avaya and we name several more, we said half of those won't exist in a meaningful way as competitors to us in a year. And everybody said, yeah right, look where we are already in eight months. It's a nice way of saying we're going to become the number one IT company. It's been a tremendous honor to lead this organization. It's one that will do better after me than during my time, and that's a way of saying like your kids, this team has built tremendous strength. They're going to do even better in the future. So it's really been fun for me. It's also going to be fun being your wing man, Chuck, but I'll just spend my time where you want me to spend it and enjoy this moment. And it's much like when I ran today. Mel, you judge. She said go out and run a lot this morning. I did and I was determined to set my new course record when I ran. I got stopped in the first half mile. I'd never seen this before in my life, but the biggest buck I've never seen. It was probably a 12 point, maybe 14 point. It was right in my path 10 feet from me. And I looked it right in the eyes and at first I was annoyed because I was trying to set my timing. And then I realized you want to enjoy the moment and how special that was. But I lost, I missed my timing, Mel. I didn't make it by 10 seconds. But it's a nice way of saying that we're a competitive organization, one that is far from perfect, and I've been a far from perfect leader, but one that I'm very honored to have lead and it's really nice, like a family that I want this to do even better as I move on to the next stage of my career, which is more one of a coach. So, Chuck, enjoy the moment. You're going to be a fantastic new CEO, and you're going to great things here at Cisco. And this team is literally unbeatable.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, John. So one of the key tenets that I've talked about over the last couple weeks is our need in the future to rapidly realign and adjust our portfolio based on what we're seeing with our customer base. And I think that the moves that Pankaj has made are really going to allow us to do that more effectively. And I think that will allow us to deal with, Brian, the shift that you highlighted from CapEx spend to some of the Web 2.0 players, and we're working that portfolio now. We're working closely with many of them, and I think you'll see us evolve that as necessary over the next couple quarters. I think when you think about the SP space, I think the biggest thing we've done over the last year, year and a half is that we've really achieved architectural alignment with our SP customers, understanding where they want to go, and aligning our portfolio. And I think that our speed with which we've moved into the virtual managed services space and some of the wins that we announced that John referenced at Mobile World Congress and some of the wins with Verizon and others are indicative of our alignment with where they want to go, and I think you'll see more of that from us in the future.
Charles H. Robbins: Yes, John. So as I think about M&A activity going forward, I think if you look back at our strategy for innovation, it has always combined a combination of internal R&D partnerships and acquisitions. If you just look at the landscape today that we see in the consolidation of many of our peers and competitors, and, John, you've been talking about brutal consolidations for a few quarters now. Many of those that we see out there now are really around cost synergies, candidly that are between players that perhaps aren't as strategically well positioned. And when we see that happen, that usually creates opportunity for Cisco, and that's when we usually take advantage of those situations. The others that you see out there are more driven based on real strategic alignment and strategic acceleration, and those are typically done I believe by companies who are strategically better positioned in the marketplace relative to what's going on, which is where I would argue we are right now. So when I think about it, you'll see us take advantage of the latter. We'll leverage our go-to-market, our scale, our channel to accelerate time to market. And what I would – the example I would give you is Meraki. We paid $1.2 billion for Meraki when it had $100 million in bookings, and now we're on a $600 million bookings run rate by bringing that inside and leveraging what we're able to do. And that's what you'll see from us in the future, which is really I think M&A that fits within our innovation strategy with a great deal of accountability.
Charles H. Robbins: I think, Pierre, I would say that the one thing John has been very clear with me is exactly what he just said to you, and he's been unwavering in our discussions on that. What I would say is that everyone's been asking me what our priorities are, what we're going to be focused on. And as I've said to everyone, we went through the process with the board and we prepared a great deal of our thoughts around strategy and what we would do. And now I want to just test that with our team. I want spend the next 90 days just talking to our leadership team, our employees, our customers, our partners, our shareholders, analysts to really just make sure that the theories and the things that I think we should be doing are in alignment. And I'm going to focus – beyond that, we're going to focus on aligning our resources against the best priorities for the company. I really want to focus secondly on clarity and simplification of our messages, and that's internal and external. We'll take what Gary's done and built with a lot of the operational capabilities and the processes that he's built, and we'll double down on that and continue to work. And that includes across revenue opportunities, expense areas, as well as gross margins. And then finally, we'll double down on our culture, because I think one of the things that has just made Cisco fantastic are our people. So that's a big focus area for me as well.
