Chuck Robbins: Yes, Meta, thank you. I think that the – what we have been operating under is a premise that customers will probably begin to come back to the offices in – we had been thinking sort of mid to late summer. I think if you were watching the news this morning, you heard some of the New York companies say that they may be September. But I would suspect that as companies look to prepare their offices for the return, in our case, we’ve seen significant uptake in Wi-Fi 6, as an example, as they have begun to get ready for that return. We believe that that will require switching infrastructure as people come back to the office and begin to put load on those wireless networks. We also believe that every meeting in the future is going to be a hybrid meeting, even when people are back in the office. You’ll have people in the office, and you’ll have people remote. And in order to accommodate that, we suspect most of our customers will be putting video units in every conference room they have, which again will also accommodate the hybrid work model but will also drive bandwidth requirements which could lead to switching infrastructure. So that’s the way we see it playing out over the next few months. And we would expect that with some of the solutions we have around worker safety and the collaboration portfolio and the Wi-Fi 6 build outs that we’ll continue to see some progress from our customers as they prepare to return.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, Ittai, thank you. And, look, first of all I think that if you look at the customer segments, we saw improvement across Service Provider, Commercial and Public sector. And we saw improvement in Enterprise, although it’s still negative year-over-year. But what I would tell you is, from a vertical industry perspective, we did see positive movement from industries that are not directly impacted by the pandemic. Think financial services. Think manufacturing. Think technical services. And then those that are still in the midst of the pandemic continue to struggle – hospitality, retail, transportation, energy. And so I think from that perspective, it gives us confidence that as we come out of this thing that those industries that are being depressed by the pandemic will obviously look to the future and will recover as well. So the other thing that we’ve reflected on is that when we came out of the 2008 crisis, we saw Commercial lead, and then Enterprise followed. And it’s just been a really good sign that the U.S. Commercial business this past quarter grew 6% from an orders perspective, which I think is a nice bounce. And obviously it was 1% globally. But seeing that go positive gives us also confidence in the future of the Enterprise following. As it relates to the bigger picture, I think we talked a lot about giving our customers consumption flexibility. Earlier in my comments, I actually outlined six of the strategic pillars that we’re all focused on. I’d say that we are super optimistic about the progress we’ve made in the web-scale space. We continue to deliver on our software revenues, which were $3.6 billion this quarter. And again, 76% of it coming from software, and I think that will only increase. So I think that those six pillars combined with more flexibility and consumption options for our customers and continued transition to software and a continued focus on web-scale and other growth opportunities is what we’re trying to do over the next two to three years.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, exactly, high impact. So I think as you look at the as-a-service offerings, what we’re going to do is take – we’re taking intellectual property we have in our core enterprise portfolio, we’re delivering a lot of that as both Cloud-delivered as well as Cloud-managed. Think about what we’ve done with the whole discussion we’ve had over the years about the Meraki platform and how we bring those capabilities to the rest of the portfolio, taking technologies like SD-WAN and Cloud Security and integrating those together and delivering those as a service, which, frankly, are uniquely capability – that’s a unique capability that we have. And so I think those are areas where you’ll see that continue to move forward. In addition to anything that we've sort of virtualized over the years, you can now deliver that as a service, anything that's pure software. So we're looking at every aspect of the portfolio.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. So let me start with the second one, the durability of the public sector. I think two comments on this one, clearly there is stimulus that’s flowing in both in the U.S. and around the world and I think that'll continue for some period of time, obviously and that's certainly helping. But the other thing that I think has occurred over the last year is that countries have realized that they have to invest in infrastructure, and digital infrastructure and technology to be prepared for these sorts of crises in the future. So I think that notwithstanding stimulus, I think the spending we see post-pandemic will be greater than what we saw pre-pandemic. And in fact, some of these countries have come to the conclusion that they need to take more dependency on themselves and less on some of their allies given sort of what we've seen over the last few years and so they're beefing up their technology investments from that perspective. So I think net, once a stimulus goes out, I still think you see a positive segment for a few years to come. On the web-scale front, I'll just take a minute to explain, we actually gave more information today than we've given. And over the last few years, many of you have heard me say that this was a marathon and we got a lot of work to do. And what has become clear to me over the last five quarters is that, the work that our teams have put in over the last five years has begun to pay-off. And so this quarter we saw triple digit growth year-over-year in our web-scale portfolio. As I said in earlier comments the prior four quarters, I will tell you that the growth rates range from 17% to 74%. So it's been up for the last five quarters as we've talked about. From a portfolio perspective, you asked we're selling the 8000 series which we announced in December of 2019, we're winning 400 gig franchises. We are selling some silicon, we're selling our Catalyst 9000 and we're selling the rest of the portfolio as well. And so it's been pretty broad-based relative to what we are selling them, but we feel good about the investments we've made, the hard work we put in. And the last thing I'll tell you is that, the other question you're probably going to ask is how material it is from a size perspective. And I'll tell you that last quarter that we just finished, it was 25% of our service provider segment. And over the last four quarters, it's averaged 21% of that SP segment. So it's gotten to a point where it it's meaningful. So that's why we decided to give the additional information today. Again, this business much like the service provider business that we've talked about over the years we'll have – will be big deal driven, big customer driven. So it will have a tendency to be lumpy. But I think if you look at it over the course of four quarters, six quarters, eight quarters, it's going to be a – it should continue to be positive.
Chuck Robbins: Hi Rod I'll take the first one. On the SP space, so yes, if you look at what we saw in the quarter from an order perspective, we saw a positive growth in cable, which represents about 15% of segment. We saw triple digit growth in web-scale, which is representing 25% of the segment. And then our telco business was down and that's roughly 60% of the business and primarily that is because where we are in the stages with 5G. We have roughly 35 customers around the world that were working on 5G solutions with mobile backhaul, with orchestration, with packet core. And so we're just early in that transition. And I think that particular sub-segment of SP will begin to show progress for us as we see the core backbone build-outs as we've been saying over the last few years. And the good news is we're seeing the backhaul stuff being built. We're seeing the packet core decisions get made, which means that the core network backbone decisions will be made. And the fact that we are being – having some positive success in a web-scale space would give me a high degree of confidence that those same products will bode well in the service provider space. So I think, this has been a tough segment for us for many, many years, and we're hopeful right now with the web-scale success and then with the 5G build outs underway that this could be a tailwind over the next few years for us.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, got it. Okay. So on the Acacia thing, I think it's quite clear what occurred, we didn't have China approval, we thought we did, we didn't have it in time. So we renegotiated the price because our contract with them had expired and candidly the performance they put up in the 18 months between our original deal and this deal was pretty astounding, so the price was not was not out of the question. And then we subsequently got Chinese approval and I think Scott keep me honest, but I think they have to get shareholder approval and the proxies out. So we expect that should happen, it'll happen during Q3 Tal. So China approval is done, there's no more approvals to get. It's just up to the shareholder vote at this point. So we think that is in pretty good shape. On the on the second front, let me just run through the portfolio and I'll tell you sort of how I feel about everything right now. So I think, if you look at the Mass-Scale Infrastructure, the service provider portfolio, whatever you want to call it, where the 8000 is and some of the other stuff that's being built for 5G and for 400 gig, in the mass-scale data centers, I think that portfolio is in really good shape, and I would expect it to be a very positive contributor, not only over the next year but over the next two to three years. I think that there's if I look at the campus switching infrastructure, I think with customers begin to come back they are going to look at upgrading. We've seen – we saw significant growth last quarter in demand for WiFi 6. Just to give you a data point that we don't disclose anywhere, but we had – I think our orders for WiFi grew 20% last quarter. And what typically happens is that when you effectively put a lot of load on WiFi, like WiFi 6 is going to accommodate, it's going to require an underlying infrastructure upgrade to accommodate it. And when you add to that, the video load that will likely go on to these customers as they come back to the office and put video in every conference room and continue to use video the way they've used it during the pandemic. We think that that will also be a driver. So I think we have the Catalyst 9000 portfolio, the WiFi 6portfolio. We feel good about as well. The SD-WAN technology continues to move forward. We're seeing good growth there. And I think as we deliver that technology as a service integrated with our cloud security, I think that's going to be a differentiator for us. Within the security portfolio the teams are working on a couple of very differentiated tracks on strategy, I'd say that we need – I'd say we need another six months or so to see how that evolves, but I feel good about what they plan to do. Our current portfolio is performing well and they just need to execute. So we have to see that. I think the teams have done an amazing job on what they've brought forward with the WebEx platform. Again, you have to remember in the applications space, there's probably a view on that, when it's not performing the way you would think, you got to remember all the phones are included in that space too. So while WebEx was up double digits as Scott said. You've also got the drag of the handset business, that's in there as well. But I think the WebEx work and the pace of innovation, the feature velocity, the suite aspect that they're looking at I think the teams are doing a really good job. And I think over the next year, you'll see us actually, that portfolio will continue to improve and I think we have a chance to take share back. What did I miss? And then we're working on things like full stack observability which are somewhat nascent. We're working on our edge service strategy, which is somewhat nascent, but I feel like the team – I think the portfolio is in probably as good a shape as has been in awhile. And we just have to execute.
Chuck Robbins: Yes. I think that what we see across that portfolio is we had a really good quarter actually in network firewall and cloud security. So it was a good quarter across the board, across the portfolio. And I think what you'll see is that, we're in the early phases I think of any positive impact that you would see from a SolarWinds buildup, because most of the customers are going into assess like, where am I, what have I missed, what do I need, what caused me to miss what I missed, and then they're going to move from there. So I think we're sort of in the midst of that right now, with a lot of our customers doing those kinds of assessments. But, it's been from the early parts of the pandemic when we saw VPN technology being absorbed as much as we could possibly build and then the network firewall, and then combine that with the cloud security, it feels like customers are consuming whatever security they can consume right now to try to avoid those sorts of situations. So I would think that that will continue to be positive for us.
Chuck Robbins: Yes, I think that our teams are doing a good job on that of trying to buy ahead, trying to build inventory. And I think that there's certainly some unknowns and it's certainly complex. But I think the teams have done a pretty good job navigating, and it is built into the guide. On the Campus front, I think what I described is actually what I would expect for most customers. I think, Simon, the question you ask is a philosophical discussion that we have a lot in that when customers go back, what is it going to look like? Are more employees going to stay at home? Does that mean they're going to shrink their footprint? Does COVID stay with us? Do people now believe that they want to be, they want to maintain somewhat of a social distance in the office even post-COVID until we really get well beyond it? And does that mean that you need more footprint? What's the future of shared space? Are employees comfortable coming in and sitting in a shared space that someone else occupied the day before or do they want their own space when they come in so that they feel safe in it? And I think those are the kinds of things that we don't understand. But if I net it out, I don't think, personally – this my own opinion based on customer discussions and everything else. I don't think that some of the earlier beliefs in the pandemic where the early days is like no one is going to go back to the office because we're actually productive at home. I think we sort of moved into that phase where people actually struggle mentally. People are – they're not enjoying it. One of our employees said to me the other day, I don't mind the option of working from home. I don't like being forced to work from home. And so I really believe it's going to be hybrid, where people are going to work from home and everybody's sort of landing here where they're going to work from home three days a week and work from the office two days a week or vice versa. The question is what accommodations does that lead to for customers, based on employees' concern over space issues, concern over future pandemics or other concern. That's what we just don't know yet. But I do believe, based on what we've seen with Wi-Fi 6, that tells me customers are getting ready, and they're upgrading the wireless infrastructure now. And in the Commercial space, we've seen a fair amount of the follow-on with the switching, and hopefully we'll see that in the Enterprise space beyond this quarter.
Chuck Robbins: Tim, thanks. So on the Cat 9K, I think the way I would think about it is that the license – I think you're really asking about the renewal side of that piece, which in this fiscal year is – it's not significantly material. And I think I've said on a couple of calls before it's really good, the size it is this year because it gives us a chance to test our processes and our renewal value proposition and all that stuff because it's meaningful in fiscal 2022. So the teams are working hard right now to try to get ahead of that and be ready for it. On the Cloud front, what I would say is that when we announced in December of 2019 we had a launch, the future of the internet launch, we talked about that we would be – we would sell our customers systems, integrated systems. We would sell them silicon or we would sell them white boxes. I mean, I'm sorry, our software. And we have all three of those scenarios actually playing out right now. So we have customers who have standardized on our systems for 400 gig. We have customers who are testing our silicon and actually putting it in white boxes, which is what we would expect them to do. We have some customers running our software stack on their hardware. And the people we're competing with are, they would be quite evident to you, short of me calling them out. I think these are the traditional players that have been successful in that space, and we talked a lot back years ago about the fact that we missed the first wave and we were going to work hard to be in a position when the 400 gig transition occurred and try to work our way back in and earn that business back. And I think the teams have begun to do that. So I'm really proud of what they've done.
Chuck Robbins: All right. Just to wrap up, I want to thank everybody for spending time with us today and again, just hope that everybody stays safe as we work through what we're all hopeful is the beginning of the recovery. And I think that from a business perspective, we continue to feel like that is definitely the case; that we are in the midst of a recovery, which gives us a lot of optimism. I'm proud of what our teams have done. I'm proud of the innovation that we have built during this complicated time. And we have Cisco Live coming up at the end of March where there'll be a lot of innovation that we'll be announcing. And based on that and some of the performance that we see and the continued improvement in our business, I remain fairly optimistic about where we are right now as we come through this pandemic. So we'll look forward to talking to all of you on the next call. And, Marilyn, I'll turn it back over to you.
Scott Herren: Yes, thanks, Jim, for the question. And I think there’s a couple things you have to bear in mind. Not only does the extra week in Q3 bring along with it additional revenue, it brings along additional spend as well. And we touched on this in the opening commentary. It’s about $185 million. Our expectation is about $185 million of additional spend. Coming through, when you compare year-on-year coming through from last year, we also have comp plans reset. So as you’d expect, commissions and bonuses are on a different track this year than they were last year, and FX. The weakness of the dollar is having an effect on us as well. And so when you add those up, that’s what drops through to the COGS and the OpEx line. We are on track, just to get ahead of maybe what your next question would have been. We’re on track with the $1 billion of savings that we talked about through the restructuring. That continues to go well. Almost all of that is behind us at this point, but there are some year-on-year things there that are factoring into our spend rate for this year, for this coming quarter.
Scott Herren: Yes, thanks, Paul. The pricing mix was really in line with what we’d seen over the last several quarters. And you’ll see this next week, obviously, in the Q, but I’ll go ahead and give you the data point. It was 1.6% for the second quarter, slightly better actually than what we had seen in Q1 and actually modestly better than what we’ve seen over the trailing four quarters. So pricing mix was as expected during the second quarter. I think as you look longer-term, the gross margin is going to bounce around a little. It always does. I think part of what is factoring into our view of gross margin ahead is that the benefit of a greater mix of software and services in there being somewhat offset by some of the supply chain concerns that we have right now that I think you’ve seen, not just from us, but from everyone who is building products that contain a significant amount of semiconductors. So we’re doing what you’d expect us to do on the supply chain front. We are contacting all of our key suppliers on that front. We’re leveraging kind of the volume purchase that we have, extending that supply chain further out, all with a goal of ensuring we can protect customer shipments. So there’s a little bit of a headwind coming in those lines from just the supply – the current supply chain.
Scott Herren: I think that’s right. I mean, we’ve talked about growing the percent of our business, and you’ve seen Cisco do a really nice job of growing the percent of the business coming from software and services. And, obviously, that comes through at a higher margin.
Scott Herren: Yes, again, Pierre, your model must go back to our fiscal 2006, because this was the highest gross margin we’d reported since second quarter of 2006. So you’re right from that standpoint. And again, I would just in terms of where this goes longer-term, I expect there to be a little bouncing around over the next couple of quarters given some of the supply chain concerns that everyone that’s building product based on semis. And a slight headwind still from memory. But I think everyone in the market is going to see that same set of trends. Longer-term, again, as we drive up the mix of software and services that should have a positive impact on gross margins.
Scott Herren: Hey, Pierre. It’s Chuck. I’ll take that one. And Scott is pretty proud of the immediate impact he had by delivering the record gross margins being here very short time.
Scott Herren: And Rod this is Scott on the FX impact. As you know in most markets we price in USD. So there's a limited impact from FX on the top line. But of course with the weaker dollar, we have employees worldwide and obviously you pay them in local currency. And so when you translate that back, it has a – it creates a bit of a headwind for us on the OpEx side. I'm hesitant to give you an exact figure on that, but just so you can understand the dynamics that's the way it works. And it has created a headwind for us during the second quarter.
Scott Herren: Yes, we didn't really see any impact on our ability to get product out the door during the second quarter. The team has stayed on top of the supply chain scenario, and it's been evolving, as you know, throughout the quarter. As we look ahead at Q3, that is something that is factored into our guide, both in our expectations on the top line and on the gross margin line. But it really hasn't been – in the second quarter at least, it hasn't been a significant headwind for us.
Scott Herren: Sure. Sami, we did have a couple of acquisitions that closed during the second quarter but they were both quite small. Strategically important but not meaningful in terms of adding to the Q3 guide, we've got some more meaningful ones that we do expect to close during the quarter. Obviously, Acacia would be meaningful. We've got IMImobile which we expect to close during the quarter, which will have some level of impact on the guide. Neither of those are factored in at this point. So as we get those closed – and at this point it's not exactly certain when they'll close, which is why they're not currently factored into the guide – as those close, we'll give you some insight into what our expectations are for them.
