Melissa Selcher: Thanks, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 88th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, Senior Director of Analyst Investor Relations, and I'm joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations; and Gary Moore, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The Q2 fiscal year 2011 press release is on U.S. high tech Marketwire and on the Cisco website at http://newsroom.cisco.com. I would like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides. In those slides, you will find financial information that we cover during this call, as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you may find helpful. Additionally, downloadable Q2 financial statements will be available following the call in the Investor Relations section of our website, including revenue and gross margin by geographic segment, as well as revenue by product categories. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet and cash flow statements can also be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents. An audio replay of this call will be available from February 8 through February 15 at (866) 493-8039 or (203) 369-1749 for international callers. A webcast replay is available from February 8 through April 20 on Cisco's Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. Throughout this conference call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The financial results in the press release are unaudited. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, and as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the most recent reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. I will now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Great. Thanks, John. We will now open the floor to questions and answers. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please open the floor to questions.
Melissa Selcher: Great. Thanks, John, and thanks, Gary, Frank and Rob. Cisco's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our third quarter fiscal 2012 results, will be on Wednesday, May 9, 2012, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. In anticipation of our continued business and geographic growth and increased use of new models -- business models, we are implementing enhanced planning and reporting processes. To accommodate these changes, all future quarterly earnings calls will take place one week later than our historical schedule effective Q4 FY '12. Our Q4 earnings call will take place on August 15. The timing of our Q3 call will not change.  Additionally, downloadable Q2 FY '12 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue and gross margin by geography and revenue by product categories. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets and cash flow statements can be found in our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents.  Again, I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations Department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
John T. Chambers: Frank, thank you very much. Moving forward, I would like to provide some perspective on Q2 and our momentum going into the second half of FY '12.  We believe our vision, strategy, financial strengths, broad architectural approach, as well as our culture that accepts change, positions us well for growth. We have always used these market transitions to make bold and tough decisions, and then to execute in a way that further extends our leadership over our peers. For several quarters in a row, our business orders appear to be growing faster than many of our comparable industry peers. Rob, I just want to say a great job by you, by Chuck, by Nick, by Edzard and Chris, very, very solid and Paul. So across-the-board nice job and we're expecting it again.
John T. Chambers: We also want to continue our focus on operational excellence, driving productivity and making Cisco a simpler place to work and for our customers to do business with. At the same time, organizing Cisco in a way we believe our customers will buy and our products will need to be developed, given the major market transitions that are occurring and creating the opportunity that we discussed earlier.  Gary, I did just want to congratulate you on the services group. I think what you've done and the team's focus on gross margins, the overall operational excellence, the customer ease of doing business, you see it across the board. So doing a super job. I want to thank you for that, what Angel's doing is really great. Well done.
John T. Chambers: It really is. Good progress but a long way to go, good journey. In every major market transition over the last 20 years, we have historically emerged stronger and with more market share and with intense target focus. In our opinion, we are on our way to doing the same once again. But it is a journey, and we are still in the early stages.  You will continue to see us move aggressively to pull away from our competitors as they adjust to these market challenges, having already made these changes well ahead of our competition. This is also a competitive advantage for us, in our opinion.  Industry challenges and our own challenges this year cause us to make needed changes. But as we said last quarter and I'm repeating this quarter, we will not stop here. We will aggressively continue to change and transform and drive our Cisco entrepreneurial spirit through the combination of innovation and operational excellence.  At the same time, we will maintain our laser focus on creating value for our shareholders, customers, partners and employees. You will continue to see us a very focused, innovative, agile, aggressive and lean Cisco moving forward.  The major transitions from an information technology to business technology are accelerating in our enterprise, service provider, public sector and commercial accounts, and across most industries and geographies. Although we are only in the early stages of this transformation, our ability to use innovative solutions and intelligent networks to enable our customers to achieve their goals and their growth, productivity, cost savings, new consumption and business models is increasing and achieving increased customer acceptance.  These are, in many ways, unusual times. On one hand, the business feels good. The demand for Cisco products and services is healthy, and our relationship with our customers are the strongest they have ever been. On the other hand, there is significant uncertainty in the broader macro environment, and as such, it is prudent for us to remain conservative in our outlook for the second half of the fiscal year. For the remainder of FY '12, you can expect us to make the required investments to advance our market leadership and drive innovation while holding to our financial model.  I want to thank our employees, our Cisco family for the speed and willingness to change that has positioned us to move with our customers and drive value for our shareholders. I know it has not been easy, but you all have executed and adapted to these challenges and opportunities extremely well. And that, more than anything else, embodies the Cisco franchise: our ability to merge quickly, stronger and more focused and more driven, as we have in the past. Our Q1 and Q2 results certainly reflect that. I want to thank our shareholders, employees, customers and partners as we've transitioned to the reinvigorated Cisco, the aggressive, focused and simplified Cisco you have come to expect over the years.  Mel, with that, let me turn it over to you.
John T. Chambers: Sure. So in reverse sequence to the way you asked it. If you look at pervasive video and you look at -- and the importance of intelligent networks and you look at how these tie together with routing, switching, the cloud, data center, UCS, Bring Your Own Device, mobility, all these pieces come together. Without intelligent routing, it doesn't work. And so the ability, whether it's on the Edge with the ASR 5000, the ASR 9000, both of which we had very, very good quarters, or the ability in the data center to tie it out or the ability from any device to bring it forward, as you begin to talk about proliferation in video with intelligence underneath that so you can search to it, so you can push it to common communities of interest, the routing, well, switching will actually blur. The lines between service provider and enterprise and commercial will blur, and the consumer. If you don't have an architecture that goes across all of those, you're going to be a piece player, buried somewhere in the cloud, behind the scenes, in my opinion. We're well positioned, although we can improve in each of these categories. And so I see routing continue to be a very important factor. It isn't that it isn't a growth market. The price performance in routing is we keep really setting new challenges for ourself and others just like we did in switching. And yet as you watch, to have routing grow to the high single digits at 8% was pretty solid. I think when we did the financial conference, Frank, the numbers that we gave for routing was actually a little bit below where we are, but in the mid to high single-digits in terms of the approach. Now without me changing that because I'm not going to do it at this time, we are very pleased in a market that is not growing as well. We still have challenges in public sector where we are the leader by a long way in terms of share. And it was down in the Federal Government by 14% in a market where Southern Europe was down 14%, in a market where even small countries, like an Argentina because of export-import issues, was down dramatically. In effect, our number in Latin America and with India, Gary, a little bit slower than we'd like it to see especially in the public sector. So I feel good about routers being a key part of where we're going to go. Rob, when you won a big deal along with Edzard and team and Nick and Pankaj in Korea, it was about an architectural play where it isn't about individual component parts. I apologize if I get pumped up on that, but I feel very good about where we are on it and it will be a key part of our ingredients. In terms of the deals in Asia, they will constantly new deals pop up, but we completed the large orders to Asia both this quarter and last quarter.
John T. Chambers: Okay. So in sequence that you raised it. The 12% was revenue growth, not orders. And if you look at where we're going in the service provider, we are becoming the sweet spot. It doesn't matter if you're talking to Time Warner or Verizon and AT&T, a Sprint, a Deutsche Telekom, a British Telecom, a Telefonica, an NTT, a China Mobile, a Telstra, all of which we have in the last month at multiple levels. Our role in terms of what they're trying to accomplish is changing. And so we are, in our opinion, and Simona, you're pretty good at verifying this, getting a much larger share of their spend. In terms of our ability to provide value way beyond "a router," back to the earlier question that was asked, they don't buy routing. They buy an architectural play from the data center all the way up. And repeating the Korean telecom and what Chairman Lee did there, he's aligned with us all the way from the data center all, the way to smart services that his company delivers across 16 countries. So our role in service providers as they focus on the key elements: mobility. Mobility. The second key element, video. Both for entertainment video and business video. Third key element, cloud. Cloud is it delivers new services, opens up new revenue opportunities for them. Fourth key element: How do you dramatically cut costs in this environment? And how do you balance within it? We're getting a pretty clear lineup in terms of how we play in these categories. Now are we replacing our peers and competitors in here? Rob, I'm going to let you talk about that.
John T. Chambers: Okay. So if I look at the data center end market, it is a market that is in tremendous transition at a very fast pace. We bet, and we were lucky, but we also listen to customers, over 6 years ago on this market and developed products and skunk works for 4 years to really address it at the same time we built an architecture that high-end routing would handle billions of videos. In terms of the importance to us, it is major because we believe this will actually be a free flow of data centers and clouds, private and public, coming together and with the capability for enterprise customers, as an example, but the same thing is true for commercials or even consumer to be able to migrate wherever they want to purchase in terms of the capability or invest within the architecture. We do think it will blur completely between server technology and networking technology and storage across applications and across-the-board, and that's where our partnership with VMware and EMC was very, very good. And [indiscernible], she made some very positive comments about our $800 million run rate in that category where we share in terms of the market and the growth. In terms of our numbers, you saw the growth again very close to 100% with the 2 combined, but it is the ability to provide these overall services. Now while I won't particularly talk about an individual customer, but in the massively scalable data centers, we're picking up momentum, Rob, pretty good. And we've been able to track both engineering talent as well as sales talent to go after it aggressively. So key to our future. You see the end user market changing. But this is where the change is taking place, where you're going to reduce your cost in the data center. And data centers as they consolidate are going to have reduced total CapEx. We do the same within ours. I think Rebecca's down by about $25 million as she consolidates the data centers, per year savings and yet delivering dramatically more capability. So this is a share of wallet based on market transitions. Rob, you're looking like you want to jump in.
John T. Chambers: And Simon, we're expanding on your question because you allow us to hit 3 or 4 areas at the same time. Rob, if I remember right, in terms of both our UCS sales and cloud sales, as well as video, our commercial, and as example in the U.S. territory, had almost half the deals. So it isn't just with the people's focus on massively scalable data centers. Gary, I'm going to ask you to pull this together because if you think about it, what our customers are also asking us is services. They want the whole offer, Rob, that you kind of, I think, invented here for us. And services are playing an increasing role. That's where we actually added headcount this quarter. Kind of bring that home in terms of what you're seeing in terms of how the market's evolving and what role we're trying to play here.
John T. Chambers: It's interesting. We have not done a good job, by we, let's start with me, in terms of really talking about our innovation on almost every product front that we talk about, from collaboration to cloud to video capability to the data center to switching and routing playing architecturally together to business models to the integration of services. When you talk to our customers what they wanted, it doesn't matter if it's a country what they want, such as Canada or Russia or the Middle East or India, or a company, they want us to help them in this transition. And services plays a very integral role in both reducing the risk, being able to take ownership. And that is a transition that is even occurring in emerging countries where while price per port is important or price per user, average revenue per user is important, they also realize the ability to move effectively in this, perhaps is an area that I think we can add a lot more value to. So Simon, thank you for letting us answer about 4 questions, and we reversed it. Normally, we hold to one question, but I thought it was an important area to hit.
John T. Chambers: Okay. I'm not sure we're going to be able to answer that last question specifically, so I'm going to give Frank just a second to think about it. And I'm not sure we can answer too specifically without giving away our gross margins on UCS, which we clearly don't want to do, Frank, in terms of [indiscernible]. But if you look at what's occurring in the market, I think we're well positioned in terms of our ability to get share of wallet spend. You all have to make your own decision on that. And there are things that, Gary, we've got to do better as well. But we're making very, very good progress. So I think what you want to look at is the macro issue, kind of the macro issue. I think we're all aware in Europe, although I would split it into 3 categories, Northern Europe, Central Europe and Southern Europe, and with the Northern and the U.K. component part of that going better than most people anticipate. In terms of public sector spending, it's going to be tough. U.S. federal budgets, anybody that thinks that those aren't coming down dramatically this next year? And it will vary by department. So if you're only in a department that happens to be spending money, it might be different. Or if you're part of large projects where your products are automatically built into it, that there's one of my peers reminding us. They said, "John, you're a great leading indicator. We are not. We are lagging because often, it takes almost a year to work through the systems in terms of our direction and power." You are seeing some challenges still in India that we talked about. That's primarily public sector. And I would hope that the business leaders and the Indian Government and the citizens come together on that. But then you're having some bumps like Argentina where their import-exports issues take a major problem. And while it's not a big number, it's a big number relative to Latin America. A nice way of saying there are a number of challenges in the marketplace, not the least of which has been a surprise to us of our peers. And many of our peers have been very conservative, and I think, Frank, the vast majority of those who reported in our industry, I think, 70%, have actually guided down versus expectations already in the market. We clearly are guiding up versus what the consensus was for this next quarter. So I think that's a conservative approach. You would be disappointed in anything else. And given all the variables that are going on, even though we made, in relative terms, positive comments about Northern Europe, I think this is what the better part of prudence would be in terms of the direction, and one that we will focus on again. But it is conservative. Real quick answer on UCS without giving too much detail.
John T. Chambers: Got you. A fair challenge. So going in the sequence you raised it. If you look at the overarching issue across Asia Pacific, Japan and China, while we do it as one region, it is probably 5 or 6 different regions. And the margins in Australia and New Zealand and Japan are more in the developed market type of margins. The margins in China and in India and some of the other countries are more the emerging price points. However, if you don't get this as a land grab, Rob, early on when the franchisers start to get built out, you miss on it for the next number of years. And so as you look at this, I would look and anticipate that we improve our margins by account over time as we earn more and more of their confidence. What is fascinating to me were, Gary, you were just there in India, and Rob, you and I get there regularly, is they -- the service providers in India used to make it entirely on price points. They're now realizing that isn't their core competency. They're realizing we bring value, our peers do not, and looking at it from an architectural. They still, however, beat the tar out of us on the balance of this market, and we will participate aggressively in striking that right balance while still maintaining our financial model. This is why you have to think about the markets different. And Asia is an exploding market. You must play to get across the board with a little bit different business model. Now our ability to compete effectively there is improving. So the ability to not only contain this approach in Asia, as is appropriate, is absolutely being seen in the neighboring countries like Japan and Korea and Australia and New Zealand, where our ability to bring to service providers dramatically more value-add in terms of their profitability, their new markets, their ability to introduce new services at a faster pace, their ability to cut their support spending, that's something that very few other people can do. And over time, Rob, we're in that same type of ride in emerging markets. But you've got to get into that opportunity, and you've got to get your share established. And you've got to send a message to your competitor: "we will take you on in your home territory." We will take you on aggressively in your home territory, and we will selectively pick the deals we want to be in long term. So Tal, that's I'd answer it. I think in summary, what you heard from all of us today -- and it's hard to look way far out, but over the remainder of this fiscal year, we like the progress we're making in gross margins, we like the balance that we have the whole company focused on it, we're paying ourselves lead on profitability not just on bookings. And so we're all over it, but we would also agree this is one of the categories that I think you'll continue to see us improve on. And there'll be bumps along the road. Some of those will be necessary bumps to get market share that will hold for profitability later. But there will also be a couple of bumps we have to do better ourselves. But I like the work we've done in gross margins, and I'd probably give us pretty good grades at this time. Now, Gary, it's up to Angel and team and the engineering team and supply chain to continue this focus and what Collette [ph] and others are doing. But I feel good about it.
John T. Chambers: We listen, we listen. And we'll continue to listen. We knew that the honeymoon on doing a dividend would be very short lived and that we must look at that on a regular sequence about increasing it. And our goal is clearly to do that.
John T. Chambers: Okay. So the answer is the last point that you made and set me up with a question. Most service providers will absolutely pay more if they get more. Their problem is very simple, as you articulated very well. Their capital spend was going up, using the U.S. as example for some of those service providers, at twice the rate their revenues were, and the profitability in the revenues were sliding. So this is where you see them get excited about what they can do in cloud and delivering services. This is where you see them getting excited about new mobile capability. This is where you get to see them excited about moving to video into the home, which is why we must be in that set-top box business, going to a hybrid-type approach, growing clearly to the cloud and the data center. And this is where, I think, you see, perhaps more than any other time, Mark, why we had to play across architectures, which we clearly bet on a decade ago, and why we're getting better at operations of them, Gary, in doing better at efficiencies and ease of doing business. These are bets and good execution we've done over a period of time. Nick Adamo and Pankaj are joined at the hips on this, along with Sameer from the services side on it. So I think we have share of wallet opportunities in front of us that will continue way more than a couple of years. But secondly, for any CEO, you turn to them and say, "I can bring you a certain amount of revenue, and I can increase your profits." And if they believe you can do that and you show it a step at a time, then it's a very good model and it plays right into our sweet spot on it. And we don't compete against them like several of our large data center peers. This is a market that we do not compete against them. We enable them as we move forward.
John T. Chambers: I knew that last one is coming. So in terms of sequence, if you look at where we are, we have historically done pretty good job on deals, and the ideal one has not changed. 100 engineers, a product about to come to market and there are customers who say, "Go buy them." And our ability to ramp that through, I would argue, is the best in industry, and our shareholders have really benefited from it. The 2 most recent big deals are Starent and TANDBERG, both of which are growing very well for us, allowed us to expand our footprint in the market and allowed us to integrate it tighter, et cetera. We all know that in an industry where the vast majority of them fail, I personally believe 80% to 90%, our hit rate is much higher than that of our peers. And probably the only other -- one other player, Oracle, is good at the acquisitions of the scale that we're talking about. In terms of our size, we believe you partner big-to-big, you acquire big-to-small. And that's how we approach our market in terms of direction. In terms of the cash balance, we clearly built up a little bit more because it's easier if we buy small company to pay cash for that as opposed to other segments. What I read in the merge -- the M&A activity, we'll play across multiple groups in it. We normally have done very well. I would hold Ned and the engineering team accountable to continue to do well in this space. And in terms of the debt, I still believe that every other country in the world understands you must bring back your profits outside a country into their existing country at 0% to 2%. I think regardless which president wins, whether it's the Republican side or the Democrat side, they will have to address that this next year. In the interim, make no mistake about it, when you look at the Prime Minister of Canada or the Prime Minister of England or the Prime Minister of India, they're saying, "What do I need to do to get your jobs here?" And they are partnering with business. They will say: "How do we grow it here?" "How do you keep your employment here directly?" So you will see us supply regardless which way it goes. But I am still -- I haven't changed at all. I always believe when there's a very logical solution to a problem, that will eventually come around. And I'm bringing back a policy of consistently bringing back foreign earnings is the only we stay on exports type of direction. So I would not think of it in terms of incremental debt, that you don't ever close any doors. But Frank, I think, basically, we are where we're headed pretty consistently where we are. And by the way, congratulations. $3.1 billion free cash flow was excellent. All right, your decision about number of questions to go.
John T. Chambers: So if I were to summarize, Brian, your question and kind of use it as the closing for the call, if you will, Mel, our vision and strategy is working very well. It's a continuous journey, and we're making good progress on it. And Gary, we're making great progress in terms of operational excellence, but that is a multiyear journey and making good steps along the way. Rob, I couldn't be more proud of what the sales force has done. I mean, your momentum and share gains and really taking it to competitors in an aggressive but fun and fair way is going to continue, and that feels very, very good. Record revenues, earnings, growing profits faster than sales. I don't think it could have been a much better quarter in terms of the trends, and I appreciate your comments on that. Five foundational priorities, there are always elements in foundational priorities we want to do better in, and you probably have a feel for those. But they were solid this quarter, and a couple I want to see us do a better job on. Unusual balance in terms of geography, customer segments and products, given what's occurring on a global basis. Our watch-outs and caveats are largely macro or spending within a category type of comment. And I think you'll hear from our customers and you see it by how they view us as opposed to an individual product company, an innovation company with innovative products and innovative way to help them solve their type of business needs and with the core intelligent networks made up of routing and switching and other devices that our peers don't have integrated together. And at the present time, we've done exactly what we outlined in our 2- to 3-year plan for the first couple of quarters. We said we're going to focus on the 5 foundational priorities. We made good progress on all 5. We said we'll become more innovative and move faster. We've done that well. We said we're going to be simpler for our customers, which we already had the best customer relationships, but boy, Gary, we've made good progress there. And Joe Pinto and Randy Pond deserve multiple gold stars, as well as everybody else, working toward that. And we're moving with a faster speed on innovation and our ability to get tighter to our customers and the value we bring is there. So I would summarize it as a solid quarter. It's just one step along the journey. We don't want to get too far ahead of our headlights, especially given what we're hearing from our peers. And while I'm a little bit more optimistic on Europe, a little bit is just a little bit. They get serious challenges they have to address, especially for Southern Europe, on that. And the federal spending is going to be tough. I think India will work its way out. So it's a nice summary back on what we can control or influence. I'd give us reasonably good marks on it. I want to see us do better. On the other issues, we have to be conservative, as we've always been, in terms of interfacing to you. Please give Mel and team and myself and others feedback, both today and tomorrow as well as ongoing, on what you think we have to improve on, the value of the call, have we got it about right in terms of how we had prepared comments and then Q&A and any other constructive criticism, either in terms of the direction of the company or in terms of making the call even more effective for you. We're very open. So with that, Mel, let me turn it back to you.
Frank A. Calderoni: So Jess, let me start by just reiterating what we talked about back at the Financial Analyst Conference in September. So the model that we've put in place is really over a 3-year period of time, and we're looking at clearly with the overall objective of growing profits faster than revenue. And from a model standpoint, and I know I've talked about this a lot over the last couple of months, we're looking at, over that extended period of time, revenue growth, 5% to 7% and EPS in the 7% to 9%, growing faster. Within that, we're looking at operating income, as I talked about, in the mid-20s and getting that right balance. Now I did say back then and we've continued to say that we feel that, that model is -- we want to make it conservative so that it's realistic and achievable and we have the ability to continue to have an opportunity to overachieve where we can. In this past quarter, in Q2, our non-GAAP operating margin was 28.4%, and we also had our expense of -- at -- achieving ahead of schedule, $3.9 billion, which is 34% of revenue, and we talked about trying to get to that $1 billion expense reduction. We were going to get there in Q3. We did it a quarter earlier. That early achievement gave us operating leverage, clearly, significant operating leverage in the second quarter. But it's one quarter, and I want to make sure that we again look at this over a longer period of time and really focus on that long-term model. And the key thing here for us going forward -- and a lot of the groundwork that we laid in the last couple of quarters is being able to make sure that we've continue to drive productivity, and we expect to do that. I mean, if you ask anyone here and around the company, that's #1 focus for all of us. And we know...
Frank A. Calderoni: Yes, well, that's a big part of it, too. And we want to make sure that we can continue to invest in the portfolio to drive innovation. And that's -- in our business, that's also with M&A. John talked about M&A. And we want to make sure that when we do this, we're supporting the 5 foundational priorities. So it's that balance, staying with that long-term model and working that operating margin, making necessary investments to continue to drive productivity, knowing that investors are looking for that operating leverage that we've talked about with growing profits faster than revenue.
Frank A. Calderoni: So John, if I add to that. I think that's a good question. The key thing they want to put on this is managing the portfolio. We've been managing this portfolio now for 2 decades, and we're always going to have different dynamics from a quarter-to-quarter standpoint. I think clearly, what we've emphasized over the last number of quarters, especially the last 4 or 5 quarters, is this whole portfolio approach and really kind of making this a very systemic focus item across the company, really driving across company as a major initiative, making sure we have the right incentives in sales and engineering, make sure we're driving margin and cost improvement and also making sure that these cost improvements are not just short term, that we continue to have them ongoing and that we continue to make emphasis. So we'll continue to do all that and balancing the portfolio. And I think the success that we've had in the past will be also the ability to kind of balance this going forward. Yes, we did have some mix dynamics, as you talked about, primarily with strength in data center as well as SP Video. The pricing was relatively stable this quarter, as we've seen in the last couple of quarters, and that's a good thing. And we've got cost improvements to offset that. We'll continue to work those cost improvements, and we have some other opportunities as we go forward. The guidance I gave for this coming quarter, Q3, is 61.5% to 62%. We try to kind of work that and have that conservative so we can do better than that as well, and I think that kind of allows us to have this continuity that we've seen in the last couple of quarters continue for the rest of the year.
Frank A. Calderoni: John, overall, if you look at it from a sequential standpoint, overall product gross margins were down, as I said, slightly by 0.4 of a point. If you look at the -- we had a benefit from a cost standpoint, which pretty much offset the -- what we normally would expect from a price range. But the delta, couple of tenths of a point, was related to mix, and the mix was driven by, as I mentioned before, a combination of UCS or data center as well as strength in our SP Video. So I would say a portion of that delta was driven by mix. But as I said before, we're doing many things to kind of look at other cost benefits as we go forward, continue to keep managing and managing that gross margin portfolio.
Frank A. Calderoni: Yes, absolutely. And the value engineering work, while we've made great progress, is really on the front end of that. So I feel our ability to stay competitive and hit those ranges very clearly.
Robert W. Lloyd: Sure, John. I would love to. I know you would. But I know that Simona was asking indirectly where some of the negative growth and weak outlook at some of our competitors are reflecting on a changing CapEx patterns. We heard one of those competitors claim that their Tier 1 SPs in the United States have reduced their spending, they've seen weakness in Japan and delayed projects in China. In fact, we saw just the opposite. We had high-end routing revenues in both the United States and in China. We're up in the high teens. And actually, our high-end revenues in Japan nearly doubled in the last quarter. So there is a clear change in our position in terms of the market. We're gaining relevance, and we're winning back major franchises in Tier 1 providers around the world. I do agree with you that some of the CapEx right now is being prioritized and that prioritization is going towards mobility and towards cloud. And in that place, I think our service provider customers are very happy where we stand, and I think they feel we're headed absolutely in the right direction.
Robert W. Lloyd: I was just going to add, John, that there is clearly a segment that we appeal to with our full architecture, and that's the enterprise-class workloads that are migrating to this platform. So we do see general-purpose applications, like Exchange, SharePoint, SAP, migrating to our UCS architecture. The growing one that's very exciting for all of us is the virtual desktop infrastructure moving in this environment. And of course, there's Unified Communications, our own apps. So I think the question is what does the blade server appeal to? It's enterprise-class applications or private clouds. And obviously, for the public services, then, many providers will be delivering based on Cisco architecture.
Robert W. Lloyd: Just to summarize, John. 5 consecutive quarters of market share gains with the CRS-1 and CRS-3, and 3 consecutive quarters of market share gains with the ASR 9000, ASR 5000 and ASR 1000. So I think the answer is in all of those environments, even in challenging CapEx environments, we're winning market share.
