Terry Anderson: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our 86th quarterly conference call. This is Terry Anderson and I'm joined today by John Chambers, our Chairman and CEO; Gary Moore, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The Q4 fiscal year 2011 press release is on U.S. high tech market wire and on the Cisco website at www.newsroom.cisco.com. I'd like to remind you that we have a corresponding webcast with slides. In those slides, you will find financial information we cover during this conference call as well as additional financial metrics and analysis that you may find helpful. Additionally, downloadable Q4 and full fiscal year 2011 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue by product and geography. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheet and cash flow statements can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast slides and these documents. A replay of this call will be available via telephone from August 10 through August 17 at (866) 357-4205 or (203) 369-0122 for international callers. A replay will also be available from August 10 through October 21 on Cisco's Investor Relations website at www.investor.cisco.com. Throughout this conference call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Our commentary today will be providing information on both our Q4 and full fiscal 2011 financial results. The financial results in the press release are unaudited. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we will discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and any applicable amendments which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. I'll now turn the call over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Terry Anderson: Thank you, John. So yes, we'll now open the floor to Q&A. As a reminder, we do request that sell-side analysts please ask only one question. With that, operator, please open the floor to questions.
Terry Anderson: Great, okay. Actually, we'll queue the last question here, and you can perhaps wrap with that, John. Last question please.
Terry Anderson: Great. Thank you. So in closing, Cisco's next quarterly conference call, which will reflect our full or excuse me, our first fiscal quarter 2012 results, will be on Wednesday, November 9, 2011, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Cisco will be hosting our annual Financial Analyst Conference on Tuesday, September 13, 2011, in San Jose, and we'll also be providing a live webcast. Additionally, downloadable Q4 and FY '11 financial statements will be available following the call, including revenue segments by product and geography. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets and cash flow statements can be found at our website in the Investor Relations section. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access the webcast live and these documents.  Again, I'd like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its long-standing policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and your continued support, and this concludes our call.
John Chambers: Frank, thank you very much. Summary comments from my end and then to the Q&A session. Moving forward, we would like to give you some perspective on Q1 and our momentum going into fiscal year '12. We believe our broad portfolio positions us well for growth in fiscal year '12. Our networking peers have recently found themselves in similarly challenging transitions. We have always used these market conditions to make bold and tough decisions and then execute it in a way that further extended our lead versus our peers.  Our clear goal is to do this once again. We have already made and implemented many of the decisions to achieve our next phase of growth in the next 3 to 5 years, and the creation of value for our shareholders. You will now see us move aggressively to pull away from more competitors as they adjust to these market challenges. Having already made these changes well ahead of our competition, this is also a competitive advantage for us.  While it'd be easy to say that this is a broad industry challenge and, therefore, only make the changes we have outlined so far, that is clearly not what we will do. We will achieve a better balance of our entrepreneurial and operational capabilities. We'll also move aggressively to create value for our shareholders, customers, partners and employees.  In simple terms, you will find us to be a very focused, agile, lean and aggressive company this next year. We do not underestimate the transitions in front of us or the importance to rapidly simplify our organization to deal with the many challenges facing us, especially in switching public sector and now the global financial concerns.  As we have shown by our tough and bold decisions last quarter, we are committed to a leadership team to make the required fundamental changes to our operating model. We clearly intend to use these market inflection points to position Cisco to lead. I have always believed that our strategy starts and stops with customers and our partners that serve them. As you would expect in the last quarter, I've talked to hundreds of customers and top partners in individual meetings. While I thought and hope that they would stay committed to Cisco during our transition, I found that, without exception, although I'm sure there are some out there, that not only are they remaining committed to Cisco, because of our unique value we bring them, but they also want and expect us to win. This is clearly what we are going to do now.  To summarize this simply, our entire company is ready to accelerate. Our employees are ready for this change, and they know what an energized Cisco is capable of achieving. Throughout our history, Cisco has adopted and evolved to meet both challenges and opportunities. This time is no different in terms of results, although we will clearly do it in a different, more simplified and accountable way that we have done before. Make no mistake about it, all the efforts we're putting in place are focused on driving shareholder value while continuing to stay focused on the success of our customers, employees and partners.  I want to thank our shareholders, employees, customers and partners as we transition to the reinvigorated Cisco, the aggressive, focused and simplified Cisco you've come to expect over the years.  Terry, I'll turn it over to you for the Q&A.
John Chambers: Okay, a couple of thoughts. First is Q1 is a real tough comparative quarter because in Q1 of last year, our product orders were already up 10%, and our product revenues were up 20% and total revenues up 19%. So when you look year-over-year on that, it's very tough, Simona, to balance the 2. So I would not infer at all that we're signaling a disproportionate change in order rates. We do think that you will see a slowdown due to the changes we made and we've put that into our model. Our sales team, and I want to congratulate Rob, has been remarkably accurate over the last 120 days on both as a team and in total on their projections. So we're modeling in a little bit of conservativeness on the macro issue but actually, I think many of the things that you actually said in your notes, you were remarkably accurate on in terms of our plans and thoughts. Nice way of saying -- No. I think we would expect orders to grow faster than revenues in Q1, just as we said in Q4.
John Chambers: Okay. In the sequence that you talked about, in terms of year-over-year product bookings, it was about 8% year-over-year in fiscal year '11, 11% in the fourth quarter. In terms of the quarter orders, it wasn't me but one of our team absolutely did say that we had a good July and we did. But the orders were pretty consistent throughout the 3 months following into our normal order pattern. May was a little bit strong. June was okay, and July was a little bit strong. So each of the quarters had good year-over-year growth but we finished with a very strong July. We always have sales in cities [ph] on Q4 because people making their goals are looking at how they come in to extra money by getting the orders in, et cetera, and this quarter was no different from that perspective. In terms of the public sector effect, I don't have that number. I might be able to kind of look at it as we work through this but I might have to, Nikos, answer that question another time.
John Chambers: Sure. We saw our strongest quarter by far and away in service providers this last quarter. We saw the growth consistent in almost all major geographies, total growth 19% on new orders, growth in the U.S. to 15% in terms of the orders. Routing was, in terms of booking, very, very strong. Areas like our CRS had the strongest growth that we've seen in a long time, 65% year-over-year. Movement into areas such as the ASR 9000, and since we got some of the features that we needed for certain parts of the world, saw 156% increase in terms of orders. The 1000 saw a 40% increase in terms of the orders. And no, we saw service provider spending in this most recent quarter very, very solid. Now the second part of your question. Many of the service providers have different goals in terms of their revenue growth with the capital expense growth. If you're in areas where they're growing; i.e. mobile; i.e. video, especially entertainment; i.e. cloud where they're providing services and capabilities to the customers; and if you're a company that can help bring customers to their service providers, you're getting a lot of the opportunity that some of our peers may not be experiencing. So I think our win rate was up dramatically versus our peers, and you saw us take on some of our toughest Asia competitors right in their home countries. And as you expect, there's going to be a little bit of discounting to win those deals. But we're doing very well in every major geography. And service provider trends on CapEx, I think, like AT&T said this in the last month or so is they actually increased their expenditures for the second half of the year. So we did not see that nor did we see any major effect in service providers even in countries like Japan where we saw 13% growth year-over-year.
John Chambers: Okay. First the good news is the year-over-year comparison start to get more favorable in a couple of quarters. Secondly, for whatever reason, Tal, as you know, we tend to see changes 2 to 4 quarters ahead of our peers. I used to say I'm not sure if that's good or bad, I don't like it. It's clearly a challenge for us, but it does allow you to change once you see it. We saw the -- to answer your question in a little bit more detail, the state and local government, as an example, in the U.S. We began to see the weaknesses as we've said during Q2, first in state and local government and connected the dots, and we thought it was going to increase in terms of the challenges in state and local government, which it did, and then it would logically flow on to the federal side of the house. If you look at how those orders have occurred in the last 2 quarters, as we said this quarter, federal was down 18% in Q3, a quarter ago, it was down 21%. In terms of state and local, it was down 2% this quarter, down 8% in terms of the quarter before that. The programs actually -- many of them are getting cut. And you're seeing people make very tough decisions in terms of the budget and direction. Even e-rates, you're seeing questions about do the schools, do you spend money on networking, which is clearly your capability to wire your schools differently and get almost a 4:1 assist from the federal government? Or do you put that 20% -- 28% into teacher salaries? And so there are trade-offs going. You're seeing this pressure on a global basis, every major country's going through it. Unfortunately, the minute, using the state and local as an example starts to come back a little bit, we see other aspects in federal or we see other aspects and other governments around the world. I think we're going to be in a couple more quarters in terms of the direction. We do not have the large projects that many of our peers have that are locked in and have to continue so they probably will feel the effects of it further out in future quarters in terms of the direction.
John Chambers: So in terms of the gross margins overall, as you would expect us, we've done a lot of heavy lifting on value engineering. We are paying both our engineering leads and our sales leads on total profit, including gross margin goals. Clear ownership of each gross margin in each product category, and we're coming at it in all aspects from supply chain, as Gary said earlier, to regular in-depth reviews with a great deal of focus in terms of the direction. In terms of the challenges, the better we do with UCS, it was about 1% decrease in gross margins this quarter. It does put pressure on the gross margins. What we're looking at and what Frank alluded to very directly is, we're using Q1 as kind of a baseline that we don't see dramatic changes on for the short-term future in terms of the direction. Our gross margins on our larger products might go up or down in any given quarter but they're often balanced in terms of our new products improving on their gross margins in terms of directions overall. So I know that didn't answer all 4 of your questions. I went to the one that you are probably most interested in which is the gross margins, our focus on that and our ability to -- if I would've told you a year ago, switching was only going to be down 1.4% over the year, you'd probably said unlikely. Yet we've made a great deal of progress in all of our switching products in terms of improving gross margins. We'll do the same thing in routing and we'll do the same thing in terms of our data center products as we move forward, Mark.
John Chambers: Make no mistake about it. Everyone in the company is focused on margins and with specific responsibility for the areas of responsibility that they control.
John Chambers: Okay, I'll combine them both and Terry won't let me do it again in terms of the growth. What we're learning to do in the enterprise and commercial is do a much better job of selling the whole solution. We start with the business fundamentals the customer is trying to solve on their -- it doesn't matter how they interface to their customers or how they bring their expertise to innovate faster or productivity. And then we often lead with the new products, i.e. video or collaboration or the data center, to achieve those goals. And it does pull along usually well in excess of 2x the core routing and switching with it. So that's one of the fundamental changes. When we've done this in scale, and I would say, Brian and Allison have done it in the U.S. enterprise and commercial market, there weren't any abnormal incentives on that but they did it very effectively with discipline across all of their sales reps, and you saw a ramp-up and a win rate that was very high. We clearly intend to take those type of processes globally in terms of the touch in direction and to feed the engine that's growing most rapidly. I would watch the enterprise and commercial growth. We think, it will grow, be the most predictable and grow very well in terms of during normal economic times. And if we were to see surprises there, moving from double digits as an example or midteens as an example, then that would be an indication in capital spending that would cause us alarm. But no, you were absolutely right that in enterprise and commercial, especially in the U.S., where we have a little bit more focused discipline on this and we're going to take it globally, the growth was very sustainable, and our value to the customers, they often view us as if they're #1 IT partner. In terms of growth in public sector, there is a lot of opportunity on cloud. We're seeing our cloud opportunities double almost every month in terms of opportunities within the government but especially here in the U.S. You're seeing a lot of emphasis in terms of how do you save on travel, so you see areas like the video playing a key role and we're clearly going to focus on that in terms of direction. And so we'll move where they'll be spending their money, but those will be 2 of the areas that come to mind, Rod.
John Chambers: Why don't, Gary, you or Frank take the first part of the question, and then I'll weave the second part into one of the other questions. And let Frank...
John Chambers: Real quick answer on the side of the 7k, we're improving by about 1 point, 1.5 points per quarter. We need to do better in that.
John Chambers: We're actually a little bit ahead of schedule. On the share count, we might handle that a little bit later.
John Chambers: Got you. So questions in terms of key product areas. I'm trying to see where wireless was. I know it had a good quarter. I'm trying to find out where it was in terms of the direction. I'm going to shoot from the hip if I don't see the number. It was up 26% in terms of bookings and about 33% in terms of revenue. In terms of the connected home, you are seeing us largely move out from that scenario. We'll continue to stay focused with Linksys in terms of key product area. We'll improve the gross margins on Linksys and the growth rates, and I think Martin will do a good job on that. Let me also answer your indirect question. A couple of areas that people had questions on about are we going to stay involved in? Let me say very explicitly. Areas like WebEx. Collaboration will be an architectural sale. It will combine Quad, WebEx, TelePresence, any device to any content over any combination of the networks, and that's why it was so important to have Medianet now go across all of our enterprise customers in terms of the direction. WebEx, we left it a part too long. We brought it in at the beginning of this last fiscal year, and you saw it move from negative growth to mid-20s in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 actually grew at 60%. In terms of set-top boxes, we are very much committed to this marketplace. You will see us move, however, from traditional set-top boxes to IP set-top boxes to Videoscape. Receptivity, so far, has been very, very good in terms of that direction, and you actually saw our Scientific Atlanta group grow about 10% in orders and 11% in terms of revenues this year. In terms of Smart Grid, it's a market that we think has tremendous opportunities. You're seeing growth year-over-year in the hundreds of percent, and we've won a large number of the jump balls around the world from Russia to Australia to Canada to here in the U.S. It's a market that we think plays right into our sweet spot, and we're doing it with open standards, have very good confidence in that direction. In terms of what gives me confidence on it, I might close with that question once we get 2 more questions, so I would do that in terms. Terry, if you could give me a couple more questions then I'll close with that last scenario.
John Chambers: The answer is you have -- absolutely have that read right. We've clearly cut deeper. So we get back, reinvest. We reinvest in engineering by a couple of hundred million as an example. You also saw us cut deeper because we're watching currency issues, and we clearly have to cut deeper because, next year, assuming that we hit our plan and we are going to do that, we have to pay bonuses to our employees, which we didn't have as much of this year. So those had to be covered in terms of our cutting into the fabric. So let me answer the prior question. It's a good one to wrap it up with. What makes us confident? If you watch what is occurring, we position, I think, ourselves very well to lead as the role of the network and intelligent networks plays a much more strategic role in service providers, enterprise commercial customers and even in the public sector. In terms of why we're confident, the more we put focus on our customers, the faster we have grown. And candidly, we've taken it to our competitors pretty good this last quarter, even with all the media being brutal on us. We clearly won the majority of jump balls, and you can see us continue to do that, both with our traditional router competitors, which we will pick up a lot of share on this next quarter but also with some of the large data center players, who are into the switching segment, they clearly have not taken hardly any market share from us in the last year, if at all. And we're taking an awful lot of share in terms of the data centers. So we're going to be aggressive in terms of the competition and aggressive on recruiting the people. In terms of the role of the network, we had been the leader in these 5 key primary areas, and they are difficult to combine together. The architectural play is working. No one else is really approaching it that way in terms of the direction. We have the clear leadership position in almost every category starting with each customer segment at the enterprise, service provider, commercial and public sector. Each of the 3 regions we're leading in clearly. You begin to bring that down to the top 10 countries, all of them experienced growth in the double digits in orders except U.S., which was 9%. You bring it down to emerging markets, the top BRICs plus Mexico grew an average of 25% year-over-year both in terms of bookings and revenues this year. And as we realign our regions to give more resources to the other emerging countries, then we'll focus about how we take them up from what's a 5% or 6% growth, more to what we've been able to experience in our targeted emerging markets. In terms of the product families, we're leading in routing by a long way, and that lead is actually going to expand. In terms of switching, I think we've probably seen the toughest part of switching and you always want to be careful saying that with all the appropriate caveats but both in terms of gross margin pressure and price pressure and competitors, I think we've weathered that storm pretty well, and now we need to focus in some of the areas without losing momentum there. In terms of the areas of the future, the cloud, we're remarkably well positioned. TelePresence has just changed it to whole new video architecture. You look at creating value for our customers, very solid. We're #1 customer satisfaction in both services and overall. And we just reorganized Cisco really to focus on simplification, which means we're going to drive innovation, we're going to drive out cost and productivity better. So while I wish we had never had to go through this, it clearly was time for a fundamental change at Cisco, and even though our peers are now experiencing the challenges we saw 2 to 3 quarters ahead of time, we're not going to not only not slow down, we're actually going to accelerate and go after it. I feel very confident about Q1 in terms of what we can control and influence, and we have built some conservatism into it as you would fully expect us to do. So with that, Terry, let me turn it back over to you.
Frank Calderoni: And Mark, as I had mentioned earlier, we'll be talking more about our longer-term gross margin profile at the Financial Analyst Conference coming up in September and also address a little bit more about the question you had about the financial profile.
Frank Calderoni: John, what I would -- I mention this earlier in the prepared remarks but if you look at excluding the benefits, some of the nonrecurring items that we had in the third quarter, the non-GAAP product gross margins have ranged in the last 3 quarters in that 61% to 62%. So although we've always had a lot of variations or mix dynamics within, they've been pretty much in that range, which I think is good as it relates to how we're carrying that forward.
Frank Calderoni: So let me -- just starting back, just give you a little bit of color on the gross margins for Q4. I assume you're asking Q3 to Q4. So I'll start with the product gross margins and then kind of go into talk about the services, which is part of your question. So from a product gross margin standpoint, we did see the margins come down about 2 points quarter-on-quarter. Now as you recall, and I mentioned this earlier, we did have some nonrecurring benefits that we had in Q3, specifically as it relates to some warranty and the legal settlements that benefited the margin last quarter that does not reoccur this quarter. So one of those points of decline related to that. The second part of the other point was a combination of some mix as far as looking at some of our lower-margin products like UCS and some of our set-top box that had strong quarters, that had a negative impact on the margin. And then we also had some manufacturing-related costs. One of the key things which I wanted to stress which I mentioned earlier, when you look at anything I said here or even the comparison to Q3 to Q4, is our pricing was pretty flat quarter-on-quarter when you start looking at pricing and rebates. So I think that was a major trend that we just kind of saw from one quarter. So that's kind of positioning where we are on the product side. On the services side, clearly, we had improvements. In margin, we went from 67% to 68.6% quarter-on-quarter or an improvement of 1.6%, which then had a positive impact overall for the company. As I mentioned, we have -- this is the end of the fiscal year, it's one of the quarters where we have a lot of services activity and renewals that go on, that does tend to help our margin profile in the quarter, some of which is recurring, some of which is not that we take into consideration when we set the guidance for next quarter. But overall, I would say very good profile within our services business. So when you look at both on the technical side, which is where we tend to have the best margins. But even on the advisory services, there was some good results there as well.
Frank Calderoni: Of course, so let me take that on the OpEx side first. So you had the headcount actually increasing that we've been working throughout the year, and that has actually, when you look at the ramp of where the headcount had been coming on in Q3, we had some additions that came on in Q3 which then increased the overall cost or the expense in Q4, that was the driver. Of course, now that's changing. As we move into FY '12, I'll come back to that. We had several other unique items that tend to be more seasonal toward the end of the year. We had some engineering projects that we're closing in on Q4, and we had certain events on the marketing side with our Cisco Live and various efforts like that, that drove higher costs. We had some other value engineering projects that we worked through this quarter, I'm just giving you kind of some deltas quarter-on-quarter. Of course, that's going to provide some benefit as we look at margins. We talked about that already going forward with some of the efforts that we have underway. And then we also have some other currency that was a factor from a quarter-on-quarter standpoint, and we look at our expenses from a dollar standpoint, and as the dollar, if you look at it, actually weakened quarter-on-quarter that drove an item there. So all those variances were pretty well established in the quarter, driving that growth on a year-on-year basis. Yes, that is the baseline that we had talked about going forward. I mentioned in the guidance for Q1 that we expect to take that down $150 million as it relates to Q1, and then we'll continue to see a reduction on that expense going forward in Q2 and Q3 as we continue to see some of the other reductions from a resource standpoint taking place in our non-U.S. geographies. So we talked about $1 billion, we'll have $600 million on a run rate basis after Q1, and then we'll have further improvement in Q2 and Q3. We expect, right now, based on the modeling that we're doing, that we'll get to the run rate in that Q3, early Q4 timeframe and we'll continue to make that progress. But we feel fairly comfortable that we're well underway from that standpoint.
