Marilyn Mora: Thanks, Sam. Welcome everyone to Cisco's second quarter fiscal 2017 quarterly earnings conference call. This is Marilyn Mora, Head of Investor Relations and I'm joined by Chuck Robbins, our CEO, and Kelly Kramer, our CFO. By now you should have seen our earnings press release. A corresponding webcast with slides, including supplemental information, will be available on our website in the Investor Relations section following the call. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found in the Financial Information section of our Investor Relations website. Throughout this conference call we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results, and will discuss product results in terms of revenue and geographic and customer results in terms of product orders, unless stated otherwise. All comparisons throughout this call will be made on a year-over-year basis unless stated otherwise. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements, including the guidance we will be providing for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. They are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on form 10-K and 10-Q which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. With respect to guidance, please also see the slides and press release that accompany this call for further details. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. As a reminder, in Q2 fiscal 2016, on November 20, 2015, we completed the sale of the customer premises equipment portion of our SP video connected devices business and accordingly had no revenue or expense from that business in Q2 fiscal 2017. As such, all of the revenue, non-GAAP and product orders information we will be discussing is normalized to exclude the SP video CPE business from our historical results. We have provided historical financial information for the SP video CPE business in the slides that accompany this call and on our website, to help understand these impacts. As a reminder, the guidance we provided during our Q1 earnings call also has been normalized in the same way. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chuck.
Marilyn Mora: Great. Thanks, Chuck. Sam, let's go ahead and open the line for questions. And I just wanted to remind folks while Sam is doing that, I'd like to remind the audience that we ask you to ask one question.
Marilyn Mora: All right. Well, thank you. And that was our last question for today. I'm going to turn it over to Chuck for some closing remarks.
Marilyn Mora: Thank you, Chuck. So Cisco's next quarterly earnings conference call, which will reflect our fiscal year 2017 third quarter results, will be on Wednesday, May 17, 2017, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Again, I'd like to remind the audience that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco's policy is not to comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. We now plan to close the call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out and contact the Cisco Investor Relations group, and we thank you very much for joining the call today.
Charles H. Robbins: Thanks, Kelly. Once again we had a solid quarter and I'm pleased with how we're executing against our strategy. Let me summarize why I'm confident in our ability to bring even greater value to our customers, partners and shareholders. First, we delivered strong innovation in key areas such as security, collaboration, and next-generation data center as we continue to also drive innovation in our core. Second, we have strong momentum in our transition as seen with 51% growth in our product-deferred revenue related to our recurring software and subscriptions as we continue to add more software offers like you see with Cisco Spark Board. Third, profitable growth. We continue to stay focused on driving productivity and operational efficiencies. And lastly, we remain committed to increasing shareholder return as you've seen with our dividend increase of 12%. Our customers have never cared more about what technology can do for their business. They're looking for speed, agility, visibility and security in everything that they do. Cisco is uniquely qualified to meet these demands with our ability to drive automation, analytics with intelligence and security, all the way from the network to the application, and that's why I'm confident in our future. Marilyn, now I'll turn it back to you for questions.
Charles H. Robbins: That correct? Justin, thanks for the question. It's pretty timely, in fact. Obviously there's been a lot of uncertainty on the Ericsson side and we believe that all the original business drivers that led us to establish the partnership with Ericsson are still very valid. I think we have had some 300 customer engagements together. And their new CEO came onboard just about five weeks ago, I believe, and we have been in a great deal of discussion since then on ways in which we could accelerate the partnership. He is committed to continuing and trying to make this as successful as we possibly can. We're going to meet again in Barcelona at Mobile World Congress and I'd say we're focused right now on, how do we accelerate from here.
Charles H. Robbins: I think, Mitch, first priority will be strategic investments that we'll make and then obviously followed with a focus on continued capital allocation and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. So it would be a combination.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah thanks, Jeff. So as we look at MSDC, what we've given you guys over the last few quarters is sort of a very fixed list of 10 customers that we have given. And I've said over and over that we have been spending a lot of time with these customers, really focused on understanding what their unique needs are. Frankly, some of them are so big, they're a market of one and to themselves. And I'm very pleased with the progress we're making. If you look at those 10, just to give you the numbers this time, overall those 10 would be down. But if you normalize out one of those providers and you take the combination of the other nine – and that one has some pretty tough year-over-year comps – the other nine were up double digits. And we have one of the largest that was up triple digits for the second quarter in a row. So I feel like we're making good progress, but we still have a long way to go.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah thanks, Ittai. We can always count on you for that question. So first of all, I think in our next-gen data center switching portfolio, you can see continued performance and continued good adoption of those solutions from our customer base. I think on the hyperconverged, we certainly would like to see it moving more quickly. We have recently had a release of software that has helped with some of the capabilities, and I think that there are a couple more coming that should continue to give us more capabilities in that space. And I think that we're also looking, as you would expect, at our broad strategy in the data center and where we need to go to ensure that we best position ourselves going forward. So that work is going on as well right now, Ittai.
Charles H. Robbins: No, you know what, it's a great question. I think that when you look at the improvement we've been making around our transition to software and subscription business, you can assume that we'll continue to look for people who have those kinds of capabilities. And if you look at even the AppDynamics acquisition, David Wadhwadi, who is their CEO, was one of the key drivers behind the software transition that occurred at Adobe. So he very much understands how this transition will occur. You can assume that we're adding talent in the areas of artificial intelligence, machine learning, analytics, software skills around simplicity and automation. As you know, if you look at our core, one of the biggest things our customers are looking for is to take out the cost of operating this infrastructure. And so as we build out automation capabilities that allow them to very dynamically change their environments as opposed to the manual way it's been done in the past, those skill sets as well. So it's a combination of all of those in addition to security and all the other areas you mentioned, so it's broad based.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, Steve, just I want to just make a couple of comments on this. One, if you look six quarters ago when I came into the job, our overall revenue, our recurring revenue was 26% in the first four quarters. We spent time taking our teams and helping our teams understand the transition that we were going to make. So in the first four quarters, we gained 2 points. We took it up to 28%, and in the last two quarters we've added 3% so we've accelerated it. So it's going to 31 in the last two quarters. And on the product side, that went from 6% to 7% in the first year and then in the last two quarters, it's gone from 7% to 10%. So I think we're finding ways to move that forward. As it relates to the core, I think you'll see us come out with services around automation and analytics and other things that will be sold as subscriptions on top of the platforms. And the last thing I'll tell you is that we pulled one of the key leaders from the security portfolio, who had really driven the whole product management portion of that transition to the heavy content of software and subscription that you see today, and he is now leading that force in our core networking space in the enterprise networking. So it's clearly a focus that he's trying to drive for us.
Charles H. Robbins: Hey, Mark. First off, I'll take the repatriation and the M&A question and, Kelly, you can take the next one. So and you're free to make comments on mine as well, so.
Charles H. Robbins: I think our M&A strategy is going to remain intact. Repatriation doesn't fundamentally change how we think about what we're going to do going forward. You can assume that we'll continue to look for opportunities that drive the business value and the relevance to our customers like we did with AppD. I mean, they have a tremendous platform that really translates application analytics to real business performance information for our customers. And just to comment on AppDynamics, they have a very robust enterprise solution that is delivered either from the cloud or on premise and can be delivered to the customer on premise or in the cloud. So it's very flexible. And they basically have 275 of the Fortune 2000 and they really have never had a substantial partner model. So those are the reasons we think that makes a lot of sense. So strategic alignment and the ability for us to take it through our ecosystem are always positive. So, Kelly, comments on the deferred and the margins.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, I'll take the SP question, Kelly. So, Jess, on the service provider space, it's really similar to last time. We talked about SP CapEx. Different service providers are looking at different areas of investment depending on what's going on in their network. So you have some who are looking at macro radio densification as an example and others are looking at building out capacity in the core. And it's a segment that is very dominated by large customers. So from a quarter-to-quarter basis, any number of customers that make any sort of shift in their buying behavior can have an impact either positively or negatively. So it's a space that I would just encourage you to look at longer term. But we did see, you know, we saw definite improvement. We saw, I would say from a regional perspective, what I would tell you is the Americas was very strong and we saw general weakness in Europe and in the China space you had a lot of this SP video implication that Kelly was talking about earlier. So overall, I think the teams did a great job. I think the teams are working incredibly well on sort of the next generation of capabilities in the platforms and in some of the software and automation, and some of the same themes that we've been talking about in the enterprise core networks, and I feel good about where they are right now.
Charles H. Robbins: Yeah, just a couple of comments, and first of all, I want to just thank you all again for joining us today. We did deliver strong innovation I believe which was reflective in the performance that we've had in security, collaboration, next-gen data center, and we continue to drive innovation in our core enterprise and SP portfolio. The deferred revenue from our subscription and software businesses is indicative I think of the transition that you should continue to expect from us. We will continue to focus on driving profitable growth with productivity and operational efficiencies, and you also can count on the fact that we remain very committed to our shareholder return as was indicated in both our buybacks and our dividend and then the increase in the dividend this quarter. So I just want to thank all of you for being with us today. And then, Marilyn, I'll let you take it from here. Thank you.
Kelly A. Kramer: No, I think just to add to that, I think we do feel good about what we're seeing from macro in the U.S. certainly, and in commercial and enterprise. And I'd say to your point, Pierre, when you do adjust for that extra week last year, our guide, we always call it like we see it. And it does show a bit of improvement there on both the top line and bottom line. So I think – like Chuck said, I think the U.S. is solid, and again we're still cautious on outside the U.S. and Europe and Asia.
Kelly A. Kramer: Well again, as we continue to accelerate the growth, as we're continuing to grow it like we have been growing it, I referred it may get even more until it evens out, but in the last few quarters it has been in that range.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, we don't share gross margins by business unit, but I can tell you, the margins are growing in our security portfolio overall between the mix of the growth in these areas and the acquisitions and the SaaS businesses we've been adding. So it's very accretive to the Cisco average.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, that's a great question, Steve. Yeah. So actually product as a percentage of my total product revenue, it's up to 10% now this quarter for the first time, so we're happy about that. And we are trying to make that shift in the core part of the business. Cisco ONE is an example of where we are taking our ELAs and our big cross enterprise ELAs that really are a core networking business to do that. So we're trying to find ways to find other offers. I'll just point to another example though like the Spark Board that Chuck mentioned. It's a great new innovation and extension of TelePresence, but it's a great example of where we're selling that. We used to sell it always as a system. Now we're selling the equipment, but we're selling it with a subscription. So that's an example of how we've been able to kind of to drive new offers that had been traditionally just pure system or hardware. And again, the teams are driving hard to find more ways to accelerate new offers that way.
Kelly A. Kramer: Yeah, on the deferred, Mark, I mean that is part of why we're trying to make this shift to software. It's our customers want those offers and to have easier way to run their IT departments. But it clearly enables us to get higher margins, for sure. And it's not only just the gross margin coming out of deferred revenue, but we're looking at our whole end-to-end operations, and how we go to market, how we drive operations in the back end here. And there's real opportunities to drive both gross margins and operating margins. So that's why we're so focused on it. That's why we're looking at acquisitions to add to it, and it will continue to help improve our mix on the margins line.
Kelly A. Kramer: Sure. I'll start on the supplier component issue. So yeah, those articles are out there. We have had an issue from a supplier come out, and we did book a reserve for $125 million, you can see in our GAAP results and in the press release, to cover that. We always, and continue to stand by our customers through any situations like this. This is very proactive. This is a failure rate that will happen over time, but we're working with our customers to work through that. So we're not anticipating any impact from that from a top line perspective.
Kelly A. Kramer: Sure, so yeah. So that 51% growth is year-over-year growth of over $1.3 billion and everything's growing in that space. I'd say from a pure size, collaboration and security and Meraki are the biggest pieces of that, because they have just continued to grow their businesses significantly. And they're all growing huge double digits. But I will also say my switching, my routing, as well as data center and we've done Cisco ONE bundles as well as big enterprise license agreements. They've also been growing huge double digits as well. So at the end of the day, the year-over-year increase is across the board. Everything is up massively to drive to that 51%. And again, just the biggest chunk of it between collaboration, security and wireless, they are two-thirds I'd say of the balance, but the other pieces are rapidly -
Kelly A. Kramer: Not as of right now. Again, we're working very proactively with our customers and in terms of how quickly and where they want to do their replacement. So we're working very, very closely, but as of right now we have not seen and don't anticipate any massive revenue impact from this.
