Melissa Selcher: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to our 95th quarterly conference call. This is Melissa Selcher, and I’m joined by John Chambers, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Frank Calderoni, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Rob Lloyd, President of Development and Sales; and Gary Moore, President and Chief Operating Officer. I would like to remind you that we have corresponding webcast with slides on our website in the Investor Relations section. Income statements, full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation information, balance sheets, cash flow statements and other financial information can also be found on the Investor Relations website. As it’s customary in Q1, we have made certain reclassification to prior period amounts to conform to the current periods presentation, the reclassified amount have been posted on our website. Click on the Financial Reporting section of the website to access these documents. Throughout this call, we will be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. The matters we will be discussing today include forward-looking statements and as such are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on the Form 10-K and any applicable amendments, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Unauthorized recording of this conference call is not permitted. All comparisons throughout this call will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise stated. I will now turn it over to John for his commentary on the quarter.
Melissa Selcher: Thanks, John. I wanted to clarify one comment John made during his product statement. We are not quite yet number one in blade server market. We are number two in that blade server market.  All right. We'll now open the floor to Q&A. We still request that sell side analysts please ask only one question. Operator please open the floor to questions.
Melissa Selcher: Yes, absolutely. Thanks John. Cisco's next quarterly call, which will reflect our FY’14 second quarter results will be on Wednesday, February 12, 2014 at 1.30 p.m. Pacific Time, 4.30 p.m. Eastern Time. Again, I would like to remind you that in light of Regulation FD, Cisco plans to retain its longstanding policy to not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it's done through an explicit public disclosure. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions from this call. Thank you for your participation and continued support. This concludes our call.
Frank Calderoni: Thank, John. Let me now provide a few comments on our outlook for the second quarter. Let me remind you again that our comments include forward-looking statements and you should review our recent SEC filings that identify important risk factors and understand that actual results could materially differ from those contained in the forward-looking statement. And that actual results could be above or below our guidance.  The guidance we are providing is on a non-GAAP basis with a reconciliation to GAAP. As we look to Q2 FY’14, we do not anticipate material improvement in our order growth. This is impacting our revenue guidance for Q2. Given our orders performance in Q1, our backlog is significantly lower than we anticipated. As a point reference, approximately 70% of our product revenue is dependent on new orders each quarter.  With that in mind, we expect total revenue to decline in the range of 8% to 10% on a year-over-year basis. For the second quarter we anticipate non-GAAP product gross margin – non-GAAP margin to be in the range of 61% to 62%. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q2 is expected to be in the range of 27.5% to 28.5%. Our non-GAAP tax provision rate is expected to be approximately 21% in the second quarter. Our Q2 FY ‘14, non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to range from $0.45 to $0.47 per share. Given the guidance for Q2 ‘14 and the shift in momentum in our business, we thought it would be helpful to provide investors and share more detail on the full year of the fiscal year. We expect our FY ‘14 non-GAAP earnings per share to range from a $1.95 to $2.05. Within this, we suggest you model revenue conservatively. We have a strong handle on our gross margins, operating expenses and cash flow and we believe we can deliver this level of profitability even in an uncertain growth environment. We are not changing our long-term financial model. We continually revaluate our long-term model as you would expect as the market changes. We will update you at our Financial Analyst Conference in December, if we see the need for any adjustments. We remain focused on driving profits faster than revenue. We anticipate our GAAP earnings to be lower than our non-GAAP EPS by $0.10 to $0.14 per share in Q2 and $0.45 to $0.60 for the full year. This range includes an impact of approximately $100 million in Q2 ‘14 and $550 million for the full year, as a result of our anticipated restructuring charges related to our workforce reduction plan that we announced last quarter. Please see the slides that accompany this webcast for more detail. Other than those quantified items noted previously, there are no other significant differences between our GAAP and our non-GAAP guidance. This guidance assumes no additional acquisitions, asset impairments, restructurings and tax or other events which may or may not be significant. As a reminder, Cisco will not comment on its financial guidance during the quarter unless it is done through an explicit public disclosure. I thank you and turn it back over to John.
Frank Calderoni: No. I think you covered it, John. I mean, it includes the key things what you said, material shortfall and orders in the back half of Q1 and specifically as we saw in October. This immediately hits not only affected our Q1 performance with the revenue being shorter than what we had provided in our guidance. So you are looking at the mid range of our guidance but it also ended up with a significant shortfall in the backlog at the end of Q1 and that affects the business opportunity that we have going into Q2. And then overall if you look at the business momentum now in Q2, specifically in emerging markets and service provider as you articulated earlier, those businesses as well the most challenged in Q2, when you look at that offset by the related impact that we have with the services business that ties to that as well that results in the guidance that we provided.
Frank Calderoni: I think then what you articulate and we're trying to do too, the amount of inconsistent data is just causing customers to hesitate including at the country level.
Frank Calderoni: So, if you look at the deferred revenue, Amitabh, the deferred revenue was up around 11%. If you look at underneath what that is, that shows a lot of the business that we have on collaboration side, which is moving to more of the recurring. So we have more deferral associated with some of the offerings that we have there. That's a majority of where that is. So that’s the good news from the perspective, it starts to show some of the momentum that we have in the collaboration businesses, is one of the businesses John mentioned earlier that we have been really investing in on the product portfolio over the past year and we're looking at this product set over longer period of time and also looking at some of the model that our customers are looking to purchase. And some of that is going to be more of a recurring revenue model which is kind of improving the deferred revenue.
Frank Calderoni: And the number I gave, that's 11% year-on-year for product and then the services was up about 2%, total deferred revenue up about 5%.
Frank Calderoni: There were two questions. One, Mark asked if Sourcefire is included in the guidance and the answer is yes. And secondly, as far as looking at, you were asking about op expense and restructuring. We talked last quarter about the portfolio that we were carrying into FY’14 making the adjustments to ensure that we're making the investments and being able to afford the acquisitions that we did like Sourcefire, like Composite Software to make sure that we are emphasizing areas in the portfolio [indiscernible] growth opportunities like security, like mobility, like cloud, like services. And we put plans in place to be able to do that.  We feel right now we've got to continue to execute to that. We do have more just continuing on what we announced on the restructuring, we did some this past quarter, with some another quarter, outside the United States which was part of the plan. And then the other important thing is to make sure that as we go through the fiscal year, that we continue to make sure that we follow through on those investments both the acquisitions as well as the internal investments. So that we can see the ability for a long term growth.
John Chambers: Frank, thank you very much. There is no doubt that the pace have changed that we all feel and see is only accelerating. As I have been saying throughout this calendar year, things that used to occur in five years are happening in three. Things that used to happen in two to four quarters are occurring in one quarter. This is a new market reality. Let me be very clear, change has always been good for Cisco. We used these times to get closer to our customers, transform our business and drive new opportunities. I speak with many of you, our shareholders during the year and appreciate the investment you are making and understanding our business, including attending our launches and events, as many of you did in New York last week. I note from those meetings that you understand our strategy and where we can take this company. I also know that while we see these transitions as opportunities, these transitions can create unwelcome quarter-to-quarter volatility and can be frustrating for long-term shareholders. As we have always done, we’ll commit to you to be transparent, letting you, our shareholders see the challenges and the opportunities as we see them. We remain very confident in our long-term strategy and are committed to managing the business to ensure we drive the greatest long-term value for our customers, employees, partners and shareholders. What can you expect as we address the opportunities, cycles and challenges in our business and the market over the next several quarters? First, I realized many of you spend a lot of time speaking with our customers and channel partners. As you know, our relationship with the customers has never being stronger. We are winning and they know it. They have asked us to play a bigger role in partnering with them to drive their business outcomes. We will continue to move quickly to capitalize on the opportunities they have presented to us. Second, we will continue to manage the business with focus on discipline, where we have challenges and cycles we will move swiftly and decisively to drive growth and continue leadership. Third, we will maintain our momentum on Cisco’s innovation model of build, buy and partner. We planned to leverage our acquisition of Sourcefire to achieve our goal to become the number one security company and drive new product platforms and architectures like CRS-X, NCS and ACI to build multi-billion dollar business at Cisco. Let’s discuss a bit deeper the application centric infrastructure launched last week. When we look back five years from now, I believe we will see ACI as a pivotal point in redefining IT. We were very pleased with the response to the launch but we were not surprised. We designed the system in ACI that would address the most pressing needs of our best global customer base, companies, government and service providers of all size.  A ecosystem as the major technology companies, our peers and competitors have publicly stated how strategic they believe the platform will be in their future priority and major cloud enterprise and commercial customers has chosen the ACI architecture to run their business. This is Cisco at is best. We delivered innovation on an entirely different scale than our competitors. A system that would drive revenue and productivity, reduce costs and mitigate risk, protecting their existing investment and future proof, and this is the first time I have ever used that word, future proof their solutions going forward.  To quote some of you, ACI is a game changer and a significant step in the realization of the Internet of Everything. The two will move closer together, both the Internet of Everything and Application Centric Infrastructure and move faster than many people anticipate. And Cisco will be there to lead. First, we will continue to increase our commitment to you, our shareholders. As you can see from the announcement today, our board has granted a new share repurchase authorization of $15 billion, which we intend to put to work. You should expect that over the next several quarters, we will exceed commitment to returning at least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders, just as we did this past quarter.  In summary, I want to thank our shareholders, customers and partners for their support, especially those customers and partners that were integral to our success for the launch of ACI. In particular, I want to thank the Cisco family for working together as a team to ensure that our company is in a solid position to capture the opportunities we see in front of us. Let me turn it back to you, Mel.
John Chambers: That's what we have modeled into it. It won't be a haul, but the growth will not be what we would normally experience. Once again, the sales teams have set up our products by individual areas, but you combine with just a very slow spending environment. Simona, let me back for a second. When I talked to CIOs on the issues of Business Council, as an example. Half the CEOs that they surveyed, Chief Executive Officer they surveyed believed the economy is going to grow between 0% and 2%. They are modeling their budgets conservatively and as they think through this the CIOs will hesitate as they have product choices, doesn't mean they won't continue to buy our Core 7000s and other products, they will but they are going to strike a balance of what do they want to do in terms of the mix and as they commit through. So, yes, we had modeled this in Q2 and Q3.  And yes, to the indirect part of your question, as you come into Q4 and come up to Q1 of next year with all the appropriate caveats because of where we are on product cycles, where we are in terms of what we're going to double down on in some of the things that we need to address, my goal for our company is to get back to positive revenue growth in Q1 and ideally in Q4. But that's a stretch goal with all the appropriate caveats associated with it. So, you will have product cycles working towards that. You will have our momentum in the market working to it and I think that is kind of what our expectations are. You saw Frank's bookends on the earnings. We did it deliberately so that you could understand the areas that we are operating in, Simona.
John Chambers: An example on that, Amitabh, would be security and with the movements on Sourcefire. It was an area that really began to take hold this quarter. I think our customers realize we are very serious about moving to be the number one security player. You will see us expanding consultancy in this area, and as we did that, even our network security grew 12% which had not grown as you all know for a very long time. But in the security, if you look at this next year's reported, we'll report – Mel, I want to make sure we deliver on the commitments. We will report a booking growth and revenue growth. And it would not surprise me in these areas to see booking growth in the low 20s and revenue growth in the low – in 10%, 11%, 12% because of the conversion to future deferred revenues and licensing.  So we are moving as fast as we can because Gary is kind of hunting this model for us, it is a juggling act in terms of how do we move to recurring revenues to more applications, so that more and more of our business is a given each quarter and we can be more where most of our peers are, where they get the majority of their business already done before they enter a quarter. But it takes you a while to get there and that is also built into our factors, Amitabh.
John Chambers: Okay. So in reverse order, a series of questions but I think all very fair. I understand the way that we do our revenue and booking forecast is, we have a very good sales team and they roll up the forecast and we do it by regions and by countries and by products. We then based upon that forecast determine what our revenue guidance is for a quarter. Now, they take into consideration what they see in the product pipeline, what percentage of the pipeline they expect to fill out very, very detailed approach to it. The field, of course, however, almost never get sale burst, up or down. And the pace of change that you’re really seeing in this, Kulbinder is that, it’s almost what occurs in a quarter just a year ago will now be two or three quarters worth and it was almost, if you were to a pick a quarter, you didn’t want to end up here, it was in early October this year doing the uncertainties in terms of the balance on that. But no, in terms of the product transitions just 120 days ago when we reported the last quarter, none of us anticipated the change in Washington, the uncertainties, the business confidence that would occur from this and I’m not making excuses, this is what the customers are telling us. And in terms of their going into next year, their expectations are down for the year, their budgets are down for the year, they are not taking as much risk. Now the good news is this can turnaround just as quickly as it slows. But in terms of the overall approach there were positives and there were negatives in the groups and it was a quarter of very inconsistent data, much like we articulated that our customers see in terms of the economics and other issues.
John Chambers: Sure. So a number of questions and I want the first one and I’m going to ask the gross margin question. Gary, we have done very good job on gross margins. We are focusing on that across the Board. Our guidance has been very consistent 61%, 62% gross margins for a long time, Frank. And we don’t see things material in the market that that cause us uncomfortable with that. We have done a very good job of value engineering, a very good job of modeling this path, a very good job of designing our new products and it might have slipped by some people, when we say we design then for the current gross margin level, we’ve never been able to do that before and we did that following some of our experiences back in 2011 and 2009. So, we learn, we do it different in terms of the direction. We are continuing to anticipate set-top boxes falling and that is built into our next several quarter phenomena. Now I missed the first part of the question, I apologize.
John Chambers: Oh! Switching, Mel, won’t let me talk about a specific quarter in terms of the guidance. So let me fast forward to summer this next year. Summer this next year we will have the best switching architectures in the industry by ourselves. We basically would take all of the advantages, merchant silicon and custom silicon and put them together. We will bring the promises of SDN to life literally in an open and simplistic way. It won’t be slideware. This will be complete production and it will literally accomplish the separation of applications from the infrastructure with a common policy. So if you looked across all of our switching lines for the Nexus in 5000, 7000, you begin to look in terms of what we’re doing with the 9000 within semi and you begin to look at Rob Soderbery’s product group, which I think he’s completely refreshed Rob Lloyd, if I remember right. Our switching portfolio is the strongest it’s ever been in the marketplace and looks really solid. To the indirect part of your question, on the routing side we feel equally as good. I like where we are with the high-end products. And remember, NCS is an architecture. It's kind of the nervous system of making all this work. And with the CRS-X, it has the new capabilities that the same chip designs, et cetera we put on NCS. So high-end, we're never going to let that get taken away from us again. It happened 10 years ago, never going to let it happen. But now we need to move the resources to be able to address the access level, where it’s an area at the low end we have to do better than couple of our competitors are doing well.  At the high-end VPN capability, ASR 9000 actually is growing comfortably over 20%. But as other legacy products we have to do better. So in terms of product portfolio, it really looks good. Our ability to bring them together looks good. We got to I think pick up our game in a couple of areas in service provider to think of solution selling as opposed to box-type of selling and that we are going to have Pankaj Patel, who is our Head of Engineering and Nick Adamo, who is the Head of the Americas two together with myself and Pankaj flying cover for them to be able to address this.  And when we started on this on enterprise, Gary, a year ago, enterprise at this time did not really have the pieces together, because the business entities are great on products but not combining them and you combine that with, Gary and as to our services you can certainly provide a solution service provider the same way. I have run this strategy off of several of the top CEOs in the country and in the world on the service provider side, they will buy into it if we can execute.
John Chambers: So the first two weeks of the new quarter are not really indicative of where you go. But the last two weeks of last quarter was really tough. So, no it did not carry over in that type of format. I think you deserve a fair answer to that. Not deserve. We want to be very transparent on it and I think it's the right way to answer your question in terms of the direction. The second part of the question was --
John Chambers: Yes, Paul, if you look at it, just using Q4 as an example, we went into the last month a little bit off the numbers we expected. The forecast came down and the last two weeks of the quarter, they actually came up $300 million over their forecast. That did not happen. This sales team is really good and so, the fact that we missed it that much in the last month and that much during the last two weeks, we clearly factored in assuming that we're going to continue to see challenges in this quarter and the next quarter. So we did build that in. Hopefully, it'll be conservative, but we always believe when you see trends on this broader basis, especially in the emerging, you have to adjust to it and say it'll last for a couple of quarters. What we saw in emerging was very consistent across the board. Every one of our top 10 emerging countries missed their forecast and was off by a fair amount. So it wasn't just that it was down, the last couple of weeks, they kept dropping and dropping. I think, Rob, if I remember right, it was over half of our shortfall, the last couple of weeks versus forecast.
John Chambers: I would rather there have been a couple of countries, Paul, because then you can say let's go fix them, and there are always a couple of countries that we'll either have issues on, some we create ourselves, some of them are done to us, some of them are way beyond our control. But the consistency of that number is what concerned me. And we usually unfortunately see things couple of quarters ahead of our peers. This time we were little bit surprised. We saw the softening in Q4 and we were very upfront with it to every one about what happened in our top five emerging countries in Q4 where we said they went from 13% growth the quarter before to flat in Q4. The other 15 countries continue to grow in low teens. This time all of them came down and so out of our top 10, it was pretty brutal on that. The fact that a player like IBM saw -- too has probably 60% of their business given in the quarter and saw that this extreme indicates what we think is going to be more of an industry phenomenon, not affecting everyone but currently affecting lot of people.
John Chambers: Mel, I know we ran a little bit over versus our goal being through about 2.30, but thank you for that [ph]. Let me turn it back to you.
