Tricia Griffith: Thanks, Bob. And yes, you're exactly right, with 2 million additional auto policies and 2.6 million additional policies overall for the company, there's so many inputs that go into a combined ratio that it's hard to discern exactly how the future will go. But here's what I would say. We're very efficient, and there's been a lot of ambient shopping, as you've seen in our presentations and I've written about we've talked about. And so we're able to have our cost per sell well below our targeted acquisition cost. Now the fact is we want even more growth. So we want to grow from a premium perspective, but I've talked a lot about my preferred -- our preferred method of growth is a unit of growth. So we're going to continue to do that. And we're sitting in really great position. So we will spend more if we think we can continue to grow policies units because, frankly, our premium kind of goes up and down, as you've seen in the last four years based on our trends. It's been a high inflationary trend that's abating, which is great for our customers. So while I'm not going to be able signal what our combined ratio will be, know that we're going to spend as much as we can from a media perspective if we think we can get it in an efficient cost with, again, calendar year and lifetime 1916, we're going to continue to drive down non-acquisition expense ratios, we’re going to continue to work on our accuracy and efficiency as well as customer service and work environment, our claims organization, which we have seen just a lot of really great momentum as we've gotten staffed and more tenure in there, and we're going to continue to evolve our brand. So if you look at that, I can't tell you in your model what to put in for our combined ratio, but know that we're looking at all levers at all times, but we feel like we are finally in a really good position to be able to do what we've always said we wanted to do and take small bites of the apple and continue to grow. And whether that's small bite a little bit upward a little bit downward, really be in a position to grow and take even more market share than we've taken in the first half of this year.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. We really try to separate the operational with our capital management. So, obviously, our net investment income has improved because we've had some bonds maturing, we have a lot of money from the operations, so we can put that into bonds with higher yields. But really our job, at the Progressive Capital Management, we actually just got back from a business review last week is to protect balance sheet. We're going to continue to grow as fast as we can. We're not going to change the dynamics of our overall original [ph] objectives that we've had since 1971 probably before that, but that is to grow as fast as we can at a 1996 combined ratio, or making at least $0.04 of underwriting profit, but making sure that we take care of our customers. So we look at the competition and competitors have just different models. We're going to continue to have the motto we have had for a long time because we think it's a winning one.
Tricia Griffith: We sure hope so, Elyse. We're going to continue that. I would say if you -- if there's ever a signal of our confidence in our rates, it's based on what we're spending on our media. So you'll see that we're pretty confident what a difference a year makes. But our intentions are to continue on this path and really leverage where we're at from a competitive perspective, both a media and brand perspective, competitive prices, and we're going to hopefully continue that throughout 2024 and beyond.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I think we're still seeing a lot of ambient shopping and there are some people, there's some -- some of our competitors that are still getting a fair amount of rate, which will continue to have shopping as we talked about, both with our of prospects and conversion. So, we feel really great about where at different companies, of course, measure it differently. And I think really the secret sauce is what Dave and Jay talked about. And that is something that we've worked on not for a year, not for two years, for decades and is built upon each other, and then, of course, working with our product group, our claims group, our marketing group that's really the special secret sauce. So, now, we feel really great about the efficiency. And we feel, like I said, even more importantly, great about having the right rates on the street. Now, again, that -- I can change a little bit here and there, but it's been such a pendulum swing in the last four years, giving $1 billion back to customers and lowering rates during the pandemic and then, of course, the inflation. It's really nice to what we see at this point in time just some stability, which our customers deserve and just tweaking it up and down a little bit, and that's really where the fun begins where we really can get competitive on our advertising, our media and, of course, taking care of our customers.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I mean I think that the generation, I think I've shared with you before, I have six children that everyone wants to buy online, that makes more sense. It's easy. I remember when we first started prog.com, it was called something else is called Auto Pro. No one thought anyone would ever buy auto insurance online, and we made a bet. And it's difficult. And it was an uphill battle. It was an expensive battle, it took us 10 years before we made money. As if you go back into this presentation, you look at what Dave Krew said, we were in SureTec before that it was never coined a name. So, I think we feel pretty proud that we're going to continue to innovate. That's so important in our DNA. So, we're going to continue with the integrated marketing campaigns. I think for us, it's really about choice for consumers. So, I am still an agency customer. It works for me, it doesn't work for my children. So, I think to answer your question, it's hard to get into, but even as we watch the competition, it really boils down to competitors and all of us making sure that we have the right choices for our consumers. And that's really where we want to be. And we believe that we can compete really effectively in both the direct and agency channel, and we have been.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. I mean I think renters is oftentimes required, we have an easy, really quote flow for renters. We do like to have the auto renters bundled. We also know that renters can often turn into homeowners. And of course, we have to make sure that those homes are ones that fit our risk profile as we move forward and de-risk that book a little bit. But yeah, any time we see that bundle happen, whether it's auto and renters and then any other product you add that also causes stickiness, and that's really where the rubber meets the road is making sure that consumers we have what they need and when we do, they stay for a long time. Thanks, Mike.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. A great question, Greg. Let me take that one. It rarely happens, but we watch it closely, mainly because we talk about growing as fast as we can at or below a '96 if we can take care of our customers. I recall one time I'll get the year wrong but it was early 2000s. We were growing a lot. And I remember specifically, we had to tell the state of Texas that we had to slow down. So we had to slow down growth there. So, that obviously is embedded in me. I wasn't even in the role. But having been in the claims role, you work closely, and I know our claims President works closely with Pat and his group to say, okay, here's where we're adequately staffed. And also the great part about now having the ability to have some hybrid work is you can shift work to different states. So you can -- if we are a little bit behind in staffing in one state, we could -- and a little bit above in the other, we can train those people to work that state if we need to. All we're saying and all Jay saying is that if we need to shut off media at a local basis like we did in the last couple of years when we didn't have the right rates on the street, we can do that or if aren't staffed appropriately. Now, right after the pandemic going into 2022, I would say, we had way more turnover than we would normally like in both claims in CRM, we're in a completely different spot right now. In fact, are hiring ahead of need and feel really good and I talked a little bit about making sure that we -- with new reps that we are really accurate and we pay the fair amount and that we're efficient. So that's really where we're going to be able to turn that on now because we feel really great about our staffing tenure, the quality and our accuracy.
Tricia Griffith: That is a great question, and we've been working on that for some time. We had a little setback with some litigations in law, law in Colorado. I won't go into the details because it's out there. But it really caused us to pause because it's really difficult for us when we want to do national advertising to control who's seeing in any given state. So we paused on that. Now we have done a couple ads, one in particular, really sweet one. If you go through it, it's a deer talking to the dove and a dad talking to the new driver. And there's some nods obviously, to Latin X [ph], which we think is important. And I totally agree with you. So we have a strategy and a whole team working on our multilingual, a sort of ability to grow. We can grow both in the agency channel, and we have a huge group of what we call Sagora reps [ph] here that handle our Spanish-speaking customers. We believe that this is a big opportunity. Again, we had to pause a little bit because of something that happened in Colorado, but we talk about this a lot. In fact, we're getting an update in one of my upcoming direct report meetings on where we're going with our multilingual strategy.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. That's several questions. I'll go back to begin with. I think we'll always continue to try to grow in all channels. So we'll use that innovation. I think Jay's big bet on advertising. We had -- we sort of took a decomp and looked at where we were at a long time like go back to like the mid-2000s. And we advertised, we did it well. We had a brand but not solidified. And I think we were able to make a big bet when we had a brand that people recognize that respected, they talked about choice that talked about savings and I actually remember it pretty well because it was not long after I came into this job, I came in mid-2016, we bumped up against the 96 in my first quarter, and shortly thereafter, and I meet with the acquisition teams all the time. Jay and his team came with an approach, and it was brilliant, and I supported it. In fact, Jay often comes to me or through Pat and to me to say we need spend more here, and here's why. And honestly, their group is so spot on. I've never said no. And of course, they've given us a gift of pulling back when we've needed to. So on the direct homeowner side, we're about -- I think about 25% of our business comes into the direct side. So, but think that's Progressive Home and another stable group of carriers. We're going to continue to expand that because we do think people want to buy online. I don't know what the pivot point will be where it's 50-50, like it is in auto, but we're going to continue to invest in that that because we think it's important. And because a home is so much more volatile. And if you get to a density situation can be problematic during storms, we'll continue to work with really solid partners to make sure it benefits them and us as a win for all companies.
Tricia Griffith: Well, some of that -- some of those rates you're looking at, like we talked about our growth in renters, which is really much smaller average written premium. We took about 4% in the quarter. And year-to-date, it will be about 10% on a trailing 12% about, 17%. So we've taken quite a lot of a lot of rate, and we've had other non-rate actions that we've taken to derisk our books. I think first things first, we're going to focus on de-risking the book, doing what we've said. We have the 115,000 non-renewals in Florida that we knew were unprofitable. We worked with Florida to have options for those consumers. We're going to continue for us to work on improved segmentation. We have eight states on our new 5.0 product. Get as good at our pricing and our segmentation and really at that surgical level as we have in auto, and that takes some time. We've been working diligently on it. I said in my letter, we're going to be even more aggressive. I think at that point, when the dust clears, we'll be able to take more market share. In the meantime, we are continuing to grow in what we perceive as more nonvolatile states. Weather is always the factor that we have to take into account all the time. But right now, our focus is derisking a property. And then as we feel like we're in a good position, and we do have the right rates. We'll grow in the areas where we think it's most important to grow for the whole health of portfolio.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. To answer the last part, I have no idea. The first part, we might feel some pressure on cost per sale, but it is so much below TAC that we feel really good about the efficiency.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. So if you look at our frequency being down about 8%, the majority of that is really – it's always hard to discern exactly. I would say, the two factors right now for us is our preferred mix and some of the non-rate actions. So we've unwound or continue to unwind the non-reactions. The preferred business, our motto has always been that we want Sam, Dianes, Wrights and Robinsons. We want every customer as long as we can make a lifetime in a calendar year, 1996 combined ratio. So we made to pressure on that. But again, it's really hard to discern and really put together exactly what makes frequency. We watch it closely. As well as we do, obviously, frequency and then react to that accordingly. But like I've said, I feel like we're in such a better position in terms of stability around those trends. And if we can now start to do what we do best, and that is thoroughly look at every product, every state, new and renewal and take a little bit up, a little bit down, a little bit up, a little bit down, make those rates stable for our consumers. That's really the winning proposition for us.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. So we always -- like I said, we're kind of back to things that are a little bit normal. So if you think about on the auto side, combined ratio right around 88%. That doesn't mean that every states at 88%, that every DMA is at 88%, some are above, some are below. So you can imagine that if we're well-below our 88%, which is below our 1996 actual goal that we're going to take the opportunity to reduce those rates a little bit to bring in new business, along with our media spend and are unwinding of non-rate actions. Remember, too, when we think about that, and it's kind of what I said before, we want to make sure that we're taking those small nibbles, small bites. So even though we reduced rates, by a small amount, 8%. We increased rates in 13%, a small amount, which is just such different game than we've had to play in the last several years. And so that's where we'll think of rate cuts. We'll think of if, in fact, we're making wide margins and we believe it will benefit us for growth and benefit our consumers to have stable rates. We'll use that as one lever to continue new business growth.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. So we -- I think the question was about conversion rate. And obviously, we want to be on the short list for consumers and then ultimately convert that. So our prospects are high now because we're out there. And so you're going to see -- that's kind of the wide part of the tunnel, the funnel. And then if you go down, our conversion isn't as high because of the numbers. So we can't necessarily control that, but we think -- there's a lot of shopping out there. A lot of people just kind of making sure they shop because rates have been so volatile. But we will continue to work on making sure that our conversion rate is in line with what we think it should be on all products in all states.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. I mean, the channels are different because like we talked about today that was really focused on direct, which is more of a fixed spend. And then the spend on the agency side is more variable depending on new and renewal and then, of course, what's happening in the industry in terms of commission amounts. I think we have seen our competitors, I would say, acting rationally. And I think there's been a lot of rate in the system, still a lot of rate coming into the system. I can see it becoming more competitive. And if that's the case, I think you'll likely see more spending. And so that's -- to me, that's the rational case. So whether your goal is 96% or 95% or 105%, I think at some point, you need to be mean to be rational and price your right to risk. And I believe we're seeing that. And we all have our own models, obviously, I am biased and believe that our model is the best because it's that balance of growth and profitability and competitive prices and most importantly, our people and culture. So I think this should be an interesting couple of years, but I do see some rational movement from -- across a lot of our competitors.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. I mean, I don't -- again, I don't want the pendulum to swing the other way because they're still about 10% states or premium that we don't actually have the right rates on the street from our perspective in terms of where we want to be. So we will, like I said, and as you read, we did reduce rates in 8 states, and we'll continue to watch that. We want to make a '96. I want to -- we want to grow. We want to grow unit growth. And that's why we're doing what we have said we've always done, and that is advertise more, make sure that we're there for our customers when they need us most, as you see some of the volatile weather happening. And I think regulators, we work with them and the relationships are really important to make sure that there's two things that we have adequate rates on the street, competitive prices. So, if we lower rates, I think people will follow as well because everyone has to have competitive prices. It's so easy to shop. And easy to leave your carrier if you want to. So, it's really important to have competitive prices, and so much goes into that, whether it's segmentation or our claims efficiency, et cetera. So, I think that's what we have to look at. I think in addition that we know that our customers do want stable rates. And we're going to continue to work on that and work with our industry. I just don't -- our industry commissioners. I just don't want to swing the other way because this has been stable for just a couple of quarters. And while I don't think we're going to have anything unforeseen happen, I've probably said that a few times in the last couple of years where things have been unforeseen have happened. So, we will continue to let this play out, do the right thing, and we'll always try to be competitive in order to grow our units, which is the most important measure of growth to us.
Tricia Griffith: I think that’s sort of with the question in terms of the evolution of technology. So, we have a lot of our new apps come in through mobile. And I think if you come in, your likelihood of you want to stay there. And so we continue to invest in making our mobile app more friendly, access to things like you said, the ID card and making payments and just making it easier. So, we've invested a lot in the last more than a decade on the mobile app, and we'll continue to do so. And when you think about one of our strategic pillars as broad coverage, that's one coverage where people go in on the app. And when I go in on an app, I want to stay there and be able to do everything. So, that is service, that's buy, that’s -- get the information I need. So, I think you're right that it's continued, and I think it's based on our investments and people that want to do business in that way.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Well, our Robinson growth is taking place across the board. I would say, higher in the agency because that's really where we needed to have a homeowners product to be able to access those auto customers in the independent agent channel. What I would say is, so we started what we call HomeQuote Explorer many, many years ago. And it was really based on having a stable group of carriers in addition to us, where if we didn't want to write a risk, we could give it to another carrier or another carrier. And so we're going to continue to evolve that. And we have that really across the board. That has been how we like -- how we like to look at what the customers need. And when we think of broad coverage, we have HomeQuote Explorer, which is the direct home, which we want more and more Robinsons there, but they don't necessarily have to be Robinsons. On the commercial side, we have BusinessQuote Explorer, again, where you can buy our commercial auto, but then maybe a general liability policy from another carrier. And then we have AutoQuote Explorer, where we're doing the same thing. It's really about making sure it's ease of use for our customers. And they've come to us through the acquisition -- the media spend that we look at. So they come to us. And if we can't seal the deal, why wouldn't we help them seal the deal with somebody else who wants that risk. So I think it will continue to grow. Again, first things first in our desire to derisk our product portfolio. But I'm proud that we have invested in HomeQuote Explorer and think that will be a long-term solution for us on the direct side.
Tricia Griffith: I would say there's a little bit of lag, but we measure that pretty closely when we have any media spend in terms of our -- the prospects coming in. And then, of course, then we'll measure the prospects that turn into sales. I mean there's a little lag. We also -- we were never totally closed in our advertising. So there's a kind of constantly making sure that we're top of mind for consumers to be on that short list to even shop. So I'd say there's some lag, but I don't think there's anything discernible.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. On the auto, we've taken so much rates over the years. We have -- we took a little bit for the quarter two, 2% year-to-date. We have a little bit more to earned in, Earn in, maybe 2-ish for the rest of the year. We feel really good about our rates. And in fact, that's why we're able to take a little bit of movement in those eight states where we reduced rates a little bit. But as you think about -- if you go back, it was painful. 2022, we took 13.5%, 2023, we took nearly 19%. So -- the cumulative rates, and of course, they earn in more quickly than home have been a lot. And so we feel really good about having it be a little bit less during this year in terms of our competitiveness.
Tricia Griffith: Now I don't want to say it's a moot point. I think it was a blend of having the right rates on the street, being able to pull back on non-rate items that we put into place when we were trying to stop growth, and our increase in media spend as well as us being very adequately staffed to handle everything. So I think it was a lot of dynamics, sort of, the perfect storm in a good way to position us in that way. So I think it's just a bunch of things that came together with a lot hard work with a lot of teams to make sure that we had -- that we were able to capitalize and maximize our PIF growth.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. I mean I think, obviously, the best thing for retention is to have stable rates. But you can't even -- if you don't have a brand out there, it's hard to be on the short list of people that think about companies go to buy and that have especially because our brand, I think, is well thought of. We have many different campaigns that hit different people differently. We try to break through with our humor. We try to make sure that customer’s see adds the right amount of time, not too little, not too much to make sure we're on that. I think we have been in the last several years doing some tests from a retention, or just understanding addressable markets. We talked a little bit about the multilingual campaign. So we do spend some money on making sure that we have campaigns out there, whether digital or mass media, or people do see us in terms of what our purpose is, and that is to move forward and live fully. That's what we want our customers and our employees and communities to do so. It is really about attracting and then when they come here, we want to retain them with stable prices, great service and all the products they need.
Tricia Griffith: I think the mix factor can take into place some of it, but some of the severity had gone up so much during the pandemic in subsequent years in terms of think used car prices. And those are still up, but they're stable relative to pre-pandemic. So that's where you're seeing some of the stability in terms of BI [ph] had an uptick in attorney rep in a larger loss in litigation. So I think the things are stabilizing. It's hard to say what will happen, but we've had several lines of data where we do see some stability in that, which gives us a little bit of confidence as we move forward. .
Tricia Griffith: No. I mean I think a lot of things have happened since and that was sort of a pivotal time where we decided that we were going to go ahead as we looked backwards spend more closely to our targeted acquisition cost to understand what that would mean to growth. I will say since then, having worked closely with this group, "Oh my gosh, the amount of data and how surgical they understand our customers and understand who sees what, when, what that means, how we should price for Sam and Omaha versus a Diane in Missouri is incredible. So it hasn't stopped, and it actually builds off of each other. So it's sort of like our product model. It's not like, "Oh, Jay's group learns this and then it's -- the next thing they learn. It's like multiplicative. And so I would say, if you have asked me in 2017, I would have said this group is incredible. The group now, which is the same and more people are even better. So what we are learning and what we are understanding from just a granular level is truly amazing. I think that's one of many of our secret sauces. So as we wrap this up, do want to thank Dave and Jay and their incredible teams for the nimbleness when we've hit up against our target. They've never complained about pulling back. And my hope is this year that -- never say no to their additional spend to grow, and they can spend as much as they can to make sure we grow the entire firm. So thank you, great questions today. I appreciate everyone coming to our to our event.
