Tricia Griffith: Thanks, Elyse. And I think that’s very dependent on each state. So we feel good where we’re at now. So we took the 8 points last year, took another 3 points in Personal Auto in January. And we’ve had some successes with some of the regulators. So let me give you an example. In Texas – I think that came up in the last call. We – they had some objections. We went back and forth with a lot of data, came to an agreement earlier this month, and both of those prior – those approvals are done and effective, I think, on the 24th. And then we’ve put another rate increase in February. So we feel good about states like Texas where we’ve had great conversations with our regulators, and we can get the rates on the street. And that allows us to open up local advertising, our bill plans that we might have restricted underwriting guidelines and – our underwriting restrictions, I should say. And so it’s a mixed bag depending on each state. So we will continue to watch the trends. The trends in used cars and new cars still continue to actually outpace even pre-COVID levels. And of course, a lot depends on frequency. So we saw vehicle miles traveled down more in January. We think that might have been through Omicron. So they were down about 11% to 14% compared to our percentage of about 7% to 8% since May. Now that we’re seeing more states open, we will watch frequency closely. So we’re watching companies open. And what the new normal is of how people go back to work, I think, is yet to be determined. I know with Progressive, we are just figuring that out as well. There’ll be a lot more people that work from home or work from home part of the time. So we’re going to watch frequency once things stabilize a little bit more. So the real answer is we don’t know for sure. But hopefully, John and Kanik let you understand that the propensity to have the majority of our auto policy 6 months allow us that flexibility to get the rate in more quickly.
Tricia Griffith: I think that’s probably part of it. I think there is a lot of seasonality in January. So I wouldn’t read into that too much because we still have a lot of that rate to earn in. What I would say, early results from February from vehicle miles traveled, they are going back to what we saw before January. So we could see frequency go up a little bit. Again, that’s yet to be determined, and we will have those results in a few weeks.
Tricia Griffith: Well, when we kind of strip away at the Q4 results from some of our competitor, we feel like we’re in a pretty good company. It looks like almost everybody needs a similar rate than we do. So we’re monitoring that. I mean as far as our book of non-standard, of course, that’s – that was our humble beginnings, but we are – we continue to grow more on the preferred side. When you think about new business, our apps are down more on the Sams, which makes total sense because they are very sensitive to price. We define them as inconsistently insured. And of course, a lot of the PIF growth on the Sam side comes from the new apps because their PLEs are really short. So I wouldn’t say – I would say I think everybody in these rates. The trends changed as you saw dramatically. And so I feel like we’re in a really good position. We continue to work with regulators where we don’t have the right rates on the Street yet to prove that out. And if we need to, we will slow growth for a bit until we get there.
Tricia Griffith: Mike, there continues to be a lot of uncertainty, but I think you hit the nail on the head. So we’ve got the supply-demand issues with chips. So we have parts prices continue to increase. Because it’s taking longer to repair those, our rental prices have gone up. We’re watching labor rates in body shops closely and working with our MSOs to understand what we think about that. But when you think about severity, we look at it in a couple of different ways, but I’ve been focusing on looking at it from this last quarter, quarter four of 2021 compared to ‘19. And let’s take collision as an example, and we don’t usually share at this level. But in the aggregate, we are up in severity about 11.9%. Collisions, up substantially more than that. And actually, frequency is down less than pre-COVID, and severity is up. So we’re watching very specific line coverages to understand the trends and how they relate to the increases that we need specifically.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean we continue to work with regulators in California. It can be a challenge, and we’re up for the challenge. We – how they might look at rates versus we are looking at them prospectively, I think, is a little bit different. And so we’re sharing data regarding what we’re seeing and the trends we need. Here’s the bottom line for any regulators. They should demand adequate rates. And we need to get adequate rates on the street in California in every jurisdiction for that matter. So we’re going to continue to work with California. And there is a handful of other states where we continue to go back and forth. And our goal is to be open and available for all consumers. And if we’re open and available, that helps with affordability in the long run. So in the meantime, we have some levers that we can use to slow down growth, whether it’s local advertising or build plans, underwriting restrictions and some agents incentives, we will do that in the states where we need rate. We do need rate in California, but we will continue to work with the regulators there to prove our case.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. There is a lot of variables like that. Some you hit the nail on the head with 12 months, some are not increasing at the rate we are. We are usually first to market, and we talk about that a lot in order to get ahead of trends. We do see competitors definitely taking rates. And so we knew taking action aggressively early on when we saw the trends changed so dramatically. We knew that would affect our new business apps. We’re seeing that, but we feel good about getting those rates on the Street. And as more and more companies see those rates, the competitive environment will improve. And hopefully, as people shop, they’ll come to us and we will be in a good position to have stable rates. So it’s really across the board. Some are taking a different approach because they have 12-month policies, some run their companies differently than we do. We have a very specific goal to make that $0.04 of underwriting profit. And so that is our primary goal and growth a second. So we will continue to watch. We believe that we feel like we’re in a good position for the most part.
Tricia Griffith: It’s very dependent on each state. So there are some states where there is more needed. I gave you the example of Texas where we had two rate revisions and we put another one in play, a double-digit one in February. So I think it’s very dependent on the jurisdiction. I would say when we define small bites, it’s nice for consumers to have stable rates. So small bites to me, and I don’t think there is any great definition, is 1% here, 1% there. So I never like to take 6.8% or ever double-digit percentage because we see then that, one, it affects our new business and could ultimately affect our renewal business as people get increases. So that, to me, is a larger bite. But again, we saw these dramatic trends, and we needed to get out in front of it.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So we will plan to spend as much as we can on marketing as long as we feel like rates are – the rates we have out there are appropriate as well as the fact that our acquisition costs go within our target – we want to have our targeted acquisition cost. So what the levers that we will use in places where we don’t think we have the rate just yet will be to turn off or slow down local advertising. We have some great plans around marketing. Again, we will – that will be dependent on each jurisdiction and where we feel we are as far as rate adequacy.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Well, I think of the new business penalty, for me, more on the direct side in terms of front-loading our acquisition costs in the first 6 months of the policy. As far as the projected loss ratio, I mean, I’m not – I’m hoping to answer your question. I mean I think that our new business, obviously, is negative right now in, I think, every single segment. We saw it initially in the agency business. I think they are very susceptible to any price increases based on the fact that they have a lot of opportunity to put business with their customers with others. I’m not sure if I answered your question or if you want to add anything.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Absolutely. We feel incredibly proud of our results, both on the growth and profit over the last couple of years. One of the biggest areas in Commercial Lines where we’ve been able to grow is in our for-hire transportation segment, which makes a lot of sense. During COVID, goods need to be transferred across the country. Many of us stopped shopping and ordered. And so we really we’re in a great position to improve and increase our market share in that specific segment. We’ve been writing that for a lot of years. So the good news is we knew the underlying cost structure. We were conservative in our take rate. So we feel really good about that. Obviously, there is a couple of other things. We continue to grow in our TNC business. We added Protective as another part of our fleet. And across the board, we feel pretty good about growth – really good about growth in all of our BMTs. So just a really great part of the story where we saw an opportunity, we had the background and experience to write a lot more of that, and we took advantage of it.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Our BOP program is now in 34 states. We added 17 this year. So, obviously still small, but something, as I outlined, probably last year, a few years ago, our different horizons, we are excited about helping ensure those small businesses. So, that’s something that we think there is a lot of runway.
Tricia Griffith: Well, it’s a multifaceted question. I would say, normally, we do spend a fair amount in the first half of any year, but we did dramatically reduce spend because of our profitability issues at the end of 2021. So, we wouldn’t have normally reduced it by that much. We did that as a reactive position based on what we saw with trend. And so we spend depending on when we believe that people are open to shopping, and that can vary. So, we did spend more in January of this year. I don’t know if Pat, do you want to add anything more to what we are feeling about from a media perspective.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean I think we like to bundle, but we also want to make sure that we are positioned well for the long-term growth in the property channel. And we have continued to increase our Robinsons. We are proud of that. We want to do that – we just want to do it in – spread across more non-volatile weather states, so that we can make our target margin on those bundled customers. So, will we lose some customers from some of the de-risking decisions we are making in Florida on the auto side, likely, that might happen. We will wait to see how that happens. And of course, that also depends on what’s happening in the environment. So, when people shop, are they getting the same or better rate if they go to another competitor. So a lot of that, specifically in Florida, will be dependent on what the competitors do as well. So, I think people that want to bundle, you may take both your auto and home with you. We will work on trying to keep as much of the auto book of the property that we lose. But that’s yet to be known as we continue our plan to de-risk.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. And I should do a shout-out because we have really invested a lot over the years in HomeQuote Explorer, where you can – we can go online, and now we have 34 states where you can have an online buy, which makes it just easier for consumers as well if they are shopping. So, they may have auto with Progressive, and the home could be with Progressive property, but then they could switch over to another one of our unaffiliated partners. So, John is right on point.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. The severity on commercial is up. When you look at the trailing 12 over the prior 12, up right around just under 14%, and frequency has come back to pre-COVID levels for the most part. We see a lot with our – as John said, we have our telematics on the commercial auto side. We see that speeding for some of our truckers are up about 10% to 20%. And we see that sort of correlated when there is more congestion out versus less congestion. So yes, those are higher limit policies. Obviously, we have talked in the past about social inflation around more attorney rep claims. So, we are seeing an increase in those trends in the commercial lines product as well.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I would say a portion of it, I said – I wouldn’t take one month, like you said, for much. I think expenses are usually up in January regardless, and a portion of it was media, but not a huge amount.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. A lot of it in – at least in Q4 would be around attorney rep rate, and so a lot of the medical inflation. We also, as we have been hiring on new claims reps, that – the propensity to how the handling is done and the accuracy can be a little bit different as those claims reps get trained. And so that was probably a part of it as well. So, that’s what we are seeing in quarter four. But a lot of the inflation is around attorney rep rate. And it will be interesting to see as more and more treatment facilities open up if that changes as well. So, we will watch that closely.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think just used car parts similar to collision, but you might see it a little bit of a delay. But used car prices, parts prices, rental car increases, all those things are coming into play as well. We just think that it’s good to look at, especially – I even think not even just year-over-year when we compare to ‘19. We obviously have that data. But there is so much changing right now that I am really looking at quarter-over-quarter comparison. So, that’s where we are at on physical damage. We believe we will see similar trends continue to emerge from – similar the collision.
Tricia Griffith: Well, yes, there is a little bit of a delay in recognizing that. I think on – I think we see that from our competitors as well. We see that in our subrogation files of getting some of the data in from other companies in inbound sub, so a little bit of a delay, yes.
Tricia Griffith: I had mentioned that overall severity was up comparing ‘19 quarter four to ‘20 – to ‘21 quarter four at about 11.9 property damages. I said collision was up significantly from severity. Property damage is up as well, not as significant as collision, but it is higher than the 11.9.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean I think that we are all watching vehicle miles traveled and frequency closely. And it’s not back to pre-COVID amounts. That said, severity is so far outpacing that from all the things we talked about. Whether it’s medical inflation, car price, rental cars, et cetera, that we need rate and I have said this in the last call. And so there is – each individual like John and Kanik said, there is 51 jurisdictions we work with to try to make sure that our rates are adequate and not excessive and not unfairly discriminatory. I do believe that regulators care a lot about their constituents. And so they want to be very careful as they increase the cost because there is other inflationary things that are happening in each household. So I can’t get into the psychology of it because we are just such a data-driven company that – that’s what we look at. And so we will continue to do so. And our hope is that we get a handful of states where we still need rate. We get that in short order. So, we can be open and available and affordable for every constituent in the entire United States.
Tricia Griffith: Absolutely. Yes. That’s the fun part of working in a regulated industry because there is a lot of different personalities of each state. And we – and that product management relationship that we talked about is so integral to that success. And so we actually think that’s a great advantage. And yes, each state is very different.
Tricia Griffith: Great question, difficult to answer. Like we said, we look at each state, and we were able to turn on local advertising – turn on and off local advertising pretty quickly. So, I mean as soon as we believe we have the rates right and that we can turn on media to get more new business at our allowable cost, we will do so. But it’s really dependent on each state. We want to do that. We want to open up each lever to do that, but it really is dependent on getting not just in the states that we just talked about, but in every state to make sure we continue to stay ahead of trend.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We still are seeing new business shrink, and that makes sense with our pricing. And from the renewal perspective, I think we talked about in the K that trailing three was dropping a little bit. And so it’s reasonable to believe that trailing 12 could drop as well. But again, that’s all dependent on what our competitors do as well. When we look at elasticity, it’s not just what’s happening here. It’s what the competitors are doing. And we look at our renewal rates in sort of tranches of if we take plus 5%, 5% to 10%, etcetera, to see what happens. And we are seeing some – we believe some improvements from slowing down in some of the tranches where our competitors are taking rate. And that could mean we – there is a lot of variables here, that could mean that they are taking rates as well. So, when our customers get an increase in their renewal rate and they shop, they might stay because they can’t get a better rate. Again, we are not seeing that play through yet in the trailing 12. The trailing three can be an indicator. And that’s why we want to get out ahead of this to sort of get the rates stable as quickly as possible in 2022, so we can all focus on doing our job as an industry and be really competitive, drive down those costs so people have affordable ways to buy insurance.
Tricia Griffith: It’s so hard to say because there are so many moving parts constantly. So, where we would think, okay, we come into February, the weather is going to be nicer, places are opening up, but then you have the invasion of Ukraine. So, what happens with fuel prices, although that’s usually a small part of our frequency trend. We – I would say, if you have a couple of quarters of some stability in seeing what’s happening as an example, to see if used car prices and the chip shortage starts to ease up, we would start to follow that and feel better about that. But we – our math, we believe, is accurate of what we need now, and that’s really what we focus on in order to make sure that we ultimately have that lifetime value of that profitable growth of the 96.
Tricia Griffith: Not necessarily. In fact, we have seen a small amount of data that says they are leveling off and maybe even decreasing a little bit. Again, that’s very early data. And there is a lot of economists that can – could talk either up or down. But no, that wouldn’t be an assumption.
Tricia Griffith: And it’s a great way for our customers that they do see increases and they believe they are driving less to be able to get some discounts.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. It’s still a small percentage. It’s less than 10% of our overall auto book. It’s in the agency channel. Basically, we gave it to our 4,100 Platinum agents because many people, when they do want to bundle want to have the dates align. So, we will continue to watch that percentage, but it is something that, as we rolled out for our preferred customers for our Robinsons, it was something that our agents asked for in order to write more of that business.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Meyer, our hope is, obviously, like John said, it was illustrative. But our hope is that as we have more data and as things stabilize, that cone narrows as well.
John Sauerland: I can add a little bit there. So there is really two objectives in pricing the business. One is the lifetime profitability of a customer and the other is hitting our calendar year targets, and we’re trying to achieve both, and sometimes there is a balance there to be had. As Tricia was noting in the direct business, new business runs a lot hotter than renewals. So because of that advertising expense that we incur completely upfront, less so in the agency channel, but we also see differing new versus renewal loss ratio differences across segments of customers. So there is a bigger new business penalty when you’re in the non-standard end of the spectrum relative to the preferred end of the spectrum. So we’re trying to balance the lifetime profitability of those customers as well as the calendar year profitability of the entire business when we’re making those decisions. As we were noting earlier, there are certainly markets right now where the underlying base rate level, if you will, is not adequate. And so those cases, we are restricting as much as we can because we’re pretty confident that we’re not going to hit our target margin on a lifetime basis for that business. There are other markets where we’re closer, and that’s where we’re playing the underwriting, the advertising levers to manage that again to the calendar year, but also to the lifetime targets.
John Sauerland: I get excited talking about Commercial Lines, so I’ll tack on here. We’ve got a number of other things going on there, I think, are not as appreciated in the market as perhaps they should be. So usage-based rating in Commercial is going really well. It’s really predictive. Obviously, those trucks are driving a lot of miles. So the differential across those who are good drivers and those who are less good is pretty significant, and we’re pricing to that. We also have that information for a large group of customers at new business because truckers now have electronic logging devices that have that information, and we can input that into the new business rate. Relative to the Personal side where predominantly, we’re still using the information we gather at renewal versus new business. So Smart Haul is going really, really well. We also have a program we call Snapshot ProView that is also working well for smaller fleets. The other piece of Commercial that I think is pretty exciting is the direct channel. So we’ve all been sort of wondering when Commercial customers will sort of follow the Personal side and start shopping a bit more in the direct channel. COVID certainly, I think helped accelerate that and we are seeing great growth in our direct channel and commercial lines. I could go on into the BOP program as well. So, I think you are right to say, hey, it’s a very exciting segment of the business right now, the core, what we call business market targets, the trucks, etcetera, are doing really well, and we have got a lot of long-term runway to play in commercial lines beyond that.
John Sauerland: So, we think of our non-acquisition spend as what we call our non-acquisition expense ratio, which generally you can think of as G&A expenses, the long-term trend there has been really good. So, we have taken out over the past, I don’t know, probably decade maybe four points in our non-acquisition expense ratio. Obviously, that allows us to be really competitive. And our goal is to continue to reduce that number. So, we obviously have scale at our advantage. We obviously are investing heavily in technology to continue to get consumers to self-service and be happy doing so. So, a lot of efforts around continuing to be competitive in our cost structure outside of acquisition, we would – if we are priced adequately, we would love to spend more on advertising. Obviously, we are going to have competitive commission for our agents to place as much business as they can with us. But the underlying G&A or non-acquisition expense ratio is where we focus on continuing to get more competitive.
John Sauerland: And in the direct channel, we do have the luxury of having multiple other companies that we work with, the place property business, and we will proactively work with those companies to try and place business that we no longer want to be writing on our own paper. And obviously, in the independent agency channel, most agencies have multiple options. So, I mean you are right. As Tricia noted, we will likely lose some auto business as we reduce the risk in our homeowners book, but we also expect to keep a lot of those auto customers because of the options that we have in the direct channel as well as that – which our agents have.
John Sauerland: So, just a little clarity on what we are saying there. So, when we have a first-party total loss collision, we are going to pay that immediately. We are going to recognize the elevated cost of new and used cars right now when we are settling that claim. When we have a property damage claim, some of those claims we pay directly, and we would recognize that expense. Some of those claims – the parties are going through their personal auto carrier, and then that auto carrier reaches out to us and subrogates us, meaning they ask for the payment, and that is when we will see some of the increase in the total loss rate. We try and project that, obviously, in our reserves to be as accurate as possible in a world where it is moving as quick as it is right now, we don’t always have that perfect. So, as we see more of those demands for total loss settlements from other insurance carriers, we are going to – we expect to see some similar experience in the property damage.
John Sauerland: Well, I would add to Tricia’s comment that December’s take rate for Snapshot were the highest we’ve seen ever. So yes, there were some influence from the pandemic on take rate there. But I think overall, there has been a growing acceptability in usage-based as a rating variable for auto insurance. And I think our December take rate in both channels, as Tricia mentioned, are indicative of that. So, we also obviously see competitors continuing to grow there, their UBI programs as well, which I think in aggregate enhances acceptability perceptions as well. So, we think that is definitely part of our future and even more so as the technology and vehicles allows us to get that new business. I was mentioning our ability to do that in the commercial space. And we have very limited ability to do that in the personal auto space, but we are doing it with data right from vehicles, but it’s a small percentage of what we do. So, I think I would characterize take rate as continuing to grow. And with technology evolving, it’s going to be an integral part of the product going forward.
John Sauerland: I can try that. This is simply an illustrative way to say we are not totally sure where the value of used cars is going. It’s obviously been going up dramatically. As Tricia noted, we have seen some recent signs that it might be leveling off. We are certainly not pricing in our indications to anywhere towards the top of that cone. I would characterize our pricing assumptions more so towards the middle of the cone. But the reality is we – only time will tell where we ultimately fall in those cones. And that’s the challenge of our business, and that’s the point we are trying to get across in John and Kanik’s presentation. And when we are trying to price for the future. The future is unknown, but we are not pricing towards the top of that. I would characterize our pricing assumptions as – towards the middle of that cone.
