Tricia Griffith: So John and I are were talking a couple of weeks ago and considering a lot of the questions we're seeing around the Tax and Jobs Act of 2017, so we thought we'd get out in front of it and how we think about it really from all three constituencies, which all we are both aware both customers, employees and stockholders. So we're going to answer sort of a high level. If you have other questions, we can answer them. We also have our resident expert, Jim Cruzman in the audience, if you want a deep dive into anything tax-related. So let's think about investors. So as a growing company, we need more capital for more growth and to satisfy our regulators. So any profits will help with that. It's always our first choice to reinvest in the Company. In addition, our annual variable dividend considers the tax rate. So all things equal, we'll be about 21% higher. So that's really how we think about it from an investor perspective, growing the Company and our annual dividend. When we think about customers, we sort of put customers and communities together. So we have a Progressive foundation. It's been in force for over 15 years, and our employees really like it because they're able to give and get a match up to $3,000. In fact, the average amount we paid out of the foundation over the last five years has been $4 million a year, and they can give us as long as it's a not for profit of 501(c)(3) to either national or local communities, a lot of people love giving to the local communities, which, of course, where our customers are, to churches, to schools. And so, we continue to fund the foundation. And because it's based on underwriting income it will, also all things equal, increase about 21%. In addition, it is the Tax and Jobs Act. And so since the beginning of 2016 to today, we have hired over 13,000 new external hires. So having those jobs, and they're not just in Cleveland, they're around the country, specifically in the claims organization and the CRM organization, having those robust jobs, we believe, really help the communities that we serve. And lastly our employees, so we are market-based for both compensation and benefits and will continue to be market based. As the market changes, we will shift and we'll watch any inflationary trends. We'll look for key indicators like high turnover in an area of people not accepting our jobs. We no longer ask for your prior compensation, but people might give us anecdotal information, so we are prepared to shift as the market shifts. In addition and this is related to the tax plan, but how Progressive has always thought about employees is really to our gain share plan. So, I know a lot of companies gave one-time bonuses which I think is great. We've had a gain share plan for over 25 years and in fact last year the gain share of 1.79 our medium bonus was $8,100. So our philosophy has always been when we gain we share with our employees and our shareholders. So that gives you a kind of an overview of how we've been thinking about the tax changes and now if you want to open it up for other questions that would be great.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, Ian, there will some attrition to offset that. What we've been trying to do is grow in customer facing organizations, we've been trying to keep our non-servicing headcount fairly flat and add when we need to. But again as we grow the ratio of our premium, so as we've grown and added people, it’s worked out. So it hasn't put the pressure you would think on our expense ratio or LAE.
Tricia Griffith: Here's how I would think of it, and John you can weigh in. Earnings are material source of our capital and when that's not enough than you can expect that we'd go to the capital markets for more. So we do have a lot of earnings coming in, but that's how we think of it. And literally John and I, and Bill Cody from our Capital Management, and Katherine Brennan our treasurer, we talk about capital all the time in terms of how we can continue our growth knowing the regulatory and constraints you put on the 3 to 1 on the auto. And so, we think about that all the time, but earnings will be a material source of our growth. But again, we can expect to go to the capital markets, if in fact we needed more.
Tricia Griffith: Thanks, Gary. Yes, so we started with Uber in Texas in 2015 when it was a pilot on the commercial side, and we’ve been learning a lot and of course this moved from pilot last year to full board and that was added on as of today Arizona, Colorado and Florida. I wouldn’t say it’s necessarily related to an UBI, I would kind of bifurcate though. But I would say that we’re learning a lot about the transportation industry and the T&C industry. And so, we are really excited to continue to work with Uber and add on three more states. Again because it’s new to us, we are going to take a measured approach. And I think we are really excited about that. But I wouldn’t necessarily correlate it to our usage-based insurance.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, what I would say is we are really happy about the mobile device specifically on the direct side and the take rate on the mobile device. And so, we are learning more and more and I would say we are learning more and more about distracted driving. We are not ready to use that data in ringing but we are learning a lot, so more to come on that. It’s going to take a while before you gather in and our customers still have the option to have the dongle or the mobile. But we are finding, we are gathering a lot of data on the mobile, and we are learning I would say very interesting segmentation things around distracted driving.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, so when we think about -- yes, one, it’s really hard to understand and predict frequency and in fact -- so over the last trailing 12, we have been -- we had a frequency much more negative than the competition. Third quarter 2017, the rest of the industry kind of changed a little bit as we saw compete fair results. So we are seeing as an industry. Again, we don’t necessarily bake that into our rate. We don’t see where we are at as of the end of 2017 or even January in excess profits. We think about it as continuing to invest in the business. And again, this is very capital intensive when you think of the regulatory capital we have to have. But in addition, I might see differently if we weren’t growing. So we have that balance of growth and profit. And so I believe when you’re in a really sweet spot and able to roll really fast and make at least $0.04, remember it’s at least $0.04, we want to do both. And if either one of those change, as you know from 2016, we will monitor that and react to that. But we're going to need capital to grow.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I haven't -- it's too soon to tell would be the answer. I haven't really seen -- we have good relationships in the 51 jurisdictions that we're in. Really, a regulator's job is to make sure that we are not excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. And if they look at that and they -- we have actuarial justification that should really be the job of the regulator. And so again, it's too soon to tell, but we have not had any pushback at this juncture.
Tricia Griffith: I would say it likes it's same as the dongle, and then we're able to see if you are -- if it's handheld, a call or an app and hands-free. So we're able to see that, and not sort of using that for rating but just understanding that, as well as location. So those are the things. Again, we're not rating that. We're just gathering data to kind of understand if it correlates to different losses depending on what we see.
Tricia Griffith: No, I wouldn't say so, I mean we have a very broad distribution of agents and if we believe they follow our values and they will sell our products then we will likely have them be a part of the Progressive family. So they're kind of straight across the country 35,000 so, some come and go but I wouldn't say they have anything necessary. The different agents that we talked about in the past really around are platinum agents which we give a different commission base to and access to annual policies on the auto side as well as the home and the ability to earn more depending on how many Robinsons that they get.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, we have a personal auto endorsement in 22 of our states. So we always offer them and ask when we are getting navigation as well as a loss if you’re an Uber or Lyft driver. And so we do strive to flush out, and it helps to understand if we need to charge them differently, add an endorsement that is covered. It’s really hard to understand fraud that could happen to people on it, it’s actually why we are offering endorsement. And so I think we believe you’re asking the right questions to the right people at the right time.
Tricia Griffith: Okay, so if you recall a couple of webcast ago, I went over sort of our Horizon concepts that we have Horizon 1, which we talked a lot about today, execute Horizon 2 which was Expand and also we talked a lot about the commercial that you talked about a little bit Elyse with Bob in small business. What I am having the strategy council really focused on is Horizon 2, which is explored. So you can think of it as assumed there's a day where all these vehicles are autonomous or half of that et cetera, so we're modeling out opportunities for us. And so right now, the Strategy Council is fairly new. John and I meet with them very regularly. It's a group of 10 folks within the Company. Andrew Quigg, who I think you have met, is doing it as a side to his job of retention and PLE. I mean, we have other people taking some of his work. He's doing a tremendous job. And the team around him, we picked because they had a diversity of a careers for Progressive, and so we're able to leverage those careers to kind of think about what are things that we do really well and if we want to either grow our revenue or replace revenue; if the market gets smaller, what are opportunities we can do. So we're excited about this council. Again, we're pretty new there, 90 days in. So I'll have more to come as we flesh out more. But we're really excited, and I've been very impressed with their work today.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I mean, so we've always talked about rate in terms of not having to rate shock our customers. When we've had to do that, you see PLE decline. So we've got out ahead of rates, probably 2015. And we've often said, it's better to have smaller bites of the apple. So 3 1 is better than 1 3 in terms of increase, and so we're really comfortable with our rate right now. And we have watched our competition, and that's what happens. And that's why shopping occurs. This hard market, we've been privileged to get those customers while they're shopping. And because we have a competitive rate, we've been able to grow. So at this juncture, I don't know, obviously, what all the competition is doing. Very few companies when we look at statutory data, actually, I think as of Q3, only 2 companies were growing profitably. And so I imagine those companies are going to want to get out in front of rate. And hopefully, as people shop, we will continue to be the recipient of those customers, Robinsons, of course, but actually, every customer. We want every Sam, Diane Wright, Robinson we can get as long as we can service them. We have obviously talked about the Robinsons a lot, because that's really the customer that we want based on our acquisition of ASI on the agency channel and working with other affiliated – unaffiliated companies on the direct side. So we'll continue to push those. But I think Cat talked a little bit about our changing creative. And really when you think about the Parentamorphosis and owning your first home, that's really addressed to the Robinsons. And so we are seeing -- we're seeing that happen. So we're going to continue with more creative around trying to retain more Robinsons.
Tricia Griffith: It's hard to say -- it's hard to say, there's a few states out there that will likely do that and we'll react to that. Remember, our combined ratio goal is pre-tax, so our CR496 vehicle is pre-tax. So we will work with the department to make sure we have a product that the citizens of the states. Again, our hope is that once regulators regulate in terms of what I talked about in terms of not being -- not having our rates inadequate, excessive or unfairly discriminatory. But again we're nimble and we'll work with it to make sure that we provide a good rate for the customers and not change our stands on our 96 combined ration goal.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, it's around 2000-2500 somewhere in there. We sort of stopped mentioning it just because we're really focusing on the agents that we have and making sure they have all the tools necessary to get those Robinsons. Again when we rolled out the Robinson model, we really rolled it out as a scarcity model because we wanted to be able to have these agents really wanted to have access to these customers. So they access that was great and then did they want to have us be number one in their shops. So we're really working now, especially as we integrated the company's, really working on making sure they had everything they need to have us be the number one choice in their agencies. So it's less about adding so many more, I'm sure we'll add more this year but it is really more about the ones that we have really making sure that they have what they need to provide more Robinsons for us.
John Sauerland: And to that, you mentioned our dividend, our dividend is an annual variable dividend and is tied to our gain share score, which is a function of growth and profit across our business lines, multiplied times a third of after-tax abstract underwriting income. So, we have established that dividend program for the year, and we would use any capital beyond that obviously as efficiently as possible and today that means reinvesting in the business.
John Sauerland: Yes, I think you start hitting on the fact that we priced all segments to a common combined ratio target. And the preferred segment, we look at both the loss side as well as the expense side, so both of those are considered in the pricing. There are some segments that drive higher expenses. We build that into the prices as well. So you will find segments for our business that have actually lower loss ratios, higher expense ratios than perhaps the Robinsons in aggregate. But the point is, is that we are looking very granularly at each segment and making sure that we're pricing to the same lifetime combined ratio target.
John Sauerland: Great question, it depends on the channel, it depends on the segments. Certainly in the direct channel, we have a material "new business penalty." We don't think of it as a penalty we think of that as the cost of acquiring customers that we're going to keep for a long time. And we again are pricing in the target acquisition costs that Dan was talking about across the life of that policy holders. So even though we will run well above a 100 combined ratio for a new direct customer we are going to recoup that over the life of the customer. So, the Robinsons into that spectrum certainly is generally speaking a longer retaining end of the spectrum, so we have longer to recoup those costs. We've normally then would be able to have a smaller load if you will on each policy term, but again the new business combined ratio for direct is going to be far higher, in agency channel there's far less disparity across expenses for new and renewal customers and in the Robinson the spectrum is actually less disparity on the lost performance as well. Relative to sort of the same end of the spectrum so there's certainly a new business penalty for growing we think the lifetime combines for all those customers are well within our targets so we're very excited to be growing at the pace we are and delivering the calendar year combined ratio results we have as well.
John Sauerland: Right now calendar, our calendar year constraint is the same it’s always been, it's 96 calendar year growth fast as we can as long as we can service our customers. So when we were in a similar position a couple years ago with being able to get out in front of hiring and make sure that we could service our customers and we we're had this competitive price and a great product our 8 to 4 product on the street. We really wanted to make sure to capture as much of the market as we could. Of course, you remember in the fall of 2016, we pulled back on advertising because of the CAT losses and that's always our constraint. Every calendar year, our constraints are going to be 96 that is a constant its part of our culture, it's not a sale for, and so that will obviously be a constraint. Clearly, right now, one month in its results. We are not seeing that as a constraint. But again we’ve got one month of results in. It’s a long year. We don’t know it’s going to happen with another nature. I wouldn’t have thought the 2017 would have been a more difficult CAT year than 2016, but of course it was. So that’s really our biggest constraint is our profit goal and making sure we can take care of our customers. And we have been very, very happy. I wrote in my letter of -- what I call our recruiting machine. Not just the amount of people we have been able to hire but the caliber of people.  When I am ended doing hire classes, I am amazed. And one of the ways we look at that especially in the claims organization is how their accuracy is going. So that’s a large part of what we pay out in loss cause and our accuracy continues to be at record level. So that’s really what excites us about having few constraints right now. It’s a good time here.
John Sauerland: It’s very hard I think to tease out what you are getting at. We do generally younger clientele than some of our competitors certainly on the direct side of business. We think we skew more towards urban areas where we would expect there would be higher penetration of T&C users. But it’s very hard to definitively understand, if and to what degree people using Uber, Lyft et cetera at different times of the evening or weekend are helping a loss experience at all. But it certainly is a great hypothesis, but one that we really can’t answer with any surety.
