Susan Griffith: So I hope you enjoyed that and all of the artwork is also on our Investor Relations webpage, so please feel free to view that. It's funny how much we've grown because in that video that was only a couple of months ago I said 36,000 people and now we have over 38,000 people, which has been pretty incredible. But because our people and our culture are such an important management, I've asked Lori Niederst, our Chief Human Resource Officer, to come up and talk about that today. Following her will be John Sauerland, and he's going to talk about our dividend policy change. And of course, we did some QA in our November's earnings release and I wrote about it in my annual letter to shareholders, so hopefully there's a lot of clarity around why we made the change, but he'll come up and talk about that as well. So let me give you a little background on Lori. So Lori started her career in public accounting as a CPA. She came to Progressive about 21 years ago as an analyst in the finance group. She quickly moved to our call centers, which now we refer to as CRM, customer relationship management centers and did a variety jobs with increasing responsibility. I first met Lori when I was in her role and was hiring a Comp and Benefits Director. And when she first interviewed, we had a couple of different interviews, I loved the fact that she cared deeply about our people and our culture, really has always been a steward of our culture, then she had this balance of great business acumen. And I love the fact that she could bring both to that job as Comp and Benefits Manager. That's where she really learned the business of HR. And she and I along the years talked about other opportunities that she might do and how to best suit her up for that. So we thought it would be good for her to do a field HR job. So when the claims field HR job came open, she applied for that and landed that role. And that was a perfect HR field role because: one, it's the most employees we have for the company, and we spent a lot of money in claims. So every dollar that comes in, the most we spend out is in the claims organization. So she learned very deeply that part of our organization. And a little bit over 2 years ago, Lori became Chief Human Resource Officer, and she continues to apply that great balance of incredible business acumen and just caring so much about our culture. And the one thing that I love about having her on our team, and I think the rest of my team will agree, is that pretty much on any given day, Lori challenges us. And she challenges us to be better, and I think that's really important with an HR partner. So I'm going to let Lori take it from here. 
Susan Griffith: Let me start, Elyse, let me start with that. So we believe the addressable market is really big, and we are doing it not unlike we did our Progressive Advantage Agency over on the Personal Lines side. So we are starting with partners that we work with third-party unaffiliated partners and then, of course, we'll write on our own paper this year with BOP. So it will go a little bit slower this year. We've, obviously, been investing in this for a while, but we believe that there is such a good synergy with having the #1 commercial auto position and then really at some point having the whole household. And I really think about the business owner that has business in their home or nearby their house and they have their vehicles with us, maybe a toy, their home and kind of taking care of the entire customer. So I would say a lot of opportunity. We will use both written on our own paper as well as partners to make sure we can cover as many small business people as possible. 
Susan Griffith: And we refer to that as BusinessQuote Explorer so we have HomeQuote Explorer, BusinessQuote Explorer. You'll be hearing a lot more about that and likely we'll have John Barbagallo or -- and someone on his team at a webcast later this year. 
Susan Griffith: So if you go back to 2016, we were really challenged from a profitability perspective and John Barbagallo who runs that organization took a step back and these are 12-month policies so we know when we need rate it's going to take some time to earn in. So we really got ahead of that in 2016 and said, "Okay here is what we think we need." In addition, just like we do on our Personal Lines side, we use segmentation for all of our BMTs. And for us, this is really important to understand and match rate to risk. And so we got out ahead of that. We feel great about our rate. We took about 5.5% in commercial last year. And we feel great about our ability to pull back, if we need to, segment. And, as you know, in a couple of states, we had some restrictions for quite some time until we felt like we were in a really good position, and we've lifted most of those but, obviously, you saw the numbers. We are doing incredibly well from a margin perspective as well as a growth perspective. And we think that will really help to spearhead like you talked about, at least, our small business insurer. 
Susan Griffith: Again, that was -- you know, it's an internal target that we look to and a lot of it depends in a good way on where gain share flows in from that perspective, from an expense perspective. We look at that at a 1.0 gain share, kind of our target gain share, if it's higher, obviously, it's tougher to control expenses. I would say from an overall expense ratio, we've been doing a lot of advertising, which flows into our expense ratio and that's why we bifurcate the non-acquisition expense ratio with all others. So that's -- so advertising has been a big part of our expenses, and we only advertise when we feel like it's an efficient use of our funds and that we can get in customers at a cost lower than our target acquisition cost or cost per sale, so we feel good about that. And again, it's 1 month into it and things flow there but part of it right now in January is internal gain share and advertising. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, the actual number, there is a lot of variables that go into it, the type of claims some would be pre-suit demands, some are out there, some are already in lawsuit. Here is how we treated this. So we watch that litigation really closely, and it was the industry watching it, because we all felt like  the deductible, we were doing it in the correct way. The Fourth District Court of Appeals affirmed that. Went to the Fifth District Court of Appeals and they overruled that. And then, of course, you know the results from the Florida Supreme Court. We treated this -- so we knew the files that were at risk, and we had the inventory. We, obviously, reopened a bunch immediately and treated this almost like a cat, where we got people down there and resolved those claims, and we have a big portion of them resolved and all of them reserved to the best of our knowledge, obviously. So we feel really good about our position here. From an overall, does this go to other states, PIP is really different in each state. So PIP isn't in every state, it's only in about 15 states and it's very different. And different states have a very different litigious atmosphere. Florida happens to be 1 that is always ripe for litigation. So I don't feel -- I'm not nervous about it going to other areas of the country because it's just different. This was very specific about how a deductible was treated and so I'm not concerned about that particular litigation going to other states. 
Susan Griffith: It was really just a process change in terms of when we determined you would renew with a lapse in coverage. And we used to do it at a certain time frame, and we reduced that timeframe because we found those customers, we weren't reaching our target margin. And so when we looked at that, we modeled out what we thought -- what the effect we thought would be on PLE and that's just flowing through to what you're seeing now. 
Susan Griffith: We are enthusiastic about 2019, specifically as you talk about with the Robinsons. So as you know, we have more platinum agents than ever. We are continuing to add in that. We are continuing to expand across the country. So for us, both on the agency and the direct side, we have a lot of runway. In fact, we're less than 2% of the Robinson market. I used to stand up here probably several years ago, and John, I think you did, too, and forever, we were about 1%. We were 0.7 forever. We've built the infrastructure now so that Progressive Advantage Agency that at one point had 25 people now has hundreds of people for those direct callers to come in, and we have a broad array of home products for them, whether it's Progressive Home or others. Then we've built an online version of the HomeQuote Explorer. We are building buy  buttons. So we feel like we have a lot of runway in that bundle as point of sale and as we graduate. So even when you think about our increase in our renter's policy, that's a prelude to the people that are going to buy our home. So we think that's really important. On the Agency side, I was just with a platinum blue agent this morning who had become the #1 in his shop and it's a big shop. And we're talking about how we're going to continue to work with him to grow our business and take care of our mutual customers. So from my perspective, and John you can weigh in, I feel very bullish on our ability to continue to grow in that preferred market. 
Susan Griffith: That's a great question and couldn't disagree more because we make it such a passion to talk about our culture. So we will hire 10,000 people this year. I go to and speak at every new hire class as does my senior leadership team. So believe me, that has been almost on a weekly basis. I go to the claims new hire, I go to the corporate new hire, which includes commercial, I go to CRM new hire and I spend an hour oftentimes right in this area that we are sitting in and I talk about our culture, our values, what I need from them. So I do get to one-on-one, either in-person or via webcast, meet nearly every new hire. There might be an occasion when I'm gone. Think that is hugely important. And my whole team does that. In addition, I think it's important for me as a leader to travel out extensively as does my team. We are out and about all the time. And oftentimes, it's sitting in rooms of 20 people saying, tell me what you don't like. Tell me what you may talk about that we wouldn't know about. Lori in particular, who you just met, our head of HR, constantly goes out and just does town halls to see what's on our minds and tell us what we can change. Many of our changes we've made over the years were from the employee base saying have you thought about this, can you make this change? Would you consider this? And that's our passion. And for us, cultures evolve and it will continue to evolve because we have different demographics and different needs, but we are very in tune to that and this is something that is so critical to our success that we spend a big majority of our time, a large part of our time making sure that we hear our people, that we're here for our people and that we are open. I can tell you that it's not uncommon like Lori said for someone to stop me or for someone just to pop into my office and say hi, I knew you were up here, can we talk? And I purposely make an effort usually I try to do it on Friday, and some other days I'm actually going to venture out of the building I am in. I walk downstairs, grab lunch and randomly sit with 5 or 6 people that I haven't met. And it's usually super awkward for like 5 minutes after I ask them if I can join them and then 10 minutes later, we're laughing and I've gotten to know 5 or 6 employees, and it was funny because this week I said to my assistant, let's plan on me going to different offices around Cleveland because I sit in one of the campus locations, but we have a lot of locations. It won't be perfect but this is something we talk about every day. We talk about culture, diversity, engagement at every single 1 of my meetings and that flows all the way down. So to me, it could be something with companies grow too fast, we will not let that happen. 
Susan Griffith: And Michael, I would say that competition is great. It makes us all better, it makes us all think about the customer differently. I like where we are positioned because we've invested in this in the last 18 months or so knowing it would take some time to get it right and own it. But we also have the advantage like we try to do with broadened coverage where, when and how customers want to shop. So we have our Agency customers who want to sit knee to knee and kind of understand the coverages for their small business and then we'll have Direct both, just like we did in Personal Lines, on the phone or online. So having a variety of ways with which to buy as a small business consumer depending on your tenure and kind of your knowledge of what products need to protect you. So I think to me, competition makes all of us better. I'm excited about what the future will bring. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, we look at advertising and look at it from an efficiency perspective. And we look at that from everywhere we advertise, so whether it's radio, mass media, digital, and what we really look at is a target acquisition cost. And that can be different for customers, and we've also started to look at sort of a lifetime customer value and we look at the home. So there's a lot of different things that go into that. But when we have a targeted acquisition cost and our cost per sale is less than that or less than or equal to that, we believe that's efficient use of our dollars. So we will use those dollars and flex them, depending on what's going on in the other part of the company as needed. So this last couple of years, it's been great because we've been able to really put on the gas in terms of advertising, and we've had a lot of different advertising campaigns that have brought in new prospects and ultimately conversion. As you know in 2016, we reduced advertising cost a little bit when we got close to our 96 target combined ratio. So those things happen. And 96 takes priority over everything, but we believe if we play it right, and we have efficient marketing and great segmentation and a great brand and a low-cost structure, we can have it all. Some years, we have to flex. 
Susan Griffith: And a shout-out to our marketing department who continues to evolve this campaign so you know we had kind of Flo in the superstore and then we had Jamie and now we have a whole squad of Flo. We have our campaign of Parentamorphosis that says when you buy your first home, you become your parents. We've got a couple of really great ads coming out pretty soon. And you are going to see some different, a couple of different campaigns, I won't give a spoiler alert, coming out in the next few months, one for our Special Lines, our motorcycle. And we're delving into some things like podcasts that I think you're going to be really interested in, but we continue to evolve our cast of characters, and that to me is a big thing. We're not using the same old commercials over and over. We continue to expand. 
Susan Griffith: You know a lot of it, it depends on the year, but almost always, you have late reports from December from the holidays that go into January. Sometimes you can have a late report and it's also weather-related. So it could be double. Like this year, some of the adverse development was Florida PIP and some was late reporting. But if you look over the last 3 years, I would not use January as looking at the whole year out. So if you look at the last 3 years, January was at least 1 point upwards in 1 year of like 3.2 points I think in 2018. Throughout the year, the most that we have come to in the last 3 years at the end of the year had been 0.4 points, so less than half a point. So January is just kind of bumpy because of timing and we kind of stop it there and start a new year, but a lot of it is late reporting, weather or some circumstance. But don't put a lot of thought into January because if you see over the last 3 years, it really does smooth out and we try to be exact as we can for our reserving and we have been pretty close to that. 
Susan Griffith: I'll start, and you, John, you can add. So on trailing -- on a trailing 12, it's more benign. But the fourth quarter overall, severity was up about 6.8%, and we attribute that to medical expenses for injuries and cars are more expensive to fix because of the technology in those vehicles. And I believe that's why you were saying -- I mean, as you look at the cars and what components are in there, they've become expensive and, obviously, healthcare costs continue to be expensive. So those are a couple of the things that go into both the collision as well as BI. 
Susan Griffith: John, you can add anything you want. For us, it's really about the mix of the business. And as we have more and more of our preferred market come in, you are going to have loss ratios change again. We feel like we have a lot more runway to add more of those customers. There's a lot that goes into that, but that would be my main take. 
Susan Griffith: I don't know that we actually share that, but I think it's really dependent on a time of year, buying -- to buying time, so there's times where there is more shopping for home or shopping for auto. And increasingly, though, I will say our digital is becoming much more a part of our spend. 
Susan Griffith: From an overall PIP growth, it was substantial. I mean, I think anytime you can keep the customers you have, you already had the acquisition cost of them coming in, I think it's substantial. I don't have the actual percentage with me right now, but it's substantial. That's why we put such a focus on retention and making sure that we -- the customers we bring in we satisfy, give them a reason to stay. They add more policies as their needs evolve, so it has been significant. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, I mean, I think you -- I think if you're talking about, I think a couple of years ago, we were talking about sort of the new business tax and that coming in, I think... 
Susan Griffith: Yes, as you see that flow through, I think it's really important. I think a part of that as well is the type of new business that we bring in. So we really do a lot more underwriting now to make sure that we bring in customers where we believe we can make at or below our target margins. So the inflow is changing. We're keeping people longer, so those 2 things together, I think, has been a good story. 
Susan Griffith: So I'll take the last part first. Our combined ratio, that 96 is an aggregate number. So they are -- we have different targets in every different part of our business, sometimes in different states, definitely new and renewal, and in different products. So that 96 is really an aggregate. So we already have different targets, depending on the volatility of the business. From a premium to surplus perspective, so I think John used the 1 to 3, which is auto. It's about half of that for home, so those do change as we have different types of products. 
Susan Griffith: Absolutely, yes. So we are going to continue to have the ability on our HomeQuote Explorer, which is what we call our digital capacity, to not only quote, but bind online, to have that buy button so we will continue to invest in doing and rolling out that to more and more states because normally when people go online, they want to be able to seal the deal, so we'll do that. And that's the great thing about having your own home plus partners is you have the ability to service almost every customer. The same thing on the commercial side. We will have the BusinessQuote Explorer. We did a soft launch last year. We'll continue to invest in that. And almost follow suit with what we did on the Personal Lines side, which we found very successful. So we are putting a lot of investment in technology on in both of those platforms. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, it is from our handhelds, so our mobile as a device. So as you know, we have 2 different ways you can have our usage-based insurance, with a dongle and with a handheld. With a handheld, we're able to tell when you are using the phone hands-free or holding it, which we have found is very correlated to losses. I can't give you all the data because it's private to -- confidential to Progressive, but we find that people that use their phones either an app or a phone call, X amount of time, it's more correlated to losses. So it's sort of the next wave of how we think about our usage-based insurance. And I think for years, people said we knew if someone is in the left lane and they are using their phone or on their phone, they have to be worse drivers. That was our premise as well but we like data, and so we took a long time to understand this and then we developed an algorithm and are using it now with the people that choose our mobile device for UBI. 
Susan Griffith: I don't know if I have that data. I think we believe it's powerful and we'd probably be able to tell you that when we have more development, more time. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, there's a couple of things. The main one that -- we are working on a lot of technology, but the main one that we have been working on, we continue to roll out in the last couple of years, we call photo method of inspection. So customers being able to take photos or video and we are able to be very, very efficient in writing those estimates because you don't have to be side of car by the sheet metal. And we have been doing really well, but rolling it out slowly because if you -- you can do that and reduce LAE, but if you increase indemnity, that doesn't make any sense, so we are trying to be really exact with that. And we believe that, that will ultimately, and we are testing it right now, lead to the machine being able to write a portion of the estimates that are pretty minor. And so we'll be testing that this year. Those 2 things are going to be really big in claims. And we continue to always chip away at different processes in the claims organization to figure out how to get more efficient. What are we doing that doesn't add value? So we chip away at that and have a whole spectrum of process type of things we are working on as well as obviously being accurate, making sure we pay the right amount every time for our customer. But I would say those are the big things really with our estimatics. 
John Sauerland: Just to elaborate a little bit. We are the #1 commercial auto writer in the country by a wide margin. We are having great results in that space right now. You saw the 2018, I think 28% growth, a tremendous combined ratio. We've got to continue to have a runway there and GL and BOP probably is a marketplace 3x the size of commercial auto. As Tricia said, we have started to -- our foray into other products, predominantly through third parties, Personal Lines side as well as commercial side, on predominantly the Direct side of the business. And that affords us a lot of experience and opportunity into what works with our customer set. And GL and BOP are products that we do offer through third parties today in our Direct business for Commercial Lines. Similarly, to how we started with auto in -- I'm sorry, with home in the Personal Lines group, we expect to offer our own product up alongside third-party products, it's worked really well in the homeowners space. We think it will work really well in the Commercial Lines space as well to ensure we've got the product that will keep that core household, as Tricia was saying, and ensure that if the product that is right for them is the Progressive product, we have that for them as well. 
John Sauerland: I'd take one more moment to tout our successful positioning right now in commercial. The other area we're really excited about is in electronic logging devices. So, we think we've been at the forefront of employing usage-based insurance rating in the commercial side similar to what we have done for well over a decade on the personal side with Snapshot. Here, we are providing pretty significant discounts to interstate truckers who are now required to have electronic logging devices on their vehicles, provides a great insight into the driving behavior and allows us to apply that to the insurance premium. So we think, Tricia was talking about matching rate to risk, that is a huge step forward in the commercial business in doing so. 
John Sauerland: Yes, we have tremendous opportunity on the preferred and, as Tricia said, our share there is very low. Our share, however, on the other segments is actually -- affords us plenty of growth opportunity as well, and we have grown very nicely across all segments, certainly more with what we call the Robinsons and others, but we've been growing across all segments and all channels.  In terms of loss cost trend premium trend, if that was part of your question, we can't perfectly predict loss trends going into 2019. Obviously our product managers and pricing team attempts to do that when we set the prices. We can't know for sure. Clearly, claims frequency has been coming down, that's been a fairly consistent trend. Claim severity, going the other way in a fairly robust way. We think that will probably continue for a lot of reasons as well. We continue to take rates up in our commercial business, in our Property business. In our core auto business, our rate increases have slowed. You've probably seen that. It's becoming a bit more competitive in the marketplace. But, obviously, our margins remain very robust. 
John Sauerland: I meant that GL, BOP, I'm going to round, a little over $100 billion in the U.S.; commercial Auto, around a little over 30 billion. So 3x the commercial auto marketplace. We don't compete specifically in every niche of that market of course, but it gives you perspective on the breadth of market we are opening up by being able to offer those products. The other thing, similar to the personal lines side that offer, it's not only about writing incremental GL, BOP, it's about keeping the commercial auto longer. So to the extent a business evolves and grows and buys a location, et cetera, they have broader needs. Today, we can't meet that broader need, especially within our Agency channel  those incremental products will afford us the ability to retain our current customer set longer. Again, same path we took with personal auto and home in order to increase PLE. 
John Sauerland: To that, I would add, we are hugely data-driven. We've gotten really good at measuring our advertising, not only in the digital space, but now in the mass media space. We buy virtually all of our advertising in-house. So we use that information, we know day part, television show, how our cost per sale performs on that buy, and then we know where we can buy it for the next show. So we have tremendous negotiating ability because of the knowledge we've gained, that we've used historically in the digital space, but we've now expanded it to mass media, which has had us making a lot different decisions and way more productive decisions in the mass media space. So that is how we manage it, and I think we are in a way better position now to manage it broadly across our spend than we were even just a year ago. It's pretty impressive stuff. 
John Sauerland: Yes, I think Tricia nailed it. BI is pretty consistently plus 4 lately. Collision, as you saw, was plus 8 for the year. Tricia mentioned that as well. Technology in vehicles is making crashes more expensive and it is making the frequency with which we total a vehicle when it's in a crash go up as well. So we think those trends are going to continue. And if you look back, they've been pretty consistent for quite some time. So the frequency side of the equation is much harder to predict, the severity side we're pretty confident is going to continue at a pace it's been at for a while now. 
John Sauerland: Yes, that obviously is the positive side of why was the development from the prior year 4.8 points. The accident year loss ratio for January was exceptional. We don't report severity and frequency on a monthly basis. That would get us into some very interesting territory. So I won't really explain further there, but my previous comments around severity and frequency, I think you could bring forward to January. Weather makes a lot of difference as well. In winter months, how much precipitation that's freezing, et cetera and in the Northern part of the country, it matters a lot. So we are happy with the loss ratio for January, and we are not going to get into specific frequency and severity for months. 
John Sauerland: Commercial will be lower than auto, for sure. But recognize, if you think about total return on the business, we try to target underwriting margin in concert with investment return to reach similar ROEs across our business lines. So commercial is a great example where a much longer tail in terms of the claims, much greater investment return as a result. We blend that with our underwriting expectations. So yes, the surplus requirements for those other lines outside of auto are more robust than our auto lines, but at the same time we're targeting returns similar across those lines. 
John Sauerland: So the buy button right now for Progressive Home is in a limited number of states. HomeQuote Explorer is broadly rolled out. I don't know about 50 states, but the predominance of the country for sure. The piece that Tricia was talking about that helps conversion a lot is if you present the potential customer with the ability to just click a button to buy. We don't have that for Progressive Home across the country, that's what we are rolling out. 
John Sauerland: We are confident it is quite additive, and we haven't rolled it out everywhere yet, but we are working to do so expeditiously. 
