Susan Griffith: Good question, Mike, thanks. So we think the long-term effects of the legislation as it's written today would be very positive for the consumers of Florida. In the meantime, we're very familiar with the plaintiff bar, and we don't know that they will not try to challenge those. So what we did in March was we took a look at the fact that more lawsuits were being filed. And every time we consider our cost we look at, is it estimable and probable. And that's why we strengthened the reserve for possible and likely lawsuits that are going to occur between the time that the governor talked about the legislative bill and the time that he signed it.  In fact, in March, there were 280,000 lawsuits filed in Florida, not ours, overall in Florida, civil lawsuits, which is up nearly 130%, the all-time high of May 2021. So significant lawsuits. So short term, we are going to prepare to obviously get through those long term, this will be good. So a couple of good things that came out of the House Bill 837. Comparative laws changed from pure to modify comparatives. So if you're greater than 50%, you don't collect. The statute limitations is from 4 years to 2 years. There's a safe harbor for bad faith, which is really important to us because it takes some time when you get into claim to actually gather the information to make to actually start to negotiate if there's a demand and probably most importantly, repealing one way attorney fees. There's a little bit more than that, but we think those are really good.  In the short term, though, we -- this could evolve, and we don't know if it will be challenged. And so we will just react accordingly as we have more information. But overall, we feel very good about the law changes, and we think it's really good more importantly for the consumers of Florida.
Susan Griffith: Yes. I mean I think at any time you reduce advertising, the likelihood of growth on subsiding a little bit is going to happen. We see that in our data. And we have seen our competitors take rate compared to us and even more so -- even more than us. So the hard market really has to do with our people shopping, and they are. So we do feel still bullish on our growth. Let me give you a couple of key stats because I didn't talk about those. I talked a little bit about the new apps, which were tremendous in the all-time history of the company. But let me give you a couple of other interesting stats that we feel really incredible about.  So this quarter, we grew policies in force $1.4 million. We grew premium $2.6 billion, which is approximately like 1 point of market share. If you look at even like a 12-month span, we've grown more than $5 billion. And if you think about that, that's the size of a top 10 carrier. So those are a couple I think, interesting an extraordinary tidbits that we feel good about. Also, when you look at growth, you're going to look at both unit growth and premium growth. So maybe unit growth subsides a little bit, we really don't know. We just know that sometimes when you reduce advertising, when you increase advertising, there's the inverse relationship. But there's also premium growth. So as we take more rate to get to our target profit margin, you're going to see some premium growth. And ultimately, our goal is that you'll also see our margins widen.
Susan Griffith: Sure. I assume that would come up when I didn't give a number. we're going to take as much rate as we need to try to get to our target profit margin. I believe what we've shown, not just over this inflationary period, but over decades with Progressive, that we execute on our ability to do that. We have a great pricing group, a great rate revision group. So we know we can do that. Now there's all the caveats of regulatory approval, what can happen with weather, which could increase or decrease our desire to have more rates. And of course, it's very specific state, channel product, et cetera. What I would say at this point in time, and again, all the caveats that this is really quite a dynamic time. We think we'll take in the neighborhood of around 10 more points this year to catch up and stay ahead of trend in private passenger auto. So low single digits. But again, that could be 8% to 12%. We don't know. Right now, that's our plan as of today. We're watching as things unfold.
Susan Griffith: Yes. From an auto perspective, we always want to grow as fast as we can, but we are limited sometimes with the regulatory approvals. So obviously, there are places where we haven't got as much rate as we've needed, think the Coast, which we've talked about before, going to need more on those because we've been waiting for some rate increases in some of those states. Some are less where we feel like we're ahead of it. We don't really want to go into details, but suffice it to say, on a country-wide average, we think in the neighborhood about 10% additional this year.
Susan Griffith: Well, I think in this quarter, our media expense was up, so you're going to feel that especially on the direct side since we front-load those costs. So I think I said this in the last call. I sort of look at new business penalty as an investment in our future and having our future policyholders. But you did see a higher expense ratio, and we were -- we still had our pedal on for media spend in that first -- in the first quarter this year. So yes, expenses were higher.
Susan Griffith: Yes, yes, new business does carry a higher loss ratio. That was part of it as well, including a lot of things that happened in the first quarter, record level compared to the last 5 years with weather losses, et cetera. But yes, there is a penalty there as well anytime we have new business.
Susan Griffith: Yes, it's that balance, Brian, of our calendar year commitment and our lifetime cohort commitment. And so we're always thinking about the future, we're always trying to balance it. And I would say we're not putting on the brakes. We're definitely going to reduce our media spend, but our intentions are that we still want to grow. I just wanted to say that normally, when we reduce media, it could have anticipated slow growth.  Now John just mentioned, too, a lot of it depends on what's happening with competitors. We're still seeing a lot of ambient shopping. We're seeing -- we still see a very hard market. So our intentions are to get to our calendar year 96 and literally, as soon as we can, if we get to that, depending again on weather, regulatory things, et cetera, we can very easily ramp up our media spend to grow. So it's really that balance of accident year, calendar year commitments.
Susan Griffith: Yes, a really good question. There's a lot that goes into the severity of fixing cars. And so a couple of things. We have really -- and I think as an industry, struggled with shop capacity. So our ability to get cars in the throughput to get them out, which could, of course, have effect on length of time, rental, et cetera. Parts prices are up, just a little bit under 3%, and labor rates. So think of the unemployment rate and how there's a problem kind of hiring everywhere. Same thing with mechanical techs in the body shops. But those repair rates are up between 4.5% and 5%. So that's some contributions. And then really, the parts prices, the cost of those haven't really abated either. So what we're really working to do our President of Claims is working with our body shop partners to open up capacity and get those cars in and out. And of course, weather exacerbates that as well. So we still haven't seen -- the Manheim went down a little bit. But again, it pops up and the high over the last several years is extraordinary. So that's kind of the trends we're reacting to. Again, the good part about this is these are short tailed. So we can react to them really quickly, which we have. And then we can continue to watch trends to determine have we taken enough rates for what we need now, in the future.
Susan Griffith: Yes. Yes. I would say there's a lot of leverage, especially on the Commercial side. And I won't go into all of what we're working on with restrictions on new business, et cetera. But yes, we're able to pretty quickly put those into play to make sure that the new business we're bringing on reach our target profit margins.
Susan Griffith: Yes. We won't share exactly where we're pulling back, just like we don't share our budget and actually where our budget goes to whether it's mass media or digital. But I will say when we pull back on advertising, we have an incredible media book, and they will -- media group, and they will look at the most inefficient media and pull back accordingly. So that's something that we can dial up or down depending on what's happening with our profit margins. So -- but we won't share that. We can more easily turn local off if we need to, if we can't get right, et cetera. So that's kind of the approach we take to our media. We're really flexible and nimble as we've shown in the past.
Susan Griffith: I think most of the regulators really do see and are watching these trends and it's not Progressive alone. It's definitely the industry seeing these inflationary trends continue. And so for the majority, as we show the data, they understand what we need for prospective rates. There's always going to be some challenges and we continue to have challenges. Like I said, if you take the 2 states on each coast that we always have a challenge with. But you know what, we're working with the departments of insurance to show and share our data and the need for it because in the long run, what we want to have is competitive prices. That's what makes our industry great, and we want to have available and affordable coverage for people in every state. So availability is really important. We know that. And so we're going to continue to work with the regulators to get that, but there's always a couple of states that could be challenging.
Susan Griffith: Yes. I mean frequency in Q1 was relatively flat. We haven't quite seen it come back necessarily to solidly pre-COVID. It's really hard to flesh out frequency trends because there's still so many macroeconomic things that go into, we kind of just try to react to it. And there's always a little bit of noise in one quarter. So we'll continue to watch how frequency goes. Obviously, we have a lot of data from miles driven, vehicle miles traveled from our UBI data, so we watch for that. But that's something that we watch and react to, and there's a lot of inputs and a lot that we don't control.
Susan Griffith: Yes. Bodily injury has started to be relatively stable over the last several quarters. Some of the severity increases we saw in Q1 had to do with our large losses, what we call , which is soft tissue, attorney rep, non-lit and some closing of soft tissue. So we're able to discern that pretty deeply and watch for that. And of course, obviously, those trends can change as well. But it's been fairly stable. And I think attorney rep levels are being -- are stabilized a little bit more too. And of course, I'll go to Florida because that could -- Florida is a big state, one of our biggest states, so that could change as well depending on how many losses we ultimately get based on House Bill 837.
Susan Griffith: Well, it's hard to discern distracted driving solely on its own because we look at so many different variables. And obviously, we have a lot of data from our usage-based insurance from our snapshot to kind of understand the different variables. And there's a relatedness to that. So if you think about distracted driving and how it could relate to hard break. So it's not -- so we don't look at distracted driving only. So we were just talking before the call on how many more accidents we see. What we can react to, though, is the data where we -- is exactly what we're seeing in terms of accidents, frequency, vehicle mile travel, the congestion. So we look at all of that to understand what's happening and react to that. But I wouldn't say I would have any really further commentary specifically on distracted driving.
Susan Griffith: Yes. So our Commercial Lines, especially when you look at the reserving, is mostly in our core auto and very -- they're seeing very similar trends. And the trucking segment, those are expensive to fix as well. And from the perspective of reserving, we're seeing a little bit more late reports in our reps. Our case reserves are just strengthening from the rep perspective, but pretty similar trends.
Susan Griffith: Yes. It was additional to the rate that we took in quarter 1. I won't go into actually talking exactly about what's catched up, et cetera, because we also look at rates perspectively, but we believe at this point with what we're seeing that, that will get us both of those. It will get us to the point where we are at our target profit margin eventually, hopefully, and rate to come to stay ahead of trend specifically.
Susan Griffith: Yes. What I always love to, and we've talked about this the other day in one of my meetings, is every time a situation like this happened and this has been such an incredibly volatile 3 years. When you pull back on advertising or expenses, you always learn something. So we try to take advantage of these times as well to learn something about our advertising and efficiency, et cetera. So we continue to do that as well, just as another comment.
Susan Griffith: Well, I can give you a color of why we believe there's higher severity this quarter. And there's always a lot of noise in the quarter, but much of what you're seeing with the higher versus collision has to do with some older claims that are now working its way through our inbound subrogation. So if you think about claims at the height of ACV, et cetera, we're working through those. So that would be my point about the property damage severity trend. I'm not sure if I answered your question or...
Susan Griffith: Yes. We're going to use the similar levers, and that's why I tried to answer in my opening question-and-answer session. At that point, regulators -- we were ahead of the curve, ahead of the competition. So regulators were still, I think, worried about the effects of the people giving us back with the COVID, et cetera, which I'm very proud of all that we did with that, but very similar levers that we used last time. I think also what we're seeing now, though, is that it's a very hard market. So I think both Pat and John talked about the rate increases that our competitors are taking, which is still causing some shopping.  So even though we'll use similar levers, we've been able to grow, like I gave you some of the stats first quarter. And so we believe that, that may continue depending again on what competition does. I think regulators started seeing way more companies come in with very similar data, and they know that if they want to have available coverage for their constituents that we have to put this through the system. It's just -- it's the bottom line, what we're seeing from an inflationary trend.
Susan Griffith: Yes, you probably could. I haven't really done the math on that. But what we did is we looked at -- we looked at what we thought would be probable and estimable based on the thought of lawsuits that happened in a short period of time before the bill was signed. And again, that could evolve because some of those things may or may not actually happen. But yes, that math is probably pretty accurate. And again, that's something that will continue to evolve.
Susan Griffith: Yes. I think we're out in the queue. Pat or John can weigh in on this. I think we grew in all segments. I think we've -- I think we've increased in Robinsons from an auto home bundle. Sam's are going to be more likely to continue to shop. So there's always the PLE part of that. But I think we grew against all segments.
Susan Griffith: Yes. It's really all about our calendar year goal. So -- we appreciate the fact that we will look at our long-term growth as long as well as our short-term growth. But we've had a very long stated goal for long-term holders, for our investment community that we will do everything we can to treat our calendar year 96. And we're not there. We're at 99. And so that's why we're taking aggressive actions. The great part is we have lots of levers that we can quickly move. And our nimbleness, specifically here Progressive will be the benefit. So if things turn around dramatically in the next 4 months, again, the caveats are regulatory approval, weather, inflationary trends, we'll be able to put on growth. But also -- and that's why I gave those stats at the beginning. The growth has been unbelievable, and we don't think it's going to come to a screeching halt. We know that there's a relationship between advertising and new business apps we're still feeling positive.  So I hope my letter, the queue and my comments didn't say this growth is going to come to a screeching halt. What I wanted to do is just say, hey, that can very well happen when we reduce advertising and always has in the past. To what degree is very dependent on all those things, including competition.
Susan Griffith: Well, it traded positive on a trailing 3. It's still down on a trailing 12. We think trailing 3 is more indicative of what's happening. Again, that may and could change depending on the rate increases. That's usually what we see happen. The PLE is just our likelihood for our customer, the length of time our customers are likely to stay. So the trailing 3 is pretty -- is more recent activity. We'll have to continue to watch that trend to see if any of our rate actions affect that negatively.
Susan Griffith: Yes. I mean what we prefer to do is, obviously, we want to be ahead of the rates to achieve our target profit margins. We prefer to take small bites to the apple, which we did in first quarter, but then we saw the data change dramatically. And so for our future rate need, we believe at this point that around 10 rates is sort of the neighborhood of what we'll need on the private passenger auto side. So I think you're thinking about it. Okay. I mean what we said in the quarter is that we thought the largest rate increases were behind us, but this has been a really volatile time. And so we're just reacting to what we're seeing right now.
Susan Griffith: No. I mean I think where adverse selection comes into place specifically is for those companies that have industry-leading segmentation. And we believe we have that. We believe we have that with our variables, with our UBI, et cetera. So we actually feel good that we talked a little bit about the underlying loss cost. We feel pretty good about that. There's just some trends that we're seeing that we need to get ahead of. So our goal, of course, is to rate accurately and be aggressive in getting the right rate at the right time on the street. And if you do that and you have segmentation like we do, adverse selection should happen, but not to us.
John Sauerland: Mike, the one point I'd add on that is, we don't live in a vacuum, obviously. And our actions I would say, all else equal, will certainly adversely affect growth, less advertising dollars, higher rates for sure. But as we saw last year, as the competitive marketplace was in a bit of disarray even with our aggressive actions, we saw growth. So it will remain to be seen what our competitors do in this environment that we are currently experiencing and if they react aggressively as well, then obviously, our growth won't be as adversely affected.
John Sauerland: David, on your question on catch-up versus forward looking. Our pricing is always forward-looking. And as we mentioned and Tricia's introductory comments, we clearly were a little off in terms of severities for fixing cars coming into the year. And that obviously was dialed into our indications. We've seen additional data points, as she mentioned, and we are dialing that into our future trend selects. There was also a discussion around Manheim. Our projections around Manheim, if you look back, for it to come down more aggressively than it has. It has been -- car pricing, in general, has stayed higher than we had anticipated a while back. That all goes into our future trend selects when we are doing our pricing indications. We've obviously dialed those up recently, and that's where we've arrived at the conclusion that we need to get more aggressive on rate.
John Sauerland: So each quarter we're providing you versus the previous period change in severity there. So we normally provide you the quarter and the year-to-date. And so right now, we're up 15% versus previous quarter for property damage. So you mentioned physical damage. Property damages the third-party coverage for fixing cars.
John Sauerland: And just for those unfamiliar with our nomenclature, Wrights are homeowners who don't bundle with us. So Robinsons as well known, I think, by this audience. Wrights are homeowners who have their auto insurance, perhaps some other products with this as well. And that's where we've actually grown the fastest. And in the agency channel, especially where we are limited to our -- what we think of as our manufacturer or underwritten property product, Progressive Home, we have been pulling back in a number of markets to revise our geographic footprint. And it's encouraging to see that we are still growing with home-owning households, even though in a lot of markets where we're restricting the property piece of that portfolio. So we're still growing in Robinsons as well as Pat pointed out. And Diane's are what we think of as renters who are stable in their insuring habits. So growing more in the more stable sectors and growing homeowners considerably even without the bundle, which is also encouraging to see.
John Sauerland: I was just going to say, over time, we have been very well served, analyzing the data very expeditiously and taking action as we see changes. So as Tricia mentioned, if things don't play out in terms of loss trend as we are expecting, we can always pull back. We can always even take rates down. I would be surprised if we do that, but we can certainly pull back. But continually, we find we are way better off looking at the data every single month. And to the extent we think things have changed taking action expeditiously.
Patrick Callahan: Yes, just a little other color commentary on Q1's growth. So half of the incredible new business growth we had was from conversion improvements. And in the agency channel, it's more like 3/4. So when you talk about how competitive our prices are on the street, that's a pretty good indication that even with some media pullback, we will continue to have strong competitive rates and with higher levels of ambient shopping, feel pretty good about continuing to grow the business.
Patrick Callahan: Yes, that's right. From an app perspective, we saw positive growth in the quarter for new apps across all segments. And our fastest growth was really in the Wright and Robinsons and Diane's also grew. So Sam's grew just a little slower, but they grew as well. From a PIF perspective, we also saw positive growth across all segments during the quarter. So faster in the segments that are not Sam's, but...
Patrick Callahan: Yes. The only thing I would add is -- the only thing I would add on the mix of business that we're getting in the quality is to the contrary, we feel very good about the quality of business we put on during fourth quarter and first quarter. We're constantly paranoid. We always watch and we look closely to ensure that the mix that's being shed by our competitors as they transfer market share to us, we watch closely, and we are seeing clean business. We're seeing homeowner business, as John mentioned, long prior insurance periods, multi-car. So it's exactly the business that we intend to grow with, and we're pretty happy with what we're seeing contrary to any adverse selection.
