Glenn M. Renwick: Sure, I'll let Brian take that. But recognize that if we had any significant statement to make, we would have made it in our release. These things that we study, I certainly understand the question. I don't think there's any issues there. To the extent that we have anything to release, we will discuss that with our board in December. But there's really no specifics. Brian can maybe comment a little bit on share repurchase and any other things relative to the dividend, but we have no statement today.
Glenn M. Renwick: I assume I know who you're referencing there, and I think that's probably way too early to totally speculate on it. And I don't mean to dodge the question. Do I expect others to reduce their cost structure? I would we've been very clear in including it at our IR meeting of the importance we place on cost structure. And to us, what we believe is a fairly direct correlation between low cost and some of the results we've been able to achieve. So it won't surprise me if we see others take actions that suit their needs, whether that be commission or otherwise. And I understand relative to certain segments of the market, others will get competitive or even more competitive over time. We are always looking to do that. I think I put in my shareholders letter that, sort of, product design, we don't talk about product design quite as discreetly as maybe others because we're always doing product designs. And at any given point in time, we have rollouts of different degrees of product enhancements, and thus, we are working actively. I even gave you some indication of the things that we'll be in, the ones that we're working on right now. So at any given point in time, we're very dynamic. We're trying to work on rate. And if there is rate opportunities in the marketplace that others see, there's a good chance that we have seen them as well. So it's very hard to sort of just go -- yes, one will be X result versus Y result. I think we'll be extremely competitive. And some of the books that are out there that perhaps are not as well priced are always great opportunities for us. So not a particularly insightful answer to your question because there's really no way to give anything more color at this point in time. That may or may not be a strong player in the marketplace. I think we will continue to be a very strong player in the agency marketplace, especially.
Glenn M. Renwick: Again, always hard to sort of predict exactly on one-for-one. But our demand, I think I've been pretty clear that demand has actually been picking up all year for us. So I'm focusing on the direct side here. Our advertising seems to be working. It seems to be bringing not only good numbers, but good mix of customers. What's really happened, and I highlighted this in the letter is that, that's turning into solid conversions. So on our size and the percentage that we're getting, we're actually very, very comfortable with our growth. I've said before, between GEICO and ourselves, we capture a very significant part of the new market, the new business marketplace, somewhere over 50% of that. So I think that, on absolute numbers, we are in a very good position to see, not only the growth that we're experiencing, but the absolute numbers that are coming in. Do I expect others to compete and increase their intensity from time to time? Yes, absolutely.
Glenn M. Renwick: Fair comment. Test Drive was very much designed to do pretty much what you're describing. I would tell you, while very personally hoping Test Drive would be a great opportunity for us to reach out to a different set of customers and not have to have them commit. For the most part, those numbers have proven to be relatively small. And as a result, we will continue to try things. But in the spirit of Progressive, some things we try work really well and some things don't work as well as we expected. I would tell you Test Drive has not produced the numbers that we might have liked. Doesn't make it bad, just means that it's not something I talk about as much when we're talking about Snapshot.
Glenn M. Renwick: Hey, Josh, you're right. Some of the companies that we're doing business with, it's not a lot, as I told you before, for right now prefer that we don't use their name, but we did a release with USAA. So it gives you some sort of flavor. These are companies that are very credible. And when they bring their product to marketplace in '14 -- or '15, excuse me, or whenever, then we'll know more about it. So we pretty much told you the terms of the licensing arrangement. We don't get into exactly what they plan to do and what they don't plan to do and other licenses that they have. So other than what I've really said, there's not much more to add there. This may be just totally editorial, but this is perhaps a little bit of just a personal view. When we talk about severity trends in BI, at any time that you run below 5%, that always has my attention, I just sort of -- historically, sort of that's my threshold point. I would just say that as an industry, and certainly, for Progressive, we are all looking at what might be -- might turn out to be one of the biggest exogenous changes in terms of the Accountable Care Act and how that ultimately forces price changes and so on and so forth. So just as all of us are interested in observing the industry, you and us alike, we don't necessarily know what that will bring. But don't be surprised if severity changes are a little bit variable for the next few years as we sort of see how that settles out. And it won't surprise me at all to see things that go from relatively low to a little bit higher and back. I might be wrong on that, but something that we will have our eye on and recognize that, that clearly has some implications to reservings of claims that are not yet paid or influenced by that. But certainly, on a going-forward basis, the incurreds could be interesting. So just keep that in mind as you observe the industry in general that, that might be a significant driver that we haven't seen before.
Glenn M. Renwick: Yes, I think that's a fair characterization. I think I would be awkward if it was the next quarter, first quarter of next year, when we have this call if I can't sort of report that the renewals are now showing the sort of same trend. I'm not necessarily suggesting double digits. But as we start to see our primary measure, a measure that we have as a primary measure, we have lots of subscore supporting measures. Our policy life expectancy is a lag measure. So it just takes a while for that one to turn. Clearly, we look at other measures that are a little bit more of an acceleration vector. So right now, I feel much more confident in what I can see and report as absolute higher data, which is what I did with regard to the new business, and then gave both a very clear indication. So I think, for gross purposes, 20% business is new, 80% is renewal. So this really needs to flow through to renewal. There's no logical reason why it won't. But I'd like to see that before starting to report on it. My commentary was this is where it must come to roost, and we are starting to see the signs that would make that a true statement. I would tell you, and I can't necessarily explain it with perfect detail, that it's just a little slower than I would have projected. But we're starting to see our renewal rates now head in the right direction. And the other measure that we use somewhat as an earlier proxy, our NPS measures, and those of recent times have started to head up in both channels. So fourth quarter if, as expected, that flows through to renewals, then we'll be in very good shape.
Glenn M. Renwick: Two thoughts there. One would be an idea that I tried to express in the letter, that our rate, when we take it, we're always taking estimates of future rate. And it turns out that perhaps our loss cost did not go up as fast as we had expected, which makes the competitive point of a rate revision. So think of a rate revision lasting, just not officially, let's just say a year, it's a little less competitive right after you've taken rate and somewhat more competitive at the expiry point of the rate revision. Well, the most competitive point is somewhere in the middle. That's a little hypothetical. Lots of things change around that. But we are now approaching sort of what I'll call that more competitive position. So our conversion rate, the demand has actually been very strong. What we're seeing is, as we move through the life of a rate revision and recognize we're talking here about many hundreds of rate revisions, not one, so it's hard to characterize, but we'll keep it simple, that we're in more of a sweet spot of the rate revision. A second reason that we're getting it is, I also referenced in the letter, we have not done this in wholesale. But in some cases, where those estimates were off sufficiently, then the product manager has actually taken actions to adjust. And Florida is an important state for us. It's our largest state, and we've actually taken rate adjustments in Florida. But it all turned out, as far as we can see right now, to be exactly the right type of adjustments. And those have resulted in a good new business flow for us in the state of Florida, which is an important one. So both the overall competitiveness in most states and a little bit more direct action in some states.
Glenn M. Renwick: A lot of thoughts and sort of be irresponsible not to have thoughts. Unfortunately, sometimes, thoughts and knowledge or certainty are different. So we covered a fair amount of that in the IR meeting. But primarily, to try to give some sense of -- essentially, it sounds like similar to what you're doing, where the technology actually exists and then ultimately how it gets into the fleet. There is another level of thinking going on that suggests, and I'm not going to go into it in great detail, what might be insurable interest going forward in a different world. All of us are very familiar with many other industries, whether it will be film and digital photography. The fact is the world takes a lot more photographs today than they ever did, just you had to figure out what was important in that transition. So we're always looking to see what's important. I would tell you that purely, on a personal basis, I am very excited, not just about Snapshot for what it is and what we all have some knowledge of, but it gives us some very direct insight to the vehicle in gross terms. If today, the driver is the biggest single issue of quality defects in driving, accidents happen, there's quality defects, the driver is largely responsible for those. Knowing what's going on in the vehicle is an important aspect. And our telemetry and knowing that gives us opportunities to think about things differently, what might be insurable interest. There'll be a lot of technology in the car. Some of it will be plug-compatible replacement. Some will have dual fault-tolerant dual processing and so on and so forth. There's all sorts of things in there that might come about that represent insurable opportunities going forward. Those are appropriately somewhat blue sky. But as that sky gets clearer and clearer, I'm not sure that I think it will be exactly with anybody else's estimated time frame. But we're not in the business of necessarily worrying about whether we hit that on the nail or not, we'll just continue to refine estimates over time. But along with those estimates, we'll also be starting to ask, what does an insurer look like in the future? And I suspect that's a lot more to do with information that comes from the car than the classical segmentation with regard to characteristics of the driver.
Glenn M. Renwick: Well, it's certainly in the mix. I don't have that broken out. I'm not trying to avoid the question, just don't have it broken out that way. I'd also tell you that Snapshot customers are primarily sort of, or at least have historically been more new customers. So there is -- to the extent that we ever experienced a significant lengthening of PLE, our measures will ultimately have to experience that before we sort of incorporate it in. So to a prior question, I said we really don't have a lot of 5- and 6-year customers. It may be that we are under it, it may be, want to stress those words, that we're underestimating PLE on Snapshot customers. Any time you take on a very different mix, i.e. a customer who has a discount that wasn't previously available to them, we will only be able to experience what we experience. We won't know necessarily what the long-term state of that is. So I hear your question. I understand, and it is affecting PLE. But the effect is probably not as great as you think right now. Will it get greater over time? We may consider breaking that out a little bit. But I will tell you that it's certainly an encouraging vector for the change of PLE over time. The other thing with PLEs is, recognize the ones that we talk about are not necessarily mix adjusted. So we can talk about the PLE for certain classes of customers. We're not going to do that. But it really does require a little bit more of a diagnostic into the PLE to see what type of customers we're getting. Obviously, our non-standing customers are not producing a lot of extension of PLE, but we're very happy to have them, as long as they're paying their full freight in terms of loss costs. Other types of customers, our multiproduct customers, those that are getting a homeowner or those that are getting a Snapshot, are absolutely showing the changed dimension that we think we can incorporate into our overall PLE. And having said all of that, we are perfectly happy to have some short-term PLE customers, as long as they are ultimately profitable customers for us. So it would be a little bit more of a 'maybe we'll do it at a future IR meeting,' but we really need to break the PLE down to considerably smaller segments to be able to see the change. In the macro, you may not see the change as readily.
Glenn M. Renwick: Expectancy is an estimate based on renewal events. So we -- it's not our -- we just don't make a priority estimate. It is based on the observable events of renewal at a 7 month, 6 month renewal. 7th - are they here at the 7th month after the 6th month. So we didn't go in with an artificial or -- we think these customers will last x long and therefore, price them to that. We are actually doing it on loss cost improvements, on Snapshot, not necessarily PLE. As the PLE is measurable, we will incorporate that in.
Glenn M. Renwick: Nothing that is overly specific to those characteristics. Again, at our most recent IR meeting, we talked a little bit about the different characteristics of those younger drivers. You're correct. They're getting licensed later in life, so on and so forth, which actually has some benefits from a loss cost perspective. We're very, very focused on understanding millenniums and what their characteristics might be and the media that they are responding to. So yes, it sort of permeates our thinking, but there's no specific product that we're planning to come out with at this point in time that is focused on that group specifically.
Brian C. Domeck: Sure. I continue to characterize our capital position as strong. We ended the end of the third quarter with $8.8 billion of capital, that's including both debt and equity. Ended October with closer to $8.9 billion of capital, and that includes the retirement of $150 million of debt during the month. So even in a month where we retired $150 million of debt, we had over $200 million of comprehensive income. So strong month in October. Certainly, for the year, our capital creation has been strong with comprehensive income of over $1 billion so far. I would characterize third quarter capital management activity as pretty modest. We did repurchase $54 million of our debt securities. Share repurchases in the quarter were pretty modest, 1.5 million shares, about $38 million worth of shares. So far this year, about $165 million year-to-date. So given all of that, our capital creation for the year has been pretty strong. We've mentioned that we do have the variable dividend that will be payable in late January, early February. If we were to quantify that, just using through October's results, that variable dividend would be about $0.43 a share or about $260 million, approximately those numbers. Obviously, that will change based upon the results of the next 2 months. So we have that as an upcoming activity. But currently, our capital position is strong. And certainly, we always want enough for operations and to grow the business. We feel comfortable with that. We always want enough for contingencies, and it looks like we have escaped an active hurricane season for this year. So we're beyond that. So it gives us more confidence in our capital position. And I think, as Glenn mentioned, we continue to remain committed to what we say, is that we will return under-leveraged capital on the timing of it and the form. It's always under discussion to be determined. But in terms of consideration of a special dividend, yes. In terms of what we will do, more to follow.
Brian C. Domeck: Well, we would only announce it and talk about it after it has been considered by our capital investment committee and the full board. So it's only after discussions amongst them that we'd ever comment on it or make note of it. So it could be about the timing of when or if anything would occur.
Brian C. Domeck: Yes, I'm not entirely [ph] referencing the comments in July, but I'll try to lay a color of where our development has been so far through third quarter, and then again, after the October results. So at the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $80 million of unfavorable development. Call it, approximately 50% in Personal Lines, primarily in Personal Auto, and then another 40% or so in the Commercial Lines products, and then some unfavorable development in our runoff of the professional liability group business that we sold several years back. So the $80 million was fairly comparable to what we had at the end of this first half of the year. So development in the third quarter is actually fairly modest, slightly favorable, if I remember it right. Just a few million favorable for a third quarter. So the third quarter activity in terms of the development pattern was better than, say, we had in the first half of the year. Then in October, we've had favorable development, much of it from actuarial reserve changes in terms of reviews that were done during the course of the month, such that now, at the -- through October, we have roughly $40 million of unfavorable development through 10 months of the year. After the October change, Personal Auto is relatively flat in terms of development for the year. We still have Commercial Lines having some unfavorable development, primarily in our higher limits bodily injury severities where we've had increase in frequency and severity, particularly on the IBNR on that. We still had a runoff in the professional liability group business. That hasn't changed much. But actually, as of October now, Personal Auto was relatively flat in terms of development. A little bit of difference between the channels. Agency has had some unfavorable development, whereas direct auto has had some favorable development, and that really some of the [ph] basis for the reserve changes in the month of October.
Brian C. Domeck: Sure, Josh. This is Brian. I'll provide sort of the color on the actual severities that we're seeing. And I characterize severity trends as modestly positive. So in the property damage covers, call it 2% to 4%, and collision more in the 4% to 5%. So property coverage is a little bit higher. Our bodily injury incurred severity, so this would also include reserve changes, is in the 1% to 2% range. And then PIF severity is actually minus 4%. In the PIF severity, obviously, we weren't necessarily projecting a decrease in severity in PIF. Much of that is driven by Florida, maybe some due to the new regulations. And also, in New York, we're seeing a decrease in severity in New York. So those 2 drivers drive the PIF severity. And we certainly were not necessarily in pricing or anything else, pricing for a negative PIF severity. And I would also characterize our estimate of future bodily injury severities was -- particularly when booking reserves and the like was probably -- is greater than 1% to 2% that we've actually experienced so far this year. And that's how I characterize it, principally driven by a little bit lower on BI. And certainly, a negative severity in PIF isn't what we had anticipated. Gary, do you want to add anything to that? Gary Traicoff, our actuary, is here.
Brian C. Domeck: Yes, the paid severity for BI, and think of BI being the coverage where more of the reserve changes factor in, our paid severities are in the 3% to 4% range for BI year-over-year.
Brian C. Domeck: The other thing I'd add to that is in terms of, say absolute renewal application counts, they're somewhat a function of the policies in force, call it, 6 months earlier, right? 6-month policy term. And so if you were to look particularly, say, at Agency where our policies in force 6 months ago were close to 0 or slightly negative, then how many renewal apps you're going to have on a year-over-year basis is somewhat a function of that, pending changes in retention rates and renewal rates. So as our policy in force growth year-over-year was declining, more so in Agency but also in Direct, the absolute growth rates in renewal apps just follows that. Now as we are starting to see some sequential increases in policy force growth year-over-year, that's when we anticipate that 6 months further down the road, we'll start seeing renewal app growth higher and you'll see it. Since our Direct policy in force growth rate is now over 4%, you should see it in the renewal application, absolute counts, growth rates in Direct more than you will in the Agency.
Brian C. Domeck: It's not really a function of the new business. I think, for the most part, the decrease in PLE that we have experienced throughout this year is really a function of the rate changes we had made towards the end of last year, which adversely affected retention rates. So that was -- has been what the driver of the decrease in PLE is. And I think Glenn mentioned in his answer to a previous question in terms of the calculations of the PLE, some of it can be a lag measure. And what we are focusing in more and more on our current renewal rates, which we're starting to see increase on a year-over-year basis. But I would say most of the PLE decrease that we experience and comment on is more a function of a rate change as opposed to a mix change.
Brian C. Domeck: The other point I'd make is in the direct channel. In the first half of the year, our advertising spend was basically on par with the first half of 2012. But on a year-over-year basis, our advertising spend in the third quarter and continuing in the fourth quarter is very much greater than what it was in the last half of last year. Because last year, given some of the profit concerns, we actually reduced some of our advertising spend from anticipated levels. Now given the demand that we're seeing, the conversion and the yield, our advertising spend is significantly higher than a year ago, which is aiding the quoting activity and demand in the direct channel. As to where it's coming from, we actually do have the data in terms of who their prior carriers are. I don't have it here with me. But we can follow up on that one for you. Maybe talk about it at the next conference call.
Michael Kovac: And if I could, just a couple follow-ups on Snapshot here. Many of your Snapshot customers have now gone through multiple renewals. What kind of retention data are you learning about this business? I think you talked about -- a little bit about that in the past. And second, of the now over 1.2 million Snapshot customers that you have, what percent of those are sort of new to Progressive? And I know you're finding that your rates for the non-Snapshot customers that you have today are competitive before any UBI-related discounts.
Michael Kovac: Great. The last one was just, are you finding that your -- the non-Snapshot rate that you're offering today is competitive? So when customers are basically not opting, what does it look like for you.
Michael Kovac: Yes. So there's not as much -- so you're not seeing really -- I thought there was a Test Drive in there a little bit, too, where people could potentially get the rate before they sign up as well. So just in terms of what most of your customers are basically, you're saying, getting a rate and then using it.
