Tricia Griffith: Yes. Mike, I think you’re thinking about it in the right way. A couple caveats. When we report frequency, we report incurred in a lot of our competitors report paid, but we’ve been seeing this trend more negative in the industry for a while. We can’t speculate on a lot of things. Obviously, segmentation is a big piece, we believe. We also believe that mix of business could play a role and that could be mix in states or mix overall from a preferred perspective. We talked in the fourth quarter and in my letter about growth across all of our segments that we started to see increase in Q4. We have seen growth again across all segments, but higher in the Diane’s Wrights and Robinsons. Again, we still see it in Sam’s, but it’s higher, so it could be mix as well. The good news is that we see this data change quickly. So, if we need to change anything we’re doing from a pricing perspective, we’ll see it pretty quickly.
Tricia Griffith: Thanks, David. I will tell you I feel a lot more bullish than I felt about four or five months ago. We went through reacting to severity trends that frankly we’ve never seen before. I can’t predict what PIF growth will be because we -- there’s a lot of environmental things going on, and what I’ve learned over the last three years is to anticipate that there’s going to be things that we haven’t prepared for, whether it’s the used car prices, inflation, frequency, driving behavior, pandemic. That said, I believe we’re in a really great position as we sit. So, we said, we were going to start to take rate. I think, we foreshadowed that late ‘21. It took some time into 2022 to obviously start to earn into the book. We do feel good, but we’re always watching what’s happening and there’s been kind of an ever-evolving changing. So on the private passenger auto side, as you know, we took 13.5 points last year. We still have about 3 points of that to earn in, in this calendar year. And just for some color, we took 1.5 points in January. So, we continue to look at trends, and the future -- and the future trends and the rate need -- that we need now to match rate to risk. But that said, and John Sauerland added this on to the first question from Mike and that is what --we’re in such a good position now because we have -- there’s a lot of shopping out there, a lot of prospects out there because our competitors have been now raising rates. So, they’re catching up just and sometimes exceeding us. But we’re in just a different position, because we got out in front of it. So, there’s a lot of shopping, a lot of ambient shopping, which is really efficient for us. And what happens with what both Jim and Cory talked about, as well as other variables, we believe we have superior segmentation. So, we’re going to grab onto as many customers and obviously keep as many customers as we can for as long as we can. However, this timeframe in this hard market lasts, and of course that segmentation and the adverse selection flywheel works in our favor because of our many, many decades of investing in things like segmentation, competitive prices, our brand, et cetera. So, while I can’t foreshadow what our PIF growth is going to be, we are going to do everything we can to follow our longstanding goal of growing as fast as we possibly can at our 96 combined ratio and making sure we can take care of our customers.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean, I think from a cost perspective, obviously continuous is a little bit more expensive, but those costs have gone down over the years. But I think, what we’re excited about and what Jim talked about -- the excitement about is the services that we’re going to provide especially in some of the claims examples. So, we will continue to evolve like we have since 1996 with our UBI products. And we believe that we’ll continue to enhance our ability to out segment our competitors. What that means from the exact amount, we don’t know yet, but we’ll continue to monitor and I’m sure ever so often we’ll update you on where we’re at with our UBI offerings.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. You know, I’ve been thinking about that a lot because in times where we have high growth, we often talk about the new business penalty. And as I’m thinking about it, penalties from my perspective are something that is done to you because maybe you did something wrong. As an example, Sunday, I was watching our youngest son play Lacrosse. He got a penalty for slashing. He knew it. He was emotional. He did it. He took a knee. We’re a little bit different because the things that we do and the amount that we pay is all controllable. As you witnessed when we pulled back on media and did some other things to make sure we reached our 96. So, from my perspective, what we are paying, so you’ll -- you saw the increase in January and our expense ratio specifically on the direct side because we front load our acquisition costs there. It’s really an investment in our future. It’s an investment for our owners, investment for our customers. So, it’s something that we’re excited to do in terms of how we manage the business? And again, we have the caveats with our ceiling of an aggregate, all business lines, 96 combined ratio. So it’s hard to compare from the past where we’ll go. But we know that this has been a really volatile environment and we have the levers to pull back should we need to and throttle forward should we need to. So, can’t tell you the exact amount. I will tell you that we’re pretty excited about the position we are in right now. And again, we’re Progressive. So, we’re never going to be cocky and we’re always going to be really paranoid and we follow the data maniacally and talk about it all the time. But we are really excited about what we believe this hard market, however long it lasts, brings.
Tricia Griffith: I’ll add one last thing just because I think this is a subtle nuance, so really important. And Cory mentioned it a couple of times. When he’s thinking about telematics in his role, in his prior role and Commercial Lines, he’s talking to Jim and their team. He referred to his colleagues and learnings that they have. This is really common and very specific when you think about our strategic pillars. One is our people and our culture. Our culture is to go back and forth, whether it’s talent and rotational jobs, but understanding learnings from the first movers within the company. That is really key, and I think it’s really different because many of us -- I think Lori Niederst prior to her role when she prior to her role when she was in CHRO, she shared many years ago, the amount of depth in our leadership ranks because we think it’s really important for people to know many sides of the business. So although it’s subtle and it’s hard to measure, the way our culture is and the way our leaders work and the sharing of ideas and successes and opportunities is really important, especially in something like telematics.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think that’s just too new. We’re just really dipping into this. We’ll probably have more on that in 18 to 24 months. Again, it’s something that we’re interested in. We’ve always been since probably 30 years ago want to make sure that we’re there for our customers and their greatest time of need. So, our -- the biggest thing that we want to do there is to help our customers get help when they need it. And if we can use the data from the impact to start the claim going and get them back into the position they were before the accident, give them that peace of mind. That’s pretty important. And that could relate to a lot of great benefits in terms of retention, et cetera. But again, way too soon to be able to share much on that and we’ll probably have more in a few years.
Tricia Griffith: From the new perspective, which is what we share externally, it’s higher in direct. Jim, correct me if I’m wrong, about 15% in the agency channel. A little bit lower? Okay. A little bit lower in the agency channel, and then more in the direct. We offer it to everyone in the direct channel coming in. And obviously, we work with over 40,000 independent agents. Some feel more comfortable making that offering. Not all do it, but we’ve seen an increase since 2019, which makes sense. And it’s a perfect fix if you believe that you drive safely and maybe you’re driving less often for new business across the board as other inflationary pressures hit consumers.
Tricia Griffith: We will just continue to watch it. That’s why I wanted to give you a little bit of insight in January taking 1.5 points. What we know is that we closely monitor a lot of these trends. And I mentioned a bunch of them. It’s been such a volatile several years that we look at our internal data, UBI data, macroeconomic trends, all I can tell you is that we will be able to react quickly and that’s sort of embedded in everything that we’ve done in the last 85 years. So, when we start to see those or see those trends and experience those trends, we’ll react quickly. And that’s why we feel like we’re in a good position because we were able to react quickly to the severity trends that we started to see in late 2021 and why we’re sitting in the position -- the enviable position we’re in now, to be able to profitably grow.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. And we actually did. It was in, I think 2021, maybe or 2022. I’m not sure exactly when we did, but we actually sent out material to our current customers, when trends started to change to make sure that they had that offering. And we had a small group except that. But yes, we want to be able to provide that if it makes sense for each driver. But it’s normally a new business.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we want to be competitive and we want to price to future loss trends. So, we continue to look at that and we will increase rates, should we see severity or frequency trends change, and that’s why I did give that data point in January. So we will stay on top of trends and we will continue to grow. And like John said, we haven’t opened up our aperture in terms of not looking at things that are important from our underwriting perspective. So we still have more leverage from that perspective. But now to -- for me, it is all about using the data and pricing accurately as quickly as possible to match each rate to risk.
Tricia Griffith: We know that our customers and I think most consumers with insurance want stable rates. And so we want to be able to have, if possible, even in this kind of volatile environment what we call, small bites of the apple, to not have to increase rates like we had to in 2022 to stay ahead of trends. We also have very many offerings. So, we have whether it is in our Progressive Advantage Agency for we have a stable carrier of home, unaffiliated partners we work with to have more and more of those bundles, Wrights and Robinsons, we will continue to do that. And we really seek long-term to be sort of the destination company. And so whether it’s on our paper or not, we think of that in terms of our pillar of being where, when and how our customers want to shop and buy, so broad coverage. So, on the Personal Lines side, we sell other people’s home, company when it doesn’t necessarily say where we’re going to go. On the Commercial Lines side, we also use our product as well as others for a small business, workers’ comp, GL, et cetera. So, it really is about following the customer and the more we’re able to offer them, even with the Progressive Advantage Agency where it’s -- we work with a lot of different partners ranging from life insurance to travel insurance to jewelry insurance, the more that the customers have and the more that we’ve earned their trust, the longer they stay. So, retention continues to be the holy grail. We’re seeing positive improvement. We’ll continue to report on that as the quarters unfold, but we do know two parts of retention are really about having stable rates and having great service.
Tricia Griffith: No. We focus across the board. They’re a little bit different in terms of control. So, an agent can decide if they want to shop it on behalf of the consumer, but they’re looking at the same thing as consumers are. And that’s making sure that our mutual customers have stable rates with a company with a great brand and great service. But our goal is to extend PLEs across every segment individually and in the aggregate.
Tricia Griffith: Thanks. Not substantially. Yes. I mean, we’re still learning a lot and the integration’s going really well, and it was really something that was additive to what we were growing from our small fleet. So, we continue to be excited about the acquisition of Protective and will continue. And I’ve met a couple times with Mike Miller, who’s running Protective. He came from the commercial line side and is now running that. So he’ll be excited to have his growth plan in play. We’ve been focusing in the last year, so really on integrating the company within Progressive at large.
Tricia Griffith: We’d love to be in California. That’s kind of a history from a lot of the proposition 103, things that came up many, many decades ago. We want to grow in California. We talked about that a lot. It’s the most populous state. But in the meantime, we will continue to work with the department to get the rates that we need to make sure that we reach our target profit margins.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So, I mean, we absolutely do a budget, but then ongoing, we assess it based on the efficiency of the spend. We look at our targeted acquisition cost, our cost per sale and then -- and kind of where we’re getting the business from. So I talked a little bit about ambient shopping, which, of course, is really efficient. We’re in a little bit more of that position now. But, what we will do is as the year progresses, we will continually assess what we need to do to spend more if we believe it’s efficient or pull back if we believe we’re butting up against our 96 ceiling. And those are conversations that happen continuously. Some things we -- to get sort of advanced discounts we pay for upfront. So those are kind of -- those spend. But we have a lot of flexibility, especially on the digital side to bolt back should we need to, like you saw in the last year. So, we have a budget, it’s fluid. And over the years, it can go up or down depending on what we believe is in the best interest of profitably growing the Company.
Tricia Griffith: At this point in time, it could be higher. I mean things changed. So, it was higher last year. If you would have asked me this last January, I said it would be higher than the year before, but it didn’t end up being that because we had to make some flexibility. So, we budget for what we think can happen with a lot of flexibility.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, absolutely. We have Brandon [ph] here who runs our reinsurance organization. So, I’ll have him weigh in.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I would just say it’s one of the things that new business when you’re asking for a bunch of data to kind of assess the rate to risk. When I talked about the current customers, we were doing that in 2020 because we knew people were struggling with their finances. Everything was going up from groceries to et cetera. So we did sort of a marketing campaign and just most people didn’t do it. I think you get sort of -- just like anything, whether it’s life insurance or health insurance you sort of make that decision and then you stick with it. It’s something you don’t necessarily want to do again. So, it’s just easier to do a new business when we’re acquiring all the information we need for an accurate rate.
John Sauerland: I’d add a couple items on that. So I think Jim Haas’ slide where he showed the retention of customers who are getting a surcharge versus a discount is a great case in point of segmentation at work. So the folks who are getting a surcharge, all else equal, are going to be the higher frequency drivers and the folks who are getting a discount are the lower frequency. And obviously in the marketplace, as that continues to play out, that will help drive our frequency more favorable than our competitors. Additionally, we’ve talked about underwriting efforts we put in place as we were challenged by profitability. We’ve raised rates considerably as we’ve shared. I will note though that we have retained our underwriting restrictions fairly tight. So, we’ve been able to manage that in this very competitive environment to a point where we are able to maintain the underwriting restrictions, which generally speaking are pushing off the higher frequency customers and able to raise rates at the same time. So, I think we are in a pretty good place, both from the rate level perspective but also continuing to guard against segments that might be underpriced.
John Sauerland: I’ll just add. So, over the history of the personal auto, evolution in telematics, early on, we weren’t pricing to the full curve. So, we understood that a lot of people should be receiving surcharges, and some people should be receiving bigger discounts. Because we were at the forefront and we are seeking consumer adoption, we didn’t price to that full curve. I think we are now very close to or almost completely pricing to that curve with the data we have today. However, as Jim was sharing, we can continue to advance the science, continue to pull additional data elements that can continue to have us leading the pack. So, our segmentation game is never ending. We are always trying to continue to advance, to find additional data to use that can keep us with a gap between us and the competition. And as Cory mentioned in the prepared comments with the slides, Commercial Lines is at an earlier stage similar to where Personal Lines was. We still have a significant loss ratio benefit in aggregate for telematics and Commercial Lines, which means, we have further pricing options that we can play as competitors come to market with their offering. So, I think we are in a great place from a telematics standpoint. We are not at all at the end of the journey. We are going to continue to evolve and continue to advance our competitive advantage, when it comes to pricing and telematics.
John Sauerland: I’d just add that. So in the direct channel, the take rate is substantially higher than in the agency channel. It also offers that in the commercial space the demand through the agency channel is very robust. So, we’re talking about, especially with Smart Haul, which is generally larger trucks that have higher average insurance costs, the benefit of enrolling in a program like this is substantial. So, agents and consumers or business owners in this case are way more likely to select that as an option and as Cory said is highly predictive in that channel as well.
John Sauerland: Yes. That was when we saw COVID driving down materially and made an offer to our existing customers to save through Snapshot and not many took us up on that offer. So it’s open and available. Customers can do it. They just haven’t taken us up on it significantly.
John Sauerland: As Tricia was saying, Tracy, we’re continuing to broaden the offerings to our consumers. So, you talked about multi-product households as Tricia was implying those households stay with us a lot longer than single-product households and much longer than our historical core customer of Sam, who we call the inconsistently insured customer. So, our book does continue to shift more towards the Robinson end of the spectrum which is actually the longer retaining end of the spectrum. We have, as Tricia also noted, seen a setback as we’ve had to raise rates aggressively. That is coming back. Our PLEs are starting to trend positively at least on the trailing 3 metric. And the trailing 12 is not yet fully turned, but certainly the trailing 3 is the leading indicator of the trailing 12. So, we are definitely focusing on more multi-product households as we roll out new products in the personal auto space. Increasingly, we find segmentation that can make us more competitive for those preferred customers. Our book continues to shift that way. And as we get to a more stable rating environment, I think you’ll see our PLEs continue to grow as they have been before we had to take a lot of rate.
John Sauerland: Sure. Josh, we do provide you year to date numbers through the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So, if you just assume an equal weighting, you can come to a number, but we also in the presentation showed you actual charts of those. So, you can’t see exactly what the number is, but you come pretty darn close by looking at those charts. So, the short story is conversion was up considerably in the fourth quarter. Prospects were up considerably in the fourth quarter, and obviously new apps as a consequence were up a lot.
John Sauerland: A couple of adds there. So it’s -- I would characterize it as dynamic and opportunistic. So, to the extent we feel we’re adequately priced, we’re going to spend a lot more on advertising. Again, with as Tricia said, an eye towards our targeted acquisition cost that we priced into the product and our lifetime economics on those policies. But, if you look at our expense ratio, especially our direct expense ratio for January, as an example, you can see it was up. So, clearly, through the latter part of last year as we were working hard to ensure we hit our 96 combined ratio for the year, you saw that expense ratio drop which was driven to a large degree by lower advertising costs. In January, you saw that pop back up, which is a great indicator that we’re spending more on advertising right now.
Jim Haas: Sure. Mike, you are right. We obviously pay for the data eventually goes to the automakers, is a way for them to monetize that. They are putting all those hardware in the car that costs money. This is a way for them to get some return on that. Some OEMs are going to want to get an insurance, as we’ve seen, some might not. And so this is a different way for them to get value-add out of that data from us.
Jim Haas: Personal Lines side, yes, there is certainly more activity in UBI than there was 10 years ago, let’s say. We are just continuing to move our pricing forward, price more aggressively, take more advantage of that regardless of what anybody else is doing. We want to price as accurately as we can, and get as many people into that program as we can.
Jim Haas: Sure. You’re right. Cambridge Mobile is our partner. We’ve had a great relationship with them. They provide the data collection mechanism that gets embedded in the app. And so, we do get that data from them. And you’re right, most people use them in the industry. I think, what’s different is we own our own algorithm. We use that data the way we want to, and we’ve learned a lot over the years about how to make the most out of that data. And I think you mentioned like everybody can see that. That’s not actually true. Most -- in the entire industry, most algorithms for UBI are filed confidentially in the states. So, those are not shared with all of the competitors. So, we can’t see other companies’ algorithms, they can’t see ours. So, we think we can -- we’ve developed an advantage there, and we can maintain that. We also have an OBD device which we offer some of our customers pick, which gives us another source of data, which we think helps calibrate some of that as well.
Jim Haas: So when they opt into the program, it is -- there is only continuous. You don’t get to pick at that. Obviously, we can’t force them to continue to monitor forever. So, we’ve got sort of -- the program is designed around that and accommodates when people stop giving us data, if they do, but we certainly encourage them to continue to grow that data. The biggest discounts are available that way and the program’s design that we’d be monitoring continuously.
Jim Haas: Sure. Yes. Raised the participation discount, in part we’re going to continue as we’re asking customers to do more in that case, and we wanted to encourage them. And the participation discount creates a larger incentive for that. As for how it would relate if you ultimately got a surcharge on the renewal term, the participation discount is only for the first term. So it’s removed, when you get to the renewal. And so, a bad driver is now getting a larger surcharge and they’re getting a larger discount removed off the first term, which would get us priced more accurately on them in the subsequent terms, which is the goal. So, the participation discount is there to encourage people to participate, and then we just price as accurately as we can on the subsequent terms.
Jim Haas: Paul, you’re right. The customer is continuously monitoring and they’re driving changes dramatically, like because of a pandemic or something like that, the telematics rating on the renewal would pick that up over time. In terms of the effect of that, you have to just -- we just started to roll out continuous last year. For the first six months, it looks just like it did before, it’s not until the renewal that it changes, a lot of the states we elevated were towards the back half of the year. So they’re just coming up on their first renewal, so. And then you need to build up a bigger -- that will grow over time to be a bigger share of the in-force book. But right now, it’s still early days of that. So it will be a little while before that’s like a really effective mechanism for that. Plus, we would need to get the rate on all the people who aren’t in UBI, we would do that through traditional means.
Jim Haas: Typically, that’s sort of filing. We file the algorithm of the states confidentially and that’s typically how that would be done.
Jim Haas: Yes, you’re correct. The firm we’re talking about depends upon vehicles with the cellular connection as we’re referring to OEMs over the last several years have been investing in that. They’re in really different places depending on the OEM. Some are -- have had been there for a number of years, some are still working on it. So, it’s -- and it does take a while for the fleet to turn over. So, it’s very focused on a few OEMs and the most recent model years. But as we mentioned, we’ve got relationships with GM and Toyota, which are two of the larger ones. They’ve got more of an installed base. And we expect other -- almost every OEM is moving in this direction. So we expect that this population will grow over time.
Jim Haas: Adoption in the whole program overall has been up, and we’re happy with the adoption of both mobile and OEM. So we’re happy with both of those programs. We just offer different options to consumers depending on how they want to share that data. And so we’re just trying to get the biggest footprint we can and both have been increasing.
Jim Haas: Yes. Thank you, Ryan. It’s a good question. In this particular case, the way the crash detection algorithm works, it’s looking really for more severe accidents. It’s not trying to pick up fender benders. So, these are claims that we fully expect would have gotten reported either way. These aren’t small dollar claims, where somebody might just choose either not to repair or to handle it out of pocket. These are larger claims. So, we don’t think of it. We think we’ve gotten these claims anyway.
Jim Haas: So, on the first part of your question in terms of how -- what are the traditional variables and what it informs, the whole point of UBI that is incremental to all of that. So, if we could have seen that these variables without UBI, we’re inaccurate, we would have fixed it. UBI gives us new information about that customer that the traditional variables tend to let you segment further, not just live in the ZIP code or they have this credit score. But this person within that is different than the other person that otherwise looks the same. So, that’s the point, it’s improving the segmentation. In terms of the surcharge, the discount we give is a participation discount, which is just for signing up. And so, if they move from the discount surcharge, it’s simply because we’ve then gotten that driving data and continuous model, theoretically, people could move from one to the other. But in terms of why someone will get a surcharge, our model, as we kind of share on the website, it uses things like hard braking, how much you drive, when you drive variables like that. So folks who tend to get a surcharge drive more and drive -- have more hard brakes. This is a sign of how aggressively they’re driving. Those are typically some of the variables that figure into that.
Jim Haas: I think the UBI is kind of showing us it’s incremental to all of that. So the -- intentionally, we don’t want it to look that way. We want it to be -- if we knew the preferred customers were more likely to get the discount, we’d just give them a bigger discount in the first place. So, we try to use UBI to kind of sort out this preferred customer deserves an even bigger discount. This other preferred customer deserves maybe a surcharge. So, it’s really -- it’s segmenting beyond what we already have.
