Julia Hornack: Thank you, Leanne, and welcome all to our second quarter remote investor event. As we announced in May, our quarterly investor events will now begin with a 30-minute presentation and be broadcast via live webcast. Today’s presentation topic is vehicle technology and shared mobility’s influence on the auto insurance industry. The presentation will last approximately 30 minutes and be followed by Q&A with our CEO, Tricia Griffith; our CFO, John Sauerland; our guest speaker today, John Curtiss, our Personal Auto Product Development Leader; and Bill Cody, our Chief Investment Officer will also be joining us by phone. The event is scheduled to last 90 minutes. As always discussions in this event may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those discussed during the event. Additional information concerning those risks and uncertainties is available in our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K, where you will find discussions of the risk factors affecting our businesses, Safe Harbor statements related to forward-looking statements and other discussions of the risks, uncertainties and other challenges we face. These documents can be found via the investor page of our website, progressive.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you all our CEO, Tricia Griffith.
Julia Hornack: I’m going to take another question from the webcast. When you say the severity of claims has gone up long-term, how does that break out in terms of injury, medical versus the auto repair? Could we get more color on how these subcomponents drive severity? And I have a feeling I’m going to be stepping aside for Gary.
Julia Hornack: I’m going to take another question from the webcast. Does Progressive have a view on the ability/cost of retrofitting cars for safety-enhancing technologies such as auto braking or lane departure warning? Might the growth of retrofitting cars currently on the road change the pace at which these technologies penetrate the fleet and accelerate the downward trend of claims? And finally might Progressive or insurers encourage retrofitting via premium cost reductions? So we’re really talking about accelerating penetration rates potentially.
Julia Hornack: Another one from the webcast. Can you please comment on competition versus mutual insurers? They have a lower profit goal, it seems, and often write at an underwriting loss. As interest rates increase and net investment income improves do you believe they’ll get more competitive? And finally -- I’ll let you do that first and then I’ll ask the follow up.
Julia Hornack: I have one more question from the webcast. The question is, I’m going to reword it a little bit because I’ve had a moment to think about it. So the question is, where are you in penetration of preferred agents for homeowners, number today, opportunity over the next three years? I think what they are really getting at is the appointment of Platinum agents, how many we’ve actually appointed compared to maybe the potential number of preferred agents out in the market.
Julia Hornack: Great. Well, that would appear to have been our final question. So we look forward to seeing you all in November. And that concludes our event today. I’m going to hand it back over to Leanne for the closing scripts.
Tricia Griffith: I’m going to bring you back to this slide that we started with and that is really the opportunities in the overall P&C market. If you go to the pie underneath the $215 billion auto opportunity, we have about a $91 billion home opportunity, which of course is where we’ve made a lot of our investments. And that auto home bundle is really important to our customers and the retention of those customers. So we’re excited about the homeowners opportunity. It’s $91 billion, as I said. From the captive agency, independent agency and direct, if you go just primarily to the areas where we have the most access, the independent agent and the direct channel, that’s a $63 billion opportunity. So a lot of opportunity, we only have 1% of the property market. So together with that over $300 billion opportunity in the personal lines, we believe that we are very well situated to continue to grow. During the November session, the deep dive, we will talk to you about all things property so look forward to that. Underneath the Personal Lines, you see there’s a lot of opportunity, actually another $300 billion opportunity on the commercial side. We are already the number 1 writer of commercial auto and that we have less than 8%. So again, we still have a lot of room for growth in that area. And as I talked about before, there are other opportunities on the commercial side that we will be investing in and talking about at a future date that we are really excited about for that small business commercial owner. So overall, when you step back and you look at the entire P&C industry, it’s over a $0.5 trillion opportunity and we believe that we have the ability to really increase our share of the pie in every single one of those pie charts. And what we know from today and from what John talked about is that our industry is dynamic, it is going to continue to change. And that excites us. We love change and I think the companies that win are the companies that are nimble, that continue to tweak their models as things change and the companies that skate to where the puck is going. So we’re excited about what we can bring to the growth and what we can bring to the long-term growth and enduring business of Progressive.  So thank you for today. And we’re going to set up for Q&A, so just give us a few minutes.
Tricia Griffith: It’s definitely we’re changing our mix. So that is something that we’ve noticed and will continue, we believe as we write more and more preferred business. We also have some underwriting in terms of making sure that we get the right rate for each of our customers. Frequency, I talked about frequency during my presentation and that it has actually risen in the most recent timeframe. We’ve actually seen a little bit of a decrease in frequency in the last couple of quarters. And so we believe that is part of the reason for our expanded margins as well.
Tricia Griffith: We’ve been very clear about both our calendar year combined ratio goals as well as our lifetime combined ratio goals of 96. So we look at all of our products as an amalgam of how we want to be priced. So we will try to write as much business as we can. And we will write at -- not one is necessarily 96, we’ll write at different coverages as long as we are writing at or below our targets that we know to reach our goals. So obviously, we don’t make those public, but we will try to get the more preferred bundle long-term customers. But again, we won’t do that if we compromise our target margins. Leanne, can we take the next caller from the conference line please.
Tricia Griffith: Loss rate has been favorable. Again that’s a much more volatile coverage. And so as we saw last year, especially in the summer, that can be more volatile. So we believe we have the right amount of rates still to earn in, but we’re feeling good about the margins that we have now. And again, we like that because it really is more of a volatile business. But we feel good about our position right now.
Tricia Griffith: I can’t predict the future. And again it’s a volatile business. We think we have the right rates earning in and of course that earns in a little bit slower than our auto book because it’s a yearly basis. But we feel good. Again, we’re always cautious because it is more of a volatile business.
Tricia Griffith: We’re -- it depends, is the answer. So there is a big opportunity in those charts I showed in the Commercial Lines area. So John Barbagallo and I talk frequently about what’s the right thing to do for Progressive and our customers. And the odds are we’ll do a little bit of both. But when we feel like it can benefit and help with retention for our commercial auto customers, we won’t necessarily have to underwrite it. So we might do things differently, maybe not unlike we did on the auto side. So on the auto side, we have ASI and our agency brand and it’s the only home product we write and we underwrite that. And on our Direct Side we have 9 or 10 brands that we work with. The majority of them are unaffiliated and then we have under -- ASI as one of them. We will likely do the same and have been doing a little bit of that on the commercial side. So think of it almost as the commercial destination. So what makes most sense for us on the long term and when we feel like it’s more important for us to underwrite it, we absolutely will. But we also are very intrigued with working with more and more partners.
Tricia Griffith: We have been increasing our marketing spend. We want to do that carefully because we want to make sure a couple of things. One, is it incremental? So when you increase marketing, you don’t want to just increase it to increase, you want to have incremental sales. So, we look very closely at that when we increase our marketing spend. We have -- we did that in first quarter, we continue to increase our marketing spend in the second quarter. And we will continue that if we believe that it will produce incremental sales. And we look at that from, we have an acquisition cost we want for each customer, and as long as that cost per sale is lower than acquisition cost, and it’s incremental, we will increase our marketing, again as long as we’re under that 96. And we look for prices, we look at pricing across states, across DMA, et cetera and we lower prices when we believe it will bring in business and it follows the trend.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, Kai, we see -- it would be in the aggregate level, we see differences between state mix, channel mix, customer mix. And that’s how we really figure out how to set our targets for both new and renewal. So yes, we see differences.
Tricia Griffith: Well, remember and John said this, the amount of vehicles with this technology in the fleet is a very, very small percentage. So we watch this closely but you want to have enough data to be able to really understand it. And so we follow that data all the time. And as soon as we can correlate that with loss costs, we’ll be able to do that in both the channels and really every segment. But it’s still a pretty small part of the fleet.
Tricia Griffith: I’ll let you add to that with what – with the relationships you have, but I’ll start with the answer. Kai, we see these as partnerships. And some might be long term, some might be short term. But we’re working really well with a lot of the OEMs. And obviously the shared mobility. Just to understand the loss behavior, and it’s very different from an Uber driver to getting the data from OnStar.  So that to us is just something that we’ll continue to invest in. We know insurance and we know segmentation and we know pricing. And that is really something that we’ve had as part of our signature talent for 80 years. And so we really bring a lot to the table for all the partners as they do with us. So we see that we’ll continue to form more partnerships and more relationships as the technology continues to evolve.
Tricia Griffith: Great question, I think it’s a little bit of everything. But we have talked for years about always trying to get ahead of trend. And we refer to it as small bites of the apple, just making sure we have the right increase on the streets because we know when you have to raise rates quickly to get profitable, that causes shopping, and it’s happened to us. But last year was a perfect example of us getting ahead of it. We raised rates because we had to, but we didn’t have to raise them at the same rate that our competition. And that’s where you start to get a lot of shopping behavior and if you’re positioned well, you’re able to grow and grow profitably. We also do have a different model and going back to Josh’s question in terms of that 96, we do want to make a bottom line underwriting profit and that’s important to us as part of our objectives. And if you look across the industry, even with 2016 statutory results, you’ll see that companies were able to grow, some companies were able to make money, but very few, Progressive being one of them, were able to grow and grow profitably. And so that part I think is really important because we always intend to be able to have that combined ratio under 96. So I think we look at our expense ratio, our cost structure’s really important both on the expense ratio side as well as the loss adjustment side. So we want to continue to look at ways to be more efficient to be able to keep our rates competitive and grow.
Tricia Griffith: We actually don’t publicize our specific target margins per product. So like we said, it’s an amalgam, our 96 is an amalgam of every product, every state, every mix and then of course we have different targets for new and renewal business, based on the fact that we have acquisition costs that are different in each channel.
Tricia Griffith: That’s a complicated question. Gary, if you want to talk about long-term trends you’ve seen from severity, that would be great. So a deeper dive into what I gave in terms of medical trends.
Tricia Griffith: And in this year and this quarter and year-to-date, one of the drivers of our severity has also been Michigan Peb.
Tricia Griffith: That’s been a bigger driver on that. Which is -- there’s a lot of volatility in there just because of the nuances of Michigan.
Tricia Griffith: So we want to be less than 30% debt to capital, so we knew that would go up when we issued the $850 million bond, but we also knew the timing of -- to pay off the 6.7% bond that we had, the hybrid bond, so we knew that would pop up, we wanted to be less than 30%. From a capital perspective -- or you said premium surplus, premium surplus, 3:1 on Auto and about half of that amount for Home. On a capital basis, John alluded to this a little bit, but we have been really trying to use our capital to make sure that we continue to capitalize on our ability to grow in this environment. So the last 3 years, we’ve really focused on making sure that we grow the business and that’s our usage of capital. As we’ve stated in the past, any under leverage capital we would use buy back shares or have a special dividend. Right now, we feel that we’re putting our shareholders’ money to the best use and that is growing the long-term business. So we’re excited about that.
Tricia Griffith: At this point in time, we are focusing on using our capital to grow the business. And obviously, you know we have a variable dividend that year-to-date is fairly robust and it syncs up with our internal gain share program. And so we believe that shareholders, if it continues, will be very happy with that variable dividend. And right now, we believe we have the ability to continue to grow properly and that’s the best use of our capital.
Tricia Griffith: I don’t have all the specific details, but basically how we look at it is more of a zero sum game in terms of the commission we’ve been paying overall. But we’re giving higher commission to those agents who want to put their longer-retaining preferred business with us. And you have an option as well if you don’t have a lot of customers but you want to work with Progressive, you have an option to have enough growth in those segments to get into the different levels of Paths to Partnership. We’ll give you some details on that, likely in a future meeting, but it’s pretty structured in terms of how much you write and the bonuses kind of fall into that, not unlike the Platinum Program.
Tricia Griffith: And we just started rolling this out and it’ll take throughout this year to continue to roll it out to all of our agents.
Tricia Griffith: I mean I think obviously everybody has their own operating objectives. And so we really try to surgically focus on our objective to grow as fast as we can at a 96 as long as we can serve our customers. And so we’re obviously a little bit more conservative on the investment side because we want to make sure that we take care of our customers on the underwriting side. And that’s worked for us. It’s worked for us for a long time frame. And although some of our competition fall through in the mutual company, how they decide to operate is really in a very different structure. So we tried to focus really surgically on how to best profitably grow Progressive.
Tricia Griffith: I mean for us, we always try to figure out ways to be more efficient, period. And we look at that on the expense ratio that John just talked about, less advertising costs and commission cost, and so we look at what we call non-acquisition expense ratio, so think a lot of the call centers where we sell and service, and we always try to figure out how can we be more efficient, how can we continue to serve the customers. We monitor why customers are calling in. Can we be more communicative so they get the answers they want to? On the Claims side, loss adjustment expense is hugely important and we have in the past 10 years continued to decline in LAE based on becoming more and more efficient. And Mike Sieger and his team continue to look at ways to become more efficient in the claims organization. So both of those things are really important. We believe the key to the companies that grow and grow profitably and are able to do both have a competitive cost structure, because then you can take that cost structure and have it into your competitive prices and naturally, those are really the players that win on a long-term basis.
Tricia Griffith: And what I talked about during my portion of the presentation, that doesn’t mean we’re not going to invest. So we see those as being mutually exclusive. To not being -- so to us, it’s really about you have to be making investments in the future as well, and we understand that. And we think we have a really good balance there.
Tricia Griffith: We have about 2,000 Platinum agents. And think of our overall independent agent channel, we have about 35,000. So we continue to grow as we broadened our coverage across the country. Remember, our Platinum agents, we want to be number one or number two when they think of the preferred customers that come into their shop. So not every one of our independent agents necessarily have customers that have a home to insure. So that limits it. We’ve also very specifically rolled out the Platinum model, more of a scarcity model to have it with fewer agents, because it is more complicated and it is something that is special to have, both those Auto and Home product. We also have what we call PHA Agents, Progressive Home Advantage agents, so they’re not necessarily Platinum but they have our ASI Home product as well. It continues to grow. And I think that’s the most exciting part when I think about the Destination Era and I think about that over $300 billion opportunity on the personal lines side, we’ve really just touched the surface with Progressive and ASI in terms of Home. And so those are where we really made the big investments that I talked about, on the commission schedule, acquisition of ASI, our in-house agency as well as our HomeQuote Explorer. So we feel like this is like the precipice of really gaining more and more market share in homeowners. And with that we will absolutely be appointing many more agents.
Tricia Griffith: I talked about the $91 billion opportunity in that home market and $63 billion of it being in places where we already have access, so direct to NAI. That’s not to say we don’t get plenty of people that shop from the captive agencies. And that’s really one of the reasons why we did invest in this. So while we don’t necessarily go out to those people particularly, we believe because of our brand and because we are available where, when and how people want to shop, we will ultimately get a lot of customers from the captive agency as well. So while it’s not a strategy, we want every customer we can. And we believe they’ll be shopping because we’ve made it easier.
John Curtiss: Yes, we’re feeling really good about our model results in both 8.3 and 8.4. In terms -- our loss ratios are looking really good. We’re happy with the mix of business we’re writing, and we are finding ways to develop our models quickly and get them deployed more quickly. So getting new segmentation to market has been a big initiative for us. And I think it’s something that we’re doing really well today.
John Curtiss: That’s a really good question. And at this point we don’t have enough data to distill what’s being driven by the technology versus the people that are electing to drive those cars. So I think as we get more data and we try to control for all the various variables that we have in our products, we’ll have a good insight into that. But I think it’s a great question. But we have not been able to fully answer that, but it’s something that we need to continue to think about.
John Curtiss: I do not. I would say that the mix of the vehicles equipped with these technologies, as I said, is relatively small and it’s starting to ramp up. So I do not know off the top of my head whether what we see in terms of differences between underwriting these vehicles by channel, that is not something we have spent a lot of time with yet.
John Curtiss: We have not seen a lot of movement in aftermarket. It’s probably more viable when we’re trying to give warnings to the driver. When you start trying to do an aftermarket solution where you’re trying to be able to operate the vehicle, to accelerate it or brake it. I think that what we’re seeing is those types of aftermarket solutions will be held to the same standards, the same safety standards that the government is going to require for newer models. So from that perspective we have not seen a lot of movement there, and that’s not something we’ve been talking about offering to consumers.
John Sauerland: I’d just offer that it is about that discipline, for sure, but it has also resulted in really impressive ROEs over a really long time period. And yes, certainly interest rate environments change over time, and we haven’t changed that underwriting margin. But I think the formula’s worked really well in terms of pretty consistent performance in terms of ROE, and also ensured that we have had adequate capital to continue to grow. When you’re growing at a $3 billion clip and you’re pricing leased auto to sort of a three-to-one premium to surplus rate, then you need pretty adequate incremental capital for subsequent years, so it’s been a formula that’s worked really, really well. And as Tricia said, there’s no intent to change it.
John Sauerland: And we will vary those targets by product set over time, given what we think the market opportunity is. But again going into every year, we’re projecting our growth formula renewal by product and ensuring that, we believe at least, we’ll be hitting that calendar year 96 in the coming year.
John Sauerland: And if the follow-on question is about overall impact on cost structure, I would expect it to be, obviously self-fulfilling, the more successful it is the higher commissions we’ll pay, but in the near term it would have a very small impact on our expense ratio. And at the same time we’ve been working to reduce our non-acquisition expense ratio which excludes both commission as well as advertising costs. So net, I think we would expect our expense ratio to continue to be extremely competitive in the marketplace even with this enhanced commission program.
John Sauerland: To that I would offer that cost structure and expected margin is one component of the whole. Certainly brand and experience, when, where and how customers want to work with their insurance company, matter a lot as well. So yes, the price which is driven by everything you mentioned is important, but that’s a part of the formula and we think our brand and experience are pretty powerful in the marketplace and are a big part of the formula as well.
John Sauerland: And I would add, in this environment where rates and some lines have been inadequate and preferred companies are raising rates fairly aggressively, we’re seeing more preferred shoppers coming into marketplace across channels. So captive IAs as well as direct.
