Tricia Griffith: Good afternoon and welcome to Progressive's first quarter webcast. We are delighted with our first quarter results growing net written premium 16% at 88.8 combined ratio, really great start to 2019 especially after several years of profitable growth. Today's webcast is going to be a little bit different than what we have done in the past. We have focused the recent webcast on our operational strategies and how they help us make investments to ultimately achieve our vision. Today, we're going to talk about the investments side of the house. Before we get into that I want to step back a little bit and just make sure we are all clear on our overall objective function and now it's for both the operating side of the business and the investment side of the business. We want to grow as fast as we can at or below at 96 combined ratio as long as we can service our customers. The great news is, we have been achieving that goal many times over the last several years, 2016, we grew 2.8 and net written premium 2017 another 3.8, last year 5.4 and comparing quarter one of 2019 with quarter one of 2018, we've already grown nearly 1.3 billion. What that has made us a huge asset under management for our investment firm to invest of about $35 billion and of course premium flow is one of the input to our investment strategy. Progressive Capital Management or PCM as you look here called today is based in Norwalk, Connecticut. It's a 13-member strong a small but mighty team. It's first talk about overarching risk. We want to balance our operating risk with the risk of financing and investment activities to have sufficient capital to support all of the insurance we can possibly underwrite and service. Within that the PCM organization has three mandates, Jonathan will talk about this; Jonathan and Richard will both talk about this a little bit later in more detail. The first one, protect the balance sheet. The second, achieve a strong risk-adjusted total return. And the third one, support the operating business as we think about future endeavors. I think about Horizon 3 that I shared with you before. We tend to be more conservative on the investment side because we have chosen to lever the operating franchise because we see it as our most durable means for a really strong ROE. Our comprehensive ROE is measured by a business profitability and capital efficiency. This Slide gives you a sense of how we look at comprehensive income. This is the pre-tax basis and it is the past five years plus the first quarter of 2019. And each of the bars you will see several colors, the blue is underwriting profit, the orange is investment returns and the small sliver of gray are interest expenses. As you can see, the investment part of our company is very important and that's why I thought it was important to share with you a little bit more about our philosophy today. As you can see for 2019, it's actually over 50% of our comprehensive income. We don't have an exquisite comprehensive return on equity goal rather, it's the natural outcome of our operating goals, our investment mandate and our financial policy. So again, operating goal, grow as fast as we can into 96, investment mandate, have a strong total return on our investment; and our financial policies that we shared with you before and that is maintain a 3:1 premium to surplus and then have a contingency layer of capital for unforeseen things that could happen and then have no more than 30% of our total capital comprised of debt. When we have those three working together which we have for many, many years, we are able to earn an attractive comprehensive return on equity in excess of our capital structure. So now I'm going to get to the heart of the matter and that is to introduce you to Richard and Jonathan. So, they both started out many years ago at PCM. They started out as analysts and quickly moved into the portfolio roles. They both report to Bill Cody who you've met before, so we thought it would be nice for you to meet two members of his strong bench. Richard Madigan has his BA in Accounting from Boston College and his MBA from University of Chicago. He currently leads our structured product portfolio and he served on the strategy Council that we developed several years ago, and so works closely with Andrew as think about the future. But first, I'm going to introduce to you Jonathan Bauer. He has his BA in Economics and Political Science from what we Ohioans call the school of North in Ann Arbor and he has his MBA from Columbia. He leads our corporate bond portfolio and he takes the initiative to think about technology strategies to make sure that PCM organization is efficient and effective.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. on the physical damage the portion of it, we are still seeing the component parts are more expensive. So, that continues to be pretty clear as cars get -- as the technology gets more advanced. So, we can price that pretty quickly. On the BI side, what we did is we took kind of a deep dive into that trend. Mike Sieger, who is our Claims President has a group of people and they did a deep dive and have narrowed down the BI severity to seven specific states and specifically we look at segmentation and claims like we do in product, specifically soft tissue, attorney rep claims that aren't litigated. And we're actually seeing the special damages increase, not the general damages. So, think of general damages as pain and suffering, the specials as medicals. So, what Mike and his team are doing is they're taking another deep dive right now into those seven states to understand and have hypotheses to prove or disprove so they can take action, are the specials, is it more frequency of bills or more severity; is it the fact that we've grown a lot, so newer people? So, more to come on that. But Mike is all over it and literally we've gone through a lot of data to understand that BI severity so that we can correct any actions from our process improvement perspective.
Tricia Griffith: I touched about this at a little bit in the last call. A big portion of some of the decline in PLE was the process change that we made. And the reason we did it was for our lifetime underwriting profit goals. So, we had process in place. It was basically a timeframe that you could renew without a lapse. And when we looked at that timeframe, one, we thought it was too long because we were able to tell that those customers were not profitable. And when we narrowed it down, one, we're more consistent with the industry; and two, we make money on those customers. So, we knew we would lose those customers and that would decline in PLE. And I think two, and I can't necessarily quantify specifically, but we have our usage-based insurance and as we continue to evolve that model and we have people that are surcharged, they tend to leave as well. So, a couple of different components. But the process change was the biggest component. We should see that diminish a little bit after the second quarter after it's gone through the book.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean commercial also has five different what we call BMTs. So, it is across the board from a tow truck to a sand and gravel hauler. So, they are very different across the board. And TNC is a higher frequency I think because they are in more of an urban areas. So, I can't give you specifics on that. We're look at that specifically with each of the BMTs, the TNC will look at state, we look at especially in the bigger states where there's a lot of construction going on. So, it varies dramatically. It would take me quite a while to go over it. I am going to have John Barbagallo who runs our commercial business attend the next webcast because I think he can go into a deeper dive on how we look at that product from a profitability perspective and a growth perspective.
Tricia Griffith: Sure Elyse. So, let me give you sort of a little bit of the punchline. But, let me walk back and walk you through how we have been thinking about for the last couple of years because we have a lot of tenure at Progressive and we've seen hard and soft markets come and go. So we're just seeing less price movements, so whether it's less rate take or actually many companies are taking slight decreases, so there's just less shopping. So, people are satisfied with their rate, less shopping. But let me walk you back a couple of years ago because as we have this robust or have continued to have this robust growth in profit, what we wanted to do is we wanted to take a look and say, okay, during times where there was a soft market, what are the things that we did or didn't do that we would want to do differently in this next market. And of course, things always change, so it's never the specific point in time. But a couple of years ago, we did -- about 1.5 year ago we did a deep dive into saying, okay, what would we do differently and sort of kind of gauged that around our operational strategies to continue on this growth. Because we really enjoy this great growth and profitability and we wanted to continue and we want to set ourselves up to continue that. So just recently as we've seen less rate take in the market, less shopping in the market, prospects are a little bit more challenging to get where we have great conversion now., so that's what has enabled us to continue to grow. We got together our group of people, Pat Callahan, our Personal Lines President, got together just to have a summit to say, okay, what -- how are we going to get out on front of this while we're in this really great position to continue this? So clearly, we continue to increase our marketing. And we're having a lot of unique marketing where actually you'll see something new next week from us with our specialized lines of motorcycles in particular product that a new campaign we are excited about. And we're looking at different ways to market in different areas to get the customers that we desire. On the agency side and I wrote about this a lot in my letter, we've done a lot of investments for the agents and we are really trying to focus on agencies that we believe can continue to help us grow that may be haven't grown as much as other ones and work with them on our product and our systems to have them sell more Progressive, making Progressive number one or two in their firm. And the overall, I think when we think about combating the soft market, I think about what we talked about for years. And that's the whole destination era strategy. Obviously, we invested in homeowner's company and we have many other unaffiliated partners that we work with, so making it easy for our customers. So HQX we have a Progressive home buy button in eight states now and we have other unaffiliated partners we work with to make it really easy to buy that home and connect it with the auto. We also have and we talked about this a lot. When we talked about the destination era, a lot of people that are going to graduate ultimately they have an auto and may be a renter's policy now they are going to graduate. So how do we market to them? We have metrics that we look at in the destination era that we look at auto plus another product. And when customers have more products and they are able to have our service and on the claims side and the CRM side and they like it, likely they're going to have more products. And if you compare the auto plus one metric from March of this year to March of 2018, we're up about 8.5%. So that's actually just kind of scratching the surface. Pat's team and actually teams around the company are working on, okay, what do we do? And we're just seeing slightly softening, so we want to really get out in front of that to continue to set ourselves up to ensure a profitable growth for some time to come.
Tricia Griffith: I would say about half of them are. So, yes, we have grown so much in every state. But yes, there are couple of larger states where we have grown tremendously and that's where we are really taking the deep dive to understand and create hypotheses to get our arms around it.
Tricia Griffith: These are really more process changes. Our underwriting is a little bit different. It would be a portion of it, I don't think it would be a huge amount. A lot of it is our ability to make sure that we care about expenses deeply. Our mix of business continues to change. I didn't mention this when Elyse asked the question, but we are seeing our agents more and more floating us the preferred business that we are starting to come to enjoy. So, it's a portion of it, I wouldn't say it's a major portion of it.
Tricia Griffith: So, the majority of the BOP already now is from unaffiliated third parties. So, we just rolled out our -- and sold our first policy on Good Friday for our BOP coverage. And we're going slow as we want to understand the system implications et cetera. So, we have it in Ohio handful of agents, we're going to add on more agents in May and then continue the roll. So, it would be slow and methodical just to make sure that it's a good process for the agents, a great product for the customer et cetera. So, slow and steady. What we're happy about is that we invested in this a couple of years ago because we think -- as we think about Horizon 2 initiatives, this is an important piece of it. And again, John Barbagallo will go into detail in the next webcast on what we're doing and commercial. We don't use the data from the other companies those who inform us of what we do. We bifurcate that data.
Tricia Griffith: Commercial auto -- I get what you're saying. Through our independent agents, yeah, the majority of our commercial auto business is -- does go through commercial agents. We rolled out there BQX, the soft launch of BQX a couple of months ago, which is BusinessQuote Explorer. So, we'll continue to have more direct and online, but right now I'd say about 95% of ours goes through independent agents.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we don't have the industry quarter results yet, so we'll compare after that. But there is the three components that we talked about, the BI severity specifically soft tissue in several states, the physical damage or severity in terms of components and car parts. And then PIP severity went up a little bit based on, I talked about this on the last call on a Supreme Court case with the industry lost in Florida. And that's the main piece. We'll continue to watch it and watch what happens in the industry.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Growth continues to be strong. We're growing the fastest in Robinson's I think in both direct and agency by a lot. We only have about 2.5% of the home market with our PHA and our Platinum agents. So, we believe that there is a lot of runway there. And we have our agency and team working with our agents to make sure they think about us when they are thinking about auto and home bundle, but that's a place where we continue to be really bullish on our ability to grow and grow substantially which of course the more we have that preferred segment relates to frequency. So, we're really excited about that.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean it's hard to quantify, but I would say that's one of the reasons why we chose to invest in ASI and invest in relationships with other unaffiliated partners. We know from data when customers have more than one product, their likelihood to stay is longer, their stickiness is better. And we wanted to be -- as part of our strategy, we wanted to make sure that -- and I think you said this in a webcast, I think John Sauerland said, we want to be able to say, yes, we got that, we can get that for you. And so whether it's on our paper or not, yes, I do believe you are less vulnerable if you have more and more products and services that can take care of as many consumers as possible.
Tricia Griffith: No. I mean I would say our claims adjusters and this is I think a little -- couldn't be different than what I've heard from adjusters who are coming from other companies. We focus on every customer whether they are Sam, Diane, Wright or Robinson and make sure we give them the best service ever. So, I don't believe that Robinson's affect the Sam's. Of course, a lot of the Robinson's have higher limits, so that could be a dependent factor as well, but I don't think that has an effect.
John Sauerland: Sure. Yes. We absolutely price the frequency. We have a frequency assumption that's forward looking to some degree driven obviously by the past. I think our previous statements have been that the frequency assumptions we made for forward-looking pricing weren't as big of a decrease as we've seen. So, we didn't price for the level of decrease in frequency that we've seen, we have been assuming smaller frequency declines in our pricing. But not again as much as we've seen recently.
John Sauerland: And most of our underwriting activities are focused on incoming customers. The process change that Tricia mentioned was the renewals, so obviously in force customers with us, but the predominance of our underwriting efforts when we talk about them over the past I don't know five years or so have ensured that we are getting accurate information from people coming in the door and risks whose intent is truly to ensure.
John Sauerland: In terms of premium for first quarter was about 84% of premium went through independent agents. So, a slight majority.
John Sauerland: To that I'd add, we are looking at a quarter and maybe you've seen a couple of other reads from other companies for the quarter. If you look over the long-term, I mean decades or even years, generally you see our severity trends track fairly well with the industry. We are also the subject to the same inflation trends for parts, for medical services et cetera. Where you see our trend diverge from the industry is on frequency. So, our frequency trends have been going up less than the industry over the longer term, or more recently going down more. And we think there's a lot of things that go into that, but certainly we think our pricing, segmentation goes into that, the underwriting efforts that I mentioned previously as well as our shift to a more preferred end of the customer spectrum. So, over the longer term, I think you'll generally see our severity trends similar to the industry, we think if you look over the longer term, again, frequency is where we find the advantage.
John Sauerland: And on the direct side, obviously we've been putting a lot of new products in place or new methods of coding, our HomeQuote Explorer is a great example where we're making it easier for Robinson's to either graduate to Robinson's with us or come to us as new customers, our advertising mix has shifted toward messages that are geared toward that segment of the population. So, that's helping drive business there. And as Tricia mentioned, getting agents to change behavior around whom they think are Progressive best serving, it takes a while. And we've seen that shift she mentioned earlier in agents coding us we think their most preferred households. Within the independent agent channel, we actually find a lot more potential for Robinson's growth than the direct channel. So, we're really excited about that.
