John Sauerland: Sure. The trigger around comprehensive income being greater than after-tax underwriting income, certainly, it was instrumental in 2009. In 2018, however, it was potentially an issue for us in that investment income was very low. And you may recall, it was a material sell-off in December, underwriting income was robust. Around a 90 combined ratio, growing 20%, but comprehensive income was very close to becoming less than after-tax underwriting income. And so we are in a place where we were potentially not going to pay any variable dividend or potentially pay what we ultimately paid, which was about $1.5 billion. And we think that sort of binary trigger there isn't optimal, either for the company or management or shareholders. So I think that's another benefit of moving away from the previous approach to the variable dividend. Obviously, the dividend is part of a capital management plan. We've been fairly transparent in our capital management philosophy. Obviously, we have capital requirements from a regulatory perspective, 3:1-ish for auto, about half of that for property. On top of that, we can carry a contingent capital layer, both of those, generally speaking, grow as we grow. So we have additional needs for capital. That said, at this point, we are in a very good position from a capital perspective, and we will continue to follow the path we have, as Tricia noted earlier, around returning under-leveraged capital to shareholders in the form of dividends or deploying them in share buybacks. So I guess, in aggregate, as Andrew noted, I think our financial stewardship has been good over the years. We have, as Tricia showed, achieved fairly impressive returns on our equity and it is certainly our aspiration and intent to continue to do so.
John Sauerland: Yes. I would sort of characterize it. So a point or two, quarter versus year, we don't normally view that as a material trend. It's tough to project as it is. But if it's 6% severity change for the quarter, 7.4%, year-to-date. We consider that to be a similar severity trend. And from what we can see, our severity trends are fairly consistent with those of our competitors. We obviously don't have full transparency there, but we have pretty good insight, and we think severity is in the 6% to 7-ish percent range right now. Frequency, down 2% to 3%. And that's generally speaking, what we are thinking going forward as well.
John Sauerland: On a year-over-year basis, actually in both the agency and the direct channel, conversion has been up. And it's been sort of a highlight of our product model introductions. And I would also add that its conversions has been improving in segments that we're targeting. So we're targeting more and more preferred customers, especially in the agency channel. We've seen nice shifts up and preferred characteristics of the business we're writing, and that's predominantly driven by the new product models and the conversion that is driven by those models and that we're getting more competitive by introducing factors for the preferred end of the segment that are more competitive.
John Sauerland: I would just clarify that our loss ratios are always bottom-up. They're not top-down. So you mentioned a loss ratio pick going into the next year. That's not how we reserve. So we actually have average reserves for losses that adjustors set below a threshold. And above that, we use the adjustor's estimate for the loss. We also have inflation factors that apply to other losses in the average layer over time so that if we think generally, severity trend is X, we are baking that in over the course of the year. So we then -- when we actually incur claims and add that to our IBNR, that's how we derive our loss ratio. We are seeing more large losses. And as I'm sure you noted, and Tricia alluded to, we did take a reserve change on commercial lines. In September to reflect those trends. But again, we don't go into the year with a loss pick and then develop that, we take a bottom-up approach.
John Sauerland: I would take the opportunity to add that In the commercial space, we now have an analogous offering we call Smart Haul, and our commercial business is still largely -- by far and away, largely agency based. And the take rate for the commercial business for Smart Haul has been far more promising than it has in the Snapchat side for the Personal Auto. There we are working with our agents to target the four higher transportation segment. So I think interstate trucking, those premiums are fairly substantial. So if you can offer a customer a material discount, and they're an independent operator many times. It's a material consideration for them because that's a business cost. And we're seeing great -- as in the last quarter, I had John Barbagallo share our commercialized precedent, along with Karen Bailo, shared some of the results from that program, which are very promising. Loss ratio is very predictive from the information that comes from the electronic logging devices. And we're providing, as I mentioned, significant discounts as well as, surcharges. But even -- given that, our loss ratio line, if you will, is still fairly steep. So we think there's tremendous continuing potential with our Smart Haul program in Commercial lines.
John Sauerland: And just to elaborate on the combined ratio part of your question there. We target, generally speaking, return on capital across our product lines in the same neighborhood. So you're correct in that if we have to have more capital around for property, we target combined ratios for property that are lower than auto. You might quickly point out that, that is not right now, our performance, and we're very cognizant of that. As Tricia mentioned in opening comments, taking actions to improve profitability in the property space.
John Sauerland: Yes, we think that some of the lower levels of shopping over the previous periods has been driven by the fact that many competitors have been actually lowering rates. We think that environment has changed, and we're starting to see far less rate decreases and more rate increases. And naturally, as customers receive rate increases, they're far more likely to shop than the rate decreases. So it's a dynamic environment. As Tricia mentioned, we manage spend very dynamically, even daily. And when we're seeing changes in the environment, we can react very quickly.
John Sauerland: I'll just add, while we're on that topic. Again, referring back to our last quarterly webcast, John Barbagallo and/or Karen Bailo. I forget exactly which shared a chart with you all around commercial auto prior year reserve development from, I believe, 2012 through 2018 and showed what Progressive had developed and what the rest of the industry has developed. And I will give kudos to Gary Traicoff and team in saying that the Progressive dots were fairly close to the 0 line. Not always on 0, obviously, we're not going to be perfect all the time. But within 1 to 2 points every single year. This year, we're a little over 2 points year-to-date. And the industry was an average that was far greater, and in some years, was even experiencing 9 points of prior year development. That level of reserve accuracy helps the product managers in commercial auto price accurately. We also reserve down to, I think, a finer level than some of our competitors in that space. So again, that drives more accurate prices that makes us more profitable and more competitive in the marketplace. So we have had some development. It's a little higher than we've seen historically. I think the product managers in commercial lines in the appropriate areas are right on top of taking rate, as Tricia was mentioning, it is their job to do. And I think they've got great data to make sure they're doing it in the right place.
John Sauerland: To that, I would add -- by far the majority of our auto sales now are digital, and that has continued to climb, as Tricia noted. I think the other important trend there to understand is the majority of those are now mobile. So it's amazing to me, frankly, that so many people are willing to buy their insurance on their mobile device and that trend doesn't seem to be abating either. That trend has yet really to transfer to home as much. We're starting, as Tricia noted, to build the capabilities for people to efficiently quote and buy property insurance online. We're seeing some interest in the mobile space for property. But the property -- I mean, sorry, the auto trends are pretty amazing and very digital and very mobile.
John Sauerland: One fact that I'd point out on that question. As Tricia noted, we had some bad experience back in '99, 2000, where we overweighted our annuals. And we learned from that. And today, we don't price our annual policies, generally speaking, at twice the 6-month. We actually price them higher than that to offset or mitigate the trend risk that you mentioned. So we are, yes, growing. It's still not a large percentage of our policies, and it's just in the agency channel right now where we have annual auto policies, and we think we're managing it pretty well.
John Sauerland: Yes. So the commission revenue is great. You're right. Service revenues are becoming material. But I hasten to remind that the primary intent there is to keep those auto customers longer and to keep the most profitable auto customers longer. So the commission is great. We are also offering Progressive Home in that same space, but the primary intent is to, as we say, bundle and extend. Meaning, get more of the household into the Progressive family and continue to ensure we meet all their insurance needs for decades to come.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, the frequency, overall, was a little bit less, more in the 2% range. And severity is a little bit up. We look at it differently in collision versus PD. So collision was -- the severity was less than in prior quarters. And there could be a lot of reasons, but we believe our mix of business is changing from a preferred perspective. But on the severity front, we know that it is costing more to fix cars and the components of the vehicles continue to be more expensive. And so we relate a lot of severity to that in total losses, but the frequency is still in the range. It's a little bit less -- I mean, the frequency, the frequency is a little bit less. And that, of course, is really hard to predict. That can go up and down, but we don't see anything systemic.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I think there's -- we've talked a little bit about a soft market, and there's less shopping when people's rates aren't changing. And so if you look over the last couple of quarters, there's been either rate decreases or less increases, so less shopping. And so as we've talked about in the past, we continue to advertise, and that affects both our agency and direct to make sure that we grow and the growth is slowing a little bit. We believe our conversion is still solid based on when people do shop, we have a competitive rate. But yes, we definitely have seen a slowing down because there's either been rate decreases or less increases. And I think we'll have to see if that changes are not based on what we're hearing from the industry, as you just talked about, from severity.
Tricia Griffith: Well, yes. Well, good version is usually based on -- is the rate. When you do shop, is it the right way for you and some people, if it's not significant, it won't convert.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I think the only one we haven't -- where we haven't grown new apps on the agency channel with an inconsistently insured, which we call Sams.
Tricia Griffith: No. Not necessarily. I mean, we use that, obviously, as our most predictive variable, but we also do want to encourage people to understand when, from a distracted driving perspective, as an example, when they are using their telephone, hands free, not hands free, et cetera, mostly for the safety of every other drivers. So we've always cared about it, and we've tested different things, whether it's beeps, start giving you the information right away. It's still -- it's mainly used as a variable. But obviously, we want to give the best drivers, the biggest discounts. And so both of those things important, it's understanding our rate to risk as well as of helping people to drive better.
Tricia Griffith: You know what, we're actually -- we talk about that a lot, and that might make more sense on the mobile device versus the dongle we have right now. So we're always talking about that. And I'm always talking about different ways with which to use that data, whether it be for claims, et cetera. So we're always kind of in discussion around that.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I think that depends on each one of our products. Obviously, I talked about property, and we're seeing some high loss cost on property. So of course, that affects trends. So our focus right now is to get into that profitability and expand our products and our segmentation skills and make some underwriting changes. But I think what we will look at is the continued severity trends, understand those where we feel like we're in a really good position as we haven't, in certain areas, where we've thought that small decreases would increase conversion. We've done that. But we haven't done it to the extent that some of our competitors have.  So as things change, we believe we'll have to -- our rates would have to change substantially. And we've always talked about that with our customers because we know our customers want to have stable rates. And so when we think about increasing rates substantially or decreasing rates substantially, for that matter, we try to make them stable. So that it will be less sort of a topsy-turvy. But we'll follow the trends. And we will, as we've said in the past, take small bites of the apple. We've always said if we increase rates, we want to be out ahead of it and understand 1 -- 3:1 is better than 1:3, we used to say, to take small, small bites, so customers stay with us because another big part of, obviously, our growth strategy is retention.
Tricia Griffith: I wouldn't take 1 quarter or 1 month of commercial to be -- to something -- we feel like it's not a very alarming trend. In fact, if you look at our year-to-date, we're in the high 80s. So we feel very comfortable with that. And in fact, if you look at accident year, it's even better, about 2 points better. So what we do, again, we surgically look at every BMT, every state, new and renewal, and we watch that closely. We take rate when we need it. As evidenced by -- if you remember, back in 2016, Commercial popped up a bit, and we reacted quickly and got back in the track. So we watch new business. We watch our renewal business. We watch our competition. You saw the delta we had in the combined ratio on Commercial Auto in comparison to the industry. So we are on that very aggressively all the time as we see something change because a lot of this could be affected by macroeconomic trends, we are on that. So if we see loss cost on a certain BMT go up, and we believe that trend is going to continue, we will be on that with rates or changes or underwriting restrictions.
Tricia Griffith: We always look to have competitive prices. When you think about -- what Andrew went over, sort of our cornerstones and our pillars, it's really important for us to have competitive prices. So we constantly look for ways to be efficient. And there's a few things that we've talked about in the past. When you think of LAE, we talk about just gain efficiencies through more estimates that -- we can do through photos, making it efficient and customers are happy with that. That works as long as there's no supplements, et cetera, but we've continued to work our way into having a higher percentage of losses settled in this way.  We continue to use our technology to get out in front of that. In terms of expense ratio, we talk about that all the time and my team, we're headed into our objectives for 2020. And we're talking about how we think about both expense ratio and LAE and have a goal to reduce that over the years. I talked about that a few years ago where we wanted to get down to a certain percentage. We continually do that. Of course, you don't want to do it, as an example, with claims, there's that balance of having the right amount of people, the right amount of talent because you could reduce your LAE substantially. But if it increases your indemnity, then it's not worth it. So we look at that all the time. It's really about people. It's about making sure that people have the right technology, and we've obviously used some things on the CRM side with AI to make sure that when our customers call in for really simple needs.  We don't necessarily have to have a person on the end of the line. That, of course, makes sense, and it's easier for the customer. And helps with expenses. But yes, that's a big part of it. We know price is big. We know that we have to be competitive, and we will continually try to make sure we do the right thing, but we reduced our expenses across the board. Our non-acquisition expense ratio, I should say, on the other side, because we -- in terms of advertising, we'll spend as much as we think we should to make sure that we have efficient use of our media. And if our level costs are too high, then we won't. But we've been really happy about increasing our media spend. So we look at that a little bit differently. We look at non-acquisition expense ratio.
Tricia Griffith: 40%, it's single-digits on the agency side, we continue to work with our agency workforce to, kind of, to understand that. We would say, at any given time right now, our policies enforced, someone's been on the Snapshot program at some time, about 15% of our policy enforced would say that. So we're really trying to make sure people understand the discount, understand what we're looking for. A lot of people, it's just -- it's that they don't want to do it because of big brother. I think it's sometimes hard to explain from the agency side, partly because we give a participation discount.  But when we have the data, we make sure that you can get either a 20% decrease, which is great, or you could get a 20% surcharge. And so I think some people that try it may know that they're not going to get the discount and that won't work out for them. But we think it's -- we think it's, obviously, a great rating variable. We think it's a great for society because hopefully, you do change your habits. But the take rate has been pretty stable, but much higher on the direct side.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. No, I think that capital requirements are really from a regulatory perspective to make sure that we have the right amount in case of losses. And then I think John referenced briefly, when we talked about the dividend policy, we also have a self-imposed contingency layer in case things happen, should it be a big catastrophe or whatever. So our capital requirements won't change based on that. Our reinsurance does in terms of us understanding the ultimate loss costs. So we went into the ASL a couple of years ago. And basically, we wanted it help us. It doesn't prevent going over 100 clearly, but we wanted to kind of lessen the downside depending on if we have not just name storms because now that's part of the ASL, but it used to be 63 LAE and non-storm or liability. It's really just another protection factor besides our name storms, our 1 in 100 years name storms. So that's something that we've had for a couple of years now. Just more of a downside protection.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So how we look at our media spend is really, we believe, if -- we have an allowable cost per policy. And if our cost per sale is less than that, we'll continue to advertise if we believe it's efficient. We watch, what we call, NP6, which is new prospects that haven't shopped us in the last 6 months, and then we watch conversion. As long as those numbers, we believe, are within the guidelines that we set, then we'll continue to advertise. We want to make sure that we advertise across the board of all of sort of our customer set. So we offer -- advertise a savings message, protection message for auto and home, and we watch those to make sure how good each commercial is, how good each digital advertising are. We have -- we do such deep analytics from our media spend that we will continue to spend as long as we think it's efficient and if not, we'll pull back.
Tricia Griffith: We don't want to -- you don't want to pull back either. Obviously, we still feel really good about our spend. But you don't want to pull back because as the environment changes, you want to consistently be out there because people will have awareness of you and then ultimately, if they shop you, that would be a consideration. So we even see a couple of the trends or the turning point where some -- there is some increases. So we can't predict what's going to happen. But John and I often talk about and look at data and challenge ourself "is the soft market softening," because we have seen a turning point from that based on what we believe are consistent industry severity trends.
Tricia Griffith: We -- let me start with the end one. If you know the history of Progressive, when we set up to do something we execute it. And so I referred to in 2016, when our trends went up and we were a little bit over 96. We got together. We made changes in our expense ratio, and we got rate, et cetera. And we nailed that in really a short period of time. And Dave Pratt, you're on the phone, you can add in. So what we've looked at over the last couple of years, obviously, if you take out cats, we're profitable.  The catastrophes, especially wind and hail have been substantial. And so we are basically -- we're changing some of our underwriting guidelines. We're changing some of our coverages, some of our deductibles in specific states, where we see that hail and wind. We're rolling out our 4.0 product. We have it in, I think, three states now, maybe three more by the end of the year, and then we'll have an aggressive rollout in 2020. If we have to pull back a little bit on growth, we will. We obviously have reinsurance as well. And now I think the beauty of having the ASI Progressive is that we have the auto R&D in pricers, the home R&D in pricers, and we can share that data to really understand loss experience across different consumer segments. So for us, we have all hands on deck. I will leave from here today to go down to St. Pete to Progressive Home. We are encouraged about what we're seeing. It takes a little time because some of these are annual policies. But I feel very confident we will get where we need to go. And as a reminder, when we think about growth and profit, we always want to do both. And this has been an amazing several years where we've been able to grow substantially and make a lot of money. If we have to make a choice and we never want to, profit comes first. So we do what we can to make sure we make our target profit margins.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. And Dave is down in St. Pete right now, and I'll tell you, he's got an extensive career at Progressive doing many of these things. And if there's anybody that can right this ship, it will be him. And really, we have all hands on deck. So my confidence level is very high.
Tricia Griffith: I mean, that's really hard to say. And clearly, we will continue use of reinsurance to, again, protect that downside. I think what Dave said is right on target with that question as well in terms of us understanding the models better and understanding how they affect our book of business. And so he said, we have some very specific work we've been doing on severe convexity in the last several months, we feel good about it. We'll continue to tweak those things, continue to -- if we have to pull back, have underwriting guidelines, et cetera. It's really hard to say overall, how it will affect us, but we'll do things to understand it better and protect ourselves better.
Tricia Griffith: I think the primary driver of a lot of the severity is medical costs, and they are affecting the book overall, whether it's auto or commercial auto, it's just more pronounced in the for-hire trucking.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We see, obviously, the growth outlook we see as extraordinary, but it's really too early to talk about. So our focus is on the 30 million small businesses with 20 or fewer employees. And we just rolled it out in the agency channel. And so we're going to continue to learn. When we have anything to tell we will, but we believe that really fits in our opportunities and we're excited about it, but nothing really to tell yet.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we've had a long-standing sort of policy that we will put cat information in the monthly reports if it's 2 points or more on the combined ratio. And so that's been decades old. And so we doubt we'll change that. We feel like we're pretty transparent with the monthly reporting and with, obviously, we share a lot during this webcast. So the likelihood of us changing that, I think is low. We'll always consider it, but that's really kind of the -- where we delineate when we share it on a monthly basis versus a quarterly basis.
Tricia Griffith: We're just looking into that in terms of sharing data with, specifically, only and only Progressive Home with Progressive Auto. But we do see there's overlap. And so there's some interesting just components that we're looking at to better understand how to segment. So yes, there is a relationship. I don't have a lot to talk about with it publicly now, but yes, we're definitely seeing that sharing that data is gathering insights for both auto and home.
Tricia Griffith: I would say, the acquisition on the digital side -- I can't tell you exactly percentage, has increased substantially over the years compared to when you look at mass media. We're assuming we actually -- you don't know if somebody sees it if they end up calling an agent. So we believe it likely helps the direct side more often because it may be a different kind of customer who's looking online versus going into your agent and kind of wanting to sit knee to knee for the that consultation. But I would say, it's -- I know that it's increased substantially. I don't know the exact percentage.  And then with Home Bundle, we continue to change our message. So forever, it was auto. And our assumption was that when you bundled that it extended auto PLE. What we're finding is from -- when we do the ads where we talk about home actually or auto, that helps to measure that bundle. So I would assume that happens again on the digital side. It's hard to say because you have so many ads coming your way, what actually makes that happen. But we have increased on our spend in the digital portion of our media spend.
Tricia Griffith: And I was talking about, he was -- John added on the acquisition side. And I think I was interpreting your question more as the advertising, which we, of course, equate to acquisition. But again, we believe that what we're spending with Home will eventually go that way as well. So for years, people didn't buy digitally. On our HQX, our HomeQuote Explorer, we now have Progressive Home, the buy button, in 12 states. We'll have 14, we're expected to have 14 by year-end. So just to continue to make it easier, have less questions, all those things. We're going to continue to invest in that because we believe that will go the way of auto and just trying to make it easy, especially if we have data that is publicly known that we can help to guide the coverage for your home.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So a couple of things. We've done some deep dives. And there's a couple of things that we've tweaked, nothing substantial. We really see that it is inherent in the industry. And in the spirit of transparency, as we've kind of looked and stepped back and we do a lot of audits across the board in our claims organization. I would say, it's likely now more low double digits. And so we see that even more in the five states that we talked about before. In looking at the industry, we believe that it's really just inherent with increased medical costs.  We've also seen an increase really over the years in a attorney rep rate. Not necessarily litigation, but having the attorney there at some point in the claim, sometimes at the actual first notice of loss. When I looked back at data around March 2013, we started to see increase in auto countrywide. And I would say, from 2013 to now, there's been about 6 points of increase in ultimate attorney rep percentage. And so for us, we're seeing that. Obviously, when you have an attorney they need to get their fee, so it's going to be more expensive. And that said, we haven't seen a huge increase in general damages, more on the medical side. So we feel like it's more usage. We've seen more injectables, et cetera.  So what we're really trying to dig into is, is this a trend? Is there something we can do about it? Because if someone's treating and they're with an attorney, we can't necessarily influence that. We always try to get out in front of the customer to make sure we take care of them and walk them through the process because it is very emotional when you're injured. But some people get attorneys right away, which does make the ultimate cost more expensive. Again, not necessarily litigation, but attorney repped. So we're working on those things all the time. But really, as we have watched the results come in for this quarter from the industry, it seems very consistent with what everybody is seeing in terms of higher medical costs.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. That's true if you were following us back in 1999 or 2000, but we are very cognizant of being able to be nimble when you have 12-month policies. One of the things when we went with Progressive Home in the agency channel is we wanted to make sure, for competitive reasons, too, that we could have yearly policies on the home for the agents, which was consistent with the other preferred companies that they were purchasing. We watch those very closely and make sure that -- especially because sometimes they'll get multi-policy discounts. We watch this closely to make sure that we maintain profitability and flexibility. We do have a higher percentage of those, which we think it is good when you're priced right. But again, we watch it closely, and we'll continue to likely talk more about that.
Tricia Griffith: And I think, too, I just -- I've been -- I've had a couple sessions with some big agents. And we have been really for years, wanting to make sure that we're seen as the preferred company or 1 of their preferred companies in agency. And with that, for them to get bonuses, their loss ratio has to be within a certain percentage as well. So it's -- it behooves them to put on really good business.
Tricia Griffith: Well, the commissioning that we get from a lot of non-affiliate carriers that we work with -- and I think Andrew talked about the life insurance company we work with, which is great. But we also offset that to make sure that we fund what we call the Progressive Advantage agency. So we use that sort of that contract spends to fund that. So we continue to grow that because we continue to grow. I don't -- we don't have actually any goal with that. It really is about making sure that we have the right amount of carriers for the customer base that comes into our door. And obviously, we want to be competitive with commissions based on the companies that our unaffiliated partners work with.
