Glenn Renwick: Yes, I’m happy to talk about that. I don’t think we have said too publicly about this, but as we go into next year, we will complement or augment which we might choose current superstore campaign with another campaign that we now have developed, and are quite excited about it. We’ll just be very little bit of consumer testing in the fourth quarter, but you will see that more as a companion piece to our current superstore campaign, we’re very happy with superstore campaign, and we have several new ads that have yet to be shown, as well. Some of those will start to appear in the fourth quarter. But we have a couple of rounds that mostly new material. So as we look forward to the first quarter of next year, which as most of you know, is very important quarter or time of the year for buying. We really have a nice inventory of the superstore campaign and something additional to add to that. Along with that, we actually expect probably later in the first quarter, maybe around the cusp of the first and second quarter, to be going more national with our Snapshot advertising. So we have some Snapshot advertising designed already and available for a local market test but we’ll wait until we have a slightly increased number of states with our Snapshot. We’ve got 24 there in direct today. I think we put that in the 10-Q, and we’ll have at least 75% of the country covered by that offering, and we’ll nationally advertise it around the end of that quarter.
Glenn Renwick: I’ll tell you what, during the time of this conference call, I’ll get an answer to that. I would’ve said yes, but I’m not sure. So maybe we can get that answer during the call and I’ll get back to you.
Glenn Renwick: You might have to excuse me during the course of this conference call, it seems like the first cold season has hit Cleveland around about the same day, the first snow day here, so I apologize in advance. Our expectations for spend, Vinay, are always the same, that we will modify that based on our expected yields and our observed yields. So while cost of sale may change, we will modify our spend as best we can to reflect the yields we expect. So in terms of outlook for next year, we have no reason to expect that we’re going to do any dramatic change in our advertising spend. We’re very comfortable. I just outlined that we have some new material both in the current superstore campaign and a campaign that is linked to superstore, but has a very different perspective. So we’re actually excited about our creative, and as long as we get the results that we’re expecting, we will continue to reflect that in our advertising spend. So I’m not going to suggest it’s up or down. It’ll be reflective of the conditions. This year, you mentioned the 4%, there’s no question last year was a very aggressive year across the board, and I think many companies saw that in terms of new quotes or prospects coming to get a quote. This year, certainly towards the third quarter for us, quotes are more of a flat relative to last year, so we are comparing a 2010 year to a very strong 2009 year. The quotes are somewhat flat. We’re not getting quite the lift on year-over-year quotes that we might have expected. We’ve reported that our conversion is attractive and our retention is attractive. So the 4% is definitely down, but still a relatively acceptable result based on what we believe the quoting behavior is in the marketplace. And as we go into next year, frankly, I’ll just play the ball where it lies in terms of seeing if 2011 is a stronger year quoting-wise than 2010. But I do think ‘10 over ‘09 has been a little bit of an anomaly given the strength of 2009.
Glenn Renwick: Looking at an aggregate in fact a scatter plot of many competitive pricing changes, I would say we are still seeing very slightly positive rate change. During the last several months, we have had a couple of large competitors go in different directions, one taking rates up a little and one taking rates down. But overall I would say rates are still slightly positive, but slightly may be the real emphasis there, Vinay, and I think that to the extent the consumers are not getting as disrupted by the renewal quote from a larger number of companies, it could very well be a reason that people have less of an impetus to go out and shop. That’ll obviously put a greater emphasis on the catalyst that we employ to suggest that shopping is in their best interest. And something certainly, not the only thing, but something where somewhat excited about for next year is our snapshot that we’ve talked about, simply because it provides another reason, over and above the reasons that have been in the marketplace, for people to reconsider their options. So we’re excited to be able to have that and really look forward to that getting up to full speed.
Glenn Renwick: On slight addition to that is that we’re also focusing on and deploying what we’re calling loyalty programs that sort of recognize that not all renewals are created equal but as you stay with us longer and your tenure is longer, there are more recognition and rewards for that type of behavior.
Glenn Renwick: Yeah. I think the answer previously that the ten over nine is not as strong a year in terms of consumer shopping behavior as we would best measure that. Let me give you a couple of thoughts, I think this is always a difficult story to put together with perfection. But we now have, we, everybody now has more day there on what I’ll call for the same store sales than we probably ever had at least in most of the time in insurance. So if you took something like Google searches for things that are related to insurance and the active buying, you would see that actually last year was a pretty strong year, it doesn’t seem to be as strong this year. Well, that’s just a point and very high to reconcile and triangulate from that point. But it’s the basis by which I at least come to a conclusion that consumers are not as active this year as they were last year. Having said that, we said previously that our quotes are closer to flat. There are several other sources out there that we talk about unique visitors. Unique visitors are actually up this year to insurance sites but some of that is servicing. In fact, a fair amount of it is servicing so we’re trying to push more and more about customers to servicing. So that’s not one that I necessarily look at too much. It’s great that it’s up. But it’s up for a lot of different reasons not just shopping. So we look at quotes and I think the industry numbers and some of that report would say quotes are about flat and we wouldn’t dispute that and that seems to be about what we’re generating from that. Brian just mentioned that our retention is up and our conversion is up. So with quotes up just a little for us and those two factors, we’re able to get the 6% growth. Yes, we would love more but relative to what we see at the market, we think we’re getting at least if not this year and at levels that we would have expected. How that proceeds into next year, it’s hard to tell but we also have sort of a less denominator right now that will probably flow through a little bit and get normalized in the first quarter next year. Having said all of that, in no defensive way at all but 15% new business growth or certainly 15% policy enforced growth, is always going to be high to maintain that momentum unless you really have a lot of new business growth, that doesn’t mean that we’re not set on trying to do that. But there will be some decline in that and I think certainly (inaudible) within this year’s denominator be a little bit more normalized relative to growth over last year. We’re going to see that in everybody’s numbers. Just comment here to Josh that Rival Driver is the name of the commercial I was referencing for local use in some Snapshot markets not just yet nationally and that is available on progressive.com.
Glenn Renwick: Yes. Let me take those in a couple of order. The California marketplace for us to be fair, our agency business there has not been generating the kind of growth that we would prefer and like. We’ve made several changes in our rates and presentation to the market place and I’m starting to see some return to growth in our agency marketplace in California. Again, to be very fair, we’ve got plenty of room to grow to catch up to levels that we believe we can achieve. So California is actually starting to look quite brighter on the agency side from a growth perspective. The direct has done very well, did very well last year and it’s maintaining that but not necessarily at significant clips above the prior year. But we’re happy with the performance of direct in California and actually quite excited about some renewed growth in our agency business. And we look forward to that state being a little bit more of a contributor to 2011 grow because it really hasn’t been at least an agency for this year. Florida, we discussed in a couple of different calls and written material. Florida frankly, for the most of this year and even latter part of last year was really to make sure that we got on top of the pip [ph] emergence that we saw there, we’ve taken a lot of rate action, we’ve taken a lot of underwriting actions that we feel are all appropriate for that marketplace. Those are in place and without disclosing more than we normally we disclose, I would tell you that we are much more comfortable with the profitability in Florida in recent months. And again, my expectation would be that Florida could be a much stronger contributor to growth for 2011. So as we look into 2011, I talked about some of the advertising type things. Florida and other large states that haven’t being big catalyst to growth this year, it could be a different story next year. Again, that’s not the guidance, it’s just what we always wanted to get our big states position very well and Florida hasn’t been and we’re more comfortable that is heading in that direction. New York has had a lot of action for over a long period of time. Still some areas that we would like to see New York profitability be improved a little bit over what it’s currently doing. But both channels there are in a similar situation and probably with a little bit more work that’s already going on, I look forward to better results in New York as well but not nearly the problem that has been in different times in the past.
Glenn Renwick: I would at this stage, prefer really not to comment on that, not because I don’t want to comment, I just such as let it play up. Progressive will play in any environment as long as we understand the rules and the rules are applied consistently, while at the very personal level, I have views on different things at different stage. We have to deal with 51 jurisdictions, and we find ways to do present our products, and do what we think is right for the consumer and as many as possible. And while these things are important, they’re not necessarily things that drive our behavior until we get a clear view of exactly what’s going to happen. We’re probably looking at something like about 20 new commissioners across the country post the election, three elected, I think that was Oklahoma, Georgia, and California, and then you probably got about 17 of those is the estimate I’m working with. So there’ll be some regulatory changes but generally, I just don’t think that’s going to change our game plan in any significant way at all.Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot. That’s all my questions.
Glenn Renwick: Yes. Please don’t take this as being rude. We do, and I’m not going to be, perhaps, as open with Snapshot details as we have in other situations because this is clearly something that we feel we have something unique in the marketplace, that entitles us to understand it well without necessary communicating all of the issues. So I will tell you that the take rate on Snapshot has met, maybe slightly exceeded our expectations, our expectations being set not on a wealth of data but on prior versions. So Snapshot has been very well received in that regard, which I point out only because our prior versions had an upfront discount, Snapshot does not. So interesting that would result net outcome, but our estimates of discounts have been off just slightly from our original expectations but not in any concerning way. And the quality or the class of people showing interest in Snapshot again, is slightly more preferred, which is very pleasant for us. It’s another way to get into a part of the marketplace that (inaudible) know that we want to be a much bigger player in. We have a lot of the tools necessary, but this one could be very helpful for us to getting into that, and at this stage, average discounts, we’re just not going to disclose publicly.
Glenn Renwick: I think we can all expect at some point and this should be a little bit more correlated with new automobile sales that ultimately the age of vehicle on the road will start to change. It’s been declining. It will start to change and that will be reflected in PD and collision severities over time just to make sure [ph].
Glenn Renwick: Ian, I’m glad you remember the customer segments because they do effect our thinking a great deal internally and I am going to answer sort of with a little bit looser answer. We are much more at tune now to those customer segments since we introduced them and do a lot of marketing around those. The transitions between customer segments are something we’re very aware of. I would say there’s a lot more that we can do to be quite as predictive as you’re suggesting in terms of life events. We do have a lot of other life events that we try to predict and contact our insurers prior to and that’s an area of marketing that I think we’re getting stronger in and still, I would value in all fairness, we’ve got a lot of opportunity to get better at. With regard to homeowners, I think I’ve mentioned this before but it does get somewhat at your question. The majority of our homeowners business actually comes from people that are already in (inaudible) business. So the cross marketing is actually something that’s very important to us. There are other life events that I just acknowledge that I think we can get better at. Another area that we actually do quite well in is cross marketing with our special lines customers. We do have historically a much more preferred book of business and have special lines whether that be the motor home, motorcycle and we’re definitely reaching many of those specifically in our direct book where we have more appropriate contact with the insured to be able to invite them to (inaudible) customers well.
Glenn Renwick: I would say we have the capabilities right now but I won’t foreclose the fact that there are people – that we’re very comfortable there are people that like to have an agent fairly for lots of reasons and their situation is slightly more complicated that’s fine. We’re very comfortable. There are individuals. I would say I’m one that that feel very comfortable just buying online and servicing online and frankly quite comfortable with that outcome. There may very well be a class of customers that start at a comfort zone, but as their needs get more complex, they may need an agent. Those sorts of things are definitely things that we would look at. It’s not something we’re doing today proactively, but if that was in the best interest of the customer, we would probably find ways to make that happen.
Glenn Renwick: Fair question, but I think the answer’s no. We certainly haven’t got that kind of linkage to commodities market. We’ll get to observe them frankly, maybe not the most sophisticated answer in the world, but we just try to observe what we see and what we pay and how those costs factor through. And given the number of checks we write every day for physical damage, that’s not something that we’re going to miss by any significant time frame. We’ll see those changes come through pretty quickly, if (inaudible).
Glenn Renwick: It is. It is, and the R&D group, for some of you who got to meet Jim Hass at our June meeting, we already have, and it’ s just the natural course of things, we don’t perhaps read too much into it, but we already have new ideas that we’re able to incorporate into this platform, so there’s an 8.2 and an 8.3 already planned. So not only in the rollout is the product rolling out, the general platform is rolling out, but it’s also improving as it goes along. And the simple answer to your question, yes, it’s actually meeting all expectations, doing a nice job and helping us with some of the comments we’ve made during the course of this call with regard to preferred customers. So it was directed a little bit to attract more preferred customers and to meet their needs.
Glenn Renwick: I can see that reasoning, and when you start comparing prices, it’s always all over the board. I think the way I would address that is that as we got into this marketplace, we didn’t necessarily have quite the same level of multi-policy discount that others might have, if they’re offering both products themselves, in other words, a discount on both the homeowners and the auto. That is something that we are now in a position to do. So I think to the extent that we perhaps had any kind of impediment there to be not quite on the same grounding as ultimate cost to the consumer, we’ve resolved that and that will actually be rolling out over the next several months and we’re comfortable that that will put us on a very equal footing and attractive footing. I think the results that we’ve been able to achieve have actually spoken to the sense that the combination of auto and home that we offer as a package has been an attractive price in the marketplace. Perhaps an additional discount can only serve to improve that. Another element that is not necessarily price-related but of interest is that we will be able to do what we’ll call multi-product quoting. So instead of thinking of this as an auto and then a home which are two somewhat separable actions, we’ll be able to integrate the quoting process for individuals. So the answer that I give to you is that generally we’ve been very competitive, we’re moving now to have both multi-product quoting and multi-product discounts available, two very important steps. So we continue to be quite excited about our penetration into that marketplace, and it certainly seems to be working.
Brian Domeck: Relative to Massachusetts, I think we have previously mentioned that upon first entry, we got a little bit of concern in terms of our rate level and rate adequacy, and have, since entry, raised rates more than a few times. We now feel we are closer to rate adequacy, but we continue to still monitor that. It has been a challenging state. But as I mentioned, we think we’re closer. As a result, obviously, as we have raised rates, new application counts are much lower than our first point of entry, but we feel much more comfortable about the current rate level and ongoing profitability in terms of that. In terms of New Jersey, New Jersey is also one of the states with personal entry protection where we had a few issues in terms of profitability, and over the course of the last year, have also raised rates to a fair amount. And again, we feel closer to profitability and rate adequacy, and certainly a little bit more in the direct channel than the agency channel in terms of that, and it’s one that we closely continue to monitor as we closely monitor all the states that have personal entry protection, which we have mentioned particularly early in the year had a fair amount of increase in frequency, which actually in the third quarter, actually moderated a little bit, frequency being down on a year-over-year basis for aggregate . But all of those states, and they tend to be some of our larger states, we have a vast amount of due diligence we continue to monitor. But net net, for both of those states, Massachusetts and New Jersey, the emphasis is ensuring rate adequacy and profitability, and then from there, we will then worry about going with those states.
Brian Domeck: This is Brian. Just to add to that, we’ve talked about this a fair amount. In terms of advertising spend, we measure cost for sale relative to our target acquisition cost. I think I talked a little bit about that in June in terms of what we have incorporated in our pricing, and as long as cost per sale remains less than target acquisition cost, we feel comfortable with spending. And obviously, one of the things we try to measure as best we can in this work, it’s a little bit more difficult, is on the margin, on the incremental spend, but we try to have as much discipline as we can on the incremental and marginal spend, trying to assure it’s meeting our objectives, and in certain, trying to ensure that we stay true to the aggregate measure of 96 combined ratio or below.
Brian Domeck: In terms of policy, our key measure is policy life expectancy. And so that you can think of as the average expected length of policy life and we currently measure in terms of months as our denominator. Hopefully someday we’ll get to more of a measure of years, but right now it’s in terms of months. And in terms of agency being a little bit greater in terms of percentage increase versus direct, one of the reasons for that is, and we’ve mentioned this a little bit, in terms of our new application growth in the agency channel, we are seeing a greater percentage increase in what you might call the more preferred market, those that tend to stay with you longer. So by writing more of the preferred auto business we are seeing a continued increase in aggregate policy life expectancy in the agency channel. I’ll mention also, in direct we continue to see some increase in terms of the policy life expectancy. Year-over-year is now up 2%, and you’re right, it is a slowing increase, but it still continues to increase. And right now, our policy life expectancy in direct in terms of just absolute months is slightly higher than the agency months. So in terms of that, that’s also a factor in terms of the percentage growth that we can obtain. But we’re pleased that both are growing. Measures that we look at in addition to absolute policy life expectancy, we look at what we call like the decay curve throughout a policy life. So what percentage of policies are staying with it one month after they’ve incepted, four months after they’ve incepted, we pay particular attention to what we call renewal rates. What percentage that receive a quote retain with us or renew with us. So we look at retention rates throughout the whole decay curve and from that is how we extrapolate the average policy life expectancy. And we try to influence what we can throughout that whole decay curve and it could be things that we do in terms of on-boarding policies, and that might be more applicable in the direction and the agency channel, things that we do as policy holders are with us both in terms of policy servicing, claims activities et cetera and then, trying to make the renewal event a good renewal experience for folks. So, we look at all of them. We try to improve along the way and net net we are pleased with the increase in policy life expectancy but certainly not satisfied and we want to see it continue to increase.
Brian Domeck: Yes, just a few additional comments. You’re right in terms of our frequency being relatively flat and that’s a little bit decompose into collision being modestly down and bodily injury and property damage on a year-to-date basis being up slightly. On the severity front, we continue to see a small, small decrease on the collision severity and aggregate severity down 3%, a large part of that is driven by bodily incurred severity for the year being down. Some of it as a function of the favorable development as Glenn mentioned that we have seen and we’ve pointed out that so far this year, we’ve had $1 million [ph] of favorable development, some of it in [inaudible] cost, containment cost, about fair amount in bodily injury coverage and again, most of that is attributable to the 2009 accident year. But that is faster than to that minus 3% severity that’s in the Q.
Brian Domeck: We don’t talk specifically about what the effect is on the expense ratio annually, because remember, the gain share would apply to the pricing of those component pieces. But obviously, it’s up significantly in terms of the accrual. And if you can think of the magnitude between the two lines, it’s something close to about nine tenths of point, something like that, between LAE [ph] and the expense ratios, it’s in two lines. But if you take our year-to-date numbers, that’s about the effect.
