Tricia Griffith: Nothing in particular and this is the curse of releasing monthly earnings. I wouldn't look into one month and put much into that.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we look at the components. But what I would say is, although the wholesale prices are trending down, they're still at all-time high. So we will continue to watch that. And I think especially, we will watch it based on the fact that there are a lot of total losses that have happened in Florida with Hurricane Ian, so that could even increase demand. So, we try to break out as much as we can. When we look at severity, we look more at overall loss cost in terms of size of vehicles, labor rates, parts prices, rental price, et cetera. So, there's a lot of components that go into that. But, we're going to wait and see and continue to watch the Manheim Index and watch what happens after Ian and if we -- and we'll see that in our severity trends.
Tricia Griffith: Sure Michael. So, in quarter three with our snapshot data, we saw vehicle miles traveled down about 11%. Previously, it was down about 14%. What we're seeing is commute miles have stayed flat. And during the quarter, we saw that traveled miles. So think of those defined as queuing from your home, 100 miles queuing from your home. So we think that might have been based on some lower gas prices, people were doing some last-minute travel because of those prices in their cars in -- during before Labor Day visiting grandma or whatever, and that usually involves less losses. So, come it's more congestion, you're going to have more losses. So we think about it that way. I don't think we'll know where frequency sort of trend long-term, until probably a quarter or two, because I know a lot of companies said, they were returning to work after Labor Day. So you're thinking in September. So what we'd like to do is, wait at least a couple of quarters to see if that sort of bottomed out and look at that pre-pandemic to 2019. And then we'll feel I think a little bit more confident, because I know a lot of companies have gone back and forth on how often their employees need to work. And I think a lot of it will depend too on COVID and flu, et cetera. So we're going to wait a few quarters, but that's what we're seeing right now on our UBI data.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I don't know that we changed the strategy. It just happened to be that cars were more expensive, so it took more to total them. And then we did total them part -- components were more expenses. So we'll always look at the actual cash value of the vehicle and then the cost repair, which could take into account rental, et cetera. So that's how we always look at it. And then you overlay the actual cost of the cars whether new or used when you make those assessments. 
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We've actually seen the bodily injury has been fairly stable in the kind of 6% to 8% range. And of course it went up after the pandemic that was based on more attorney representation, more soft tissue attorney representation not necessarily litigation and then just the overall social inflation. But we're seeing that level out in the 6% to 8% range. 
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean, it's hard to say because during the pandemic, there was little or none and then I think it went up pretty significantly. So yes, I think that would be accurate to say in that range of pre-pandemic.
Tricia Griffith: No, I think you're thinking -- well, we're thinking about it all the time. The hard part is -- there's so many macroeconomic trends that affects frequency. You saw that with gas prices. And so, I think there's a lot of things that we constantly look at in our models. I think, the best thing, when we think of pricing for our customers, is to encourage them to use snapshot. And that's us a big approach for people, who want to be able to save money, especially if they are not driving. So, we've seen an uptick in the take rate and our mix of business, new business in UBI. And we think that's great because, if consumers cars are sitting in their garages, more often than not, they should get a discount as long as when they're driving that they're driving safely.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We have had a long-term strategy to grow as fast as we can at/or below a 96 combined ratio. That will continue. That's something that's worked for us 85 years or at least since we went public in 1971, we first started talking about the 96. So, we will do that. We watch trends very, very diligently and take actions quickly when -- and decisively when we need to. Unfortunately, in this last year, we've had to take rate increases that we normally do to take. We don't like to take huge rate increases unlike we have. Like, we talk about smaller bites of the apple, which we believe we're now in a position to take as things change in each venue. So, our strategy hasn't changed. We're going to try to grow as fast as we can. Obviously, with the hurricane we're over 96, so we have a few months to go and we're going to continue to try to leverage this really unique opportunity to get growth while still maintaining our 96 combined ratio. In fact, in September, we had our lowest cost per sale since 2017. So, we're seeing really the advantage of the -- because our competitors aren't advertising as much and are taking rate, we're seeing some really great ambient growth. So, we're going to try to pull all the levers to do that to grow as fast as we can but we do have the 96 that we believe we always talk about profit over growth. 
Tricia Griffith: I'll have Dave talk about reinsurance but I'll hit on the sort of de-risking the book. I will say that reinsurance costs we are able to pass on so that is one benefit. But clearly that market is hardening. So, we talked about our goal of de-risking the portfolio specifically moving 60,000 policies out of Florida -- homes out of Florida sort of mitigate that risk. It takes a while. So we talked about that last year. We had a 90-day notification period to our customers. So, in earnest we started non-renewing those 60,000 in May of 2022. And then there was a special legislative session and there was a Senate Bill that allowed us -- allows homeowners to renew their policy as long as they could prove through inspection that they had at least five years of useful life left on their roof, which is great because that's okay with us and at least we know the rate to risk when we know how old the roof is. So, we knew that there would be less than 60,000 policies and it would take a little bit longer. And then, of course, enter Hurricane Ian and there's been a moratorium on non-renews and cancellations from September 28th to November 28th, so we won't be able to not renew any. Until after that is lifted those executive orders are lifted. So, suffice it to say that it's going to take us a little bit longer to de-risk and we get that and we'll continue to update everyone as that happens. I will say that we are not open for new business in A3 DPI or A06, so home, dwelling fire, and condo and we will not be open for new business until the executive order is lifted. The only caveat is we have some new homes with a select group of builders brand-new homes that we will be working with them, so they can close and have insurance on their home. So, I think the punchline is it's a volatile environment but we remain focused on achieving our goal and having our portfolio of homes across the country and not based on all the risky areas. So, Dave do you want to add anything on the reinsurance 
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I can map out sort of what's happened and how we're positioned for the future. So, we had such an opportunity in our four higher trucking business markets here, when the pandemic happened. So many people, as I'm sure you did you're having lots of good ships. So obviously, you had the trucking industry grew, and it grew in different ways. So, we had -- spot rates are up. So a lot of owner-operators would leave from a carrier and go on their own to be able to make it on their own. We were there for them. We were there at the right rate, and we had a history of this customer. So, it's a really beautiful growth. So even when you look at that 2%, you've got to look at the denominator because the last couple of years have been unbelievably successful in commercial lines. So now that spot rates have gone down a little bit and softened, some of those carriers are going -- some of those owner operators are going back to carriers, we do have a couple coverages, non-trucker liability and GL where we can keep those pits, when they're not -- when they're away from doing business with the carrier that they're part of. So we think we'll continue to grow. So that's more of a retention piece. What I would say is, the opportunity that we have is because we're so diversified in commercial. So think of -- a few years ago, we only wrote 10 or fewer power units. Now we went to 40 and then of course, we purchased Protective, which could give us an opportunity to be able to ensure some of those medium to large fleets. So we feel really good about our position there. And of course, Smart we have in nearly 40 states, I think 37, and that will continue to grow. Those are things we invested in three-plus years ago, because we know that this -- the commercial lines is very cyclical and very linked to macroeconomic trends. So although, the growth is smaller on a percentage basis, we've grown tremendously in commercial lines. We have a tremendous plan laid out a 10-year plan, Karen Herd your team have laid out to continue to grow and continue to diversify to make sure that we're able to be there when a different economic shift happens.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, it's very conceivable. So we look at expense ratio with the regular expenses and non-acquisition expense ratios. We will spend – given the takeaway to 96 for a moment, we will spend as much as we can as long as we believe it's efficient. So while our expense ratio is lower now, like I said, we're really bullish on growth for this quarter because of what we being in the ambient shopping and just the environment based on our competitors' spending and our competitors' rates. So yes, you could see it go up if we continue to spend in advertising. I will say that we're constantly looking at our plan on both loss ratio or expense ratio and LAE to make sure we can continue to be efficient because we do want to spend more in the acquisition funnel. So yes, you could see it go up a little bit as we determine what the right spend is. And of course, we have the 96 governor so that is going into play a little bit right now.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, absolutely. So the primary -- the best use I should say of our capital is to grow the firm. And that's what we're going to try to do, especially, like we said in this unique environment. So we have this conversation every time we meet with the Board, we'll be with them again in December. And if we don't believe we can grow, of course, we give it back in either dividends or stock buybacks we -- at this juncture, I can't say whether or not we'll have a variable dividend that will ultimately be the Board's decision. I will tell you that, I want to take advantage and leverage this opportunity to grow the firm. 
Tricia Griffith: No it's increasing somewhat especially from pre-pandemic. Like Pat said, it's a little bit more difficult to – we're really encouraging agencies that, as one of the many variables to make sure we get – we give our combined customers the best rates, if their driving behavior warrants the same.
Tricia Griffith: What I would say from that perspective, obviously, we watch the cost that we incur for our bodily injury, but we also have inflation built into our reserving. So we build that in based on a lot of data and including what's happening in the healthcare. So those inflationary percentages are build it based on what's going on in the overall healthcare industry.
Tricia Griffith: I can't speak specifically to distracted driving. I think we've reached those levels of ties have leveled off. They had an increase I think right win. There was less driving people. Speeds were higher, fatalities were higher. I think that's starting to level off. That might be the fact that there's more congestion because there are more people going back to work but I couldn't adequately give you specific number on that.
Tricia Griffith: I don't know how much numbers I can put into it. I mean, obviously, PIF growth goes into both new business and renewal business. So a lot of it has to do with obviously our accruals, which we think is positive. It takes a little bit of time period in. And what I will say is our renewal growth looks very positive and we think a lot of that has to do with -- even if our insurers get an increase if they're shopping the likelihood of the leaving is lower. So we're seeing that renewal business increase as well. So we feel like we've reached the bottom from our retention perspective and that PIF growth should start to continue to improve.
Tricia Griffith: I never like to guess. So you know what, two weeks from today you'll have our October results and then 30 days after that November results.
Tricia Griffith: Your math is accurate. It's so hard to say, because it can change with so many variables. I do feel like it's become a little bit more stable in the last couple of quarters, but you can see with what happens really around the globe thing happens with back and fuel prices has been change dramatically. If work from home happens, if something happens, where we're hearing about flu season or the next variance of COVID those things can happen. We really can't predict those. We do watch those literally on a daily basis. And then, we can react to those once we have them. So we do see, we believe a little bit more stability, but I'd like to see several more quarters of that at least a few.
Tricia Griffith: Well, each loss is dependent on the severity of what's happening in the car. So, again that dynamic as employees are there, so they're going to handle kind of a mix of harder total losses and some easier hit. So that sort of washes out in the denominator. What I would say is, we have seen used car prices go down the mailing index. We're going to continue to watch that. And again, it takes some time because there's still a supply-demand issue. We're going to wait to see what happens with hurricane Ian. And we are seeing labor are up about 3% parts are up about 4% to 5%, the only other thing that we looked at that have been up it is pretty flat right now are rental severity.
Tricia Griffith: Well, it was for the month of September, because we wanted to take the $200 million retention and assess the part for indemnity the part for LAE. So 25% is sort of our first assessment and that number will likely evolve over time.
Tricia Griffith: Again, so the auto piece for LAE, that we don't actually separate that out. When we report we report loss plus LAE. But that, again, with the exception of some Travel and some hotels and stuff, we already have that baked in, because we already have a certain number of claims people on our books and a certain number of claims that will happen. And when a hurricane happens, that doesn't necessarily flex up because of that. We already have a CAT team. But if they're not handling weather-related events, they're doing other things within the claims organization.
Tricia Griffith: I didn't hear the last part of your question, but the first part of the question is, we always believe that we put good business on the books, because we have so many variables that, as long as we can make our target profit margin, of course, that's different in new renewal, agency direct in each day, we always believe that the business we put on the books should be able to reach our target profit goals. And -- so I wouldn't want to fit in the books, that’s where we have underwriting restrictions and other things. So that, we believe, is a good business. And of course, that evolves and we'll be able to tell you how that underlying is in the next coming months. I didn't hear the second part of your question.
Tricia Griffith: I think we are with the monthly rating factors as well as the incremental increases and then the dwelling increases that John talked about on the property side. 
John Sauerland: Okay and one clarification to that. So Tricia mentioned frequency or vehicle miles traveled was down 11% that was referencing the pre-pandemic period. So when we think about vehicle mile travel, we continue to measure it relative to pre-COVID and interestingly, frequency is down a bit more than vehicle miles traveled and that's continued for quite some time has not yet come back. And we believe to Tricia's comments that, that is due to some degree to the mix of miles traveled.
John Sauerland: Just a little more clarification on that sense since Lisa had a similar question. When we think about the increase in severity for physical damage coverages, so property damage collision, et cetera walking around numbers about half of that increase is from the increase in used car values. That is both when we total a car but as Tricia was mentioning you total fewer cars, because the car is worth more. So you're going to -- your estimates on repairs are going to go up as a result of used car prices as well. So it's a little tough to tease out but sort of walking around is probably half of the severity increases we've seen physical damage coverages are due to the increase in values. 
John Sauerland: We continue to price as accurately as we can with the data we have. So, as our snapshot database continues to grow and we move to a continuous monitoring model, we have an increasing data set to work with and an ongoing data set to work with, because we have continuous monitoring. And I think, in eight states now and are continuing to roll that across the country. Early on with Snapshot, we weren't pricing completely to the curve, if you will. And as consumer adoption, as Tricia noted, has gotten to be really good and growing. We've been more and more comfortable with pricing to the full curve, which is the best accurate segmentation we can get.
John Sauerland: I'd also add, that if you have some multiyear agreements. So our entire program is normally not up for renewal in any given year, which helps us mitigate the impact of increases and allows us to better put those increases into our primary prices. We do also use some insurance-linked securities, if you will also cap bonds. So we're trying to diversify, our reinsurance and catastrophe coverage program both for time and for the instruments we use to ensure that we are stable as possible. 
John Sauerland: Sure. Yes. We have done a lot to move to ensure we have profitable business coming in the door. So when you do that you're going to first seek to apply underwriting efforts against the highest frequency business likely that is producing the highest loss ratios. As Pat Callahan mentioned, we've also had some challenges getting price in some very large markets that have fairly high frequency as states. So in aggregate, I get your perspective, and we've noted the same but recognize that there's a lot going on with the mix of our business, due to where we've been growing or shrinking both geographically and at the segment level that is going to drive that number as well.
John Sauerland: Yeah to set those inflation factors in our reserves, the product managers who are pricing at the state level will be reflecting those in their prices as well. And I think it's a valid concern. It's something that we are watching. And certainly to the extent we see medical inflation rate picking up, we will be dialing that into our prices as soon as we can.
John Sauerland: Go ahead. I've got your question on quote to bind, Tracey. Let me just comment on the quality just to build on Tricia's comments. So, obviously, we monitor the quality incoming business regularly and we have seen a significant spike in business coming from competitors, which is great, right? If competitors are raising rates, base rates and pushing customers to shop, we believe the power of our segmentation helps us select the right risks at the right rate for a lifetime profitability. So we look very closely at that quality of the business. We're always paranoid that we're getting business since someone else is shedding, but we're very comfortable with what we're writing. And as Tricia mentioned, we want to grow with the right business and we feel like we have that in place right now. As far as your quote-to-bind ratio question, there's a lot of moving parts in there, because when you have massive increases in shopping, you have different motivation levels of customers and conversion rate is, obviously, dependent on the mix of business that's shopping, how competitive our pricing is relative to where they're shopping from, because they're always comparing for a prior insurance customer what they're paying today versus what they could pay tomorrow. And that's where we think the power of segmentation, particularly in the agency channel, where comparative raters create effectively a transparency of rates across different carriers and segmentation and pricing accuracy enables us to grow in the right places, while avoiding adverse selection that potentially goes to our competitors.
John Sauerland: Directionally, conversion more recently is slightly down as we see prospect -- record prospect growth which is a normal dynamic I see more shoppers some are less motivated aggregate conversion does slide a little. 
John Sauerland: So on a cohort basis obviously we look at a lifetime basis and it all depends on how quickly we grow right? We've gotten the question for, I think decades about the growth tax and how we think about new versus renewal. And I think as Tricia mentioned we will spend where we can be efficient in acquiring customers and acquire them at what we believe a new business combined ratio is that we'll produce our lifetime profit targets.  So with that construct as we think about it, if we grow quickly there will be potentially pressure on our calendar year combined ratio and we manage our expenses in order to ensure that we deliver on your expectations. 
John Sauerland: Maybe I can help out. We have different policy life expectancy by different segment of business. So, what we call a SAM and inconsistently insured customers they're not going to stick around long. So, we need to make our 96 in a very short period of time. Robinsons going stick a lot longer. So, we have a lot more time to make up the combined ratio over 100 perhaps on new business for a Robinson. So, it depends upon the segment of business that we're talking about. Lately we've been growing less on the Sam side, more on the Robinson side. So if you think about that dynamic hopefully that's helpful to your question. 
John Sauerland: I would say no. So when we say not specifically to the curve, we would balance that on the end of the curve if you will. So early on with Snapshot when it was new for consumers, we weren't pricing to the maximum surcharge. We went pricing to the maximum discount. In fact, we didn't surcharge off, when we first brought out the model. Now that consumers understand it, are accepting of it, we can price to both ends of those spectrum. So this doesn't change at all the aggregate 96 target we have for all segments of our business inclusive of Snapshot.
John Sauerland: Yeah, the piece we're going to ensure, we're more responsive on the auto frequency side is that continuous monitoring. So the more we drive people to adopt snapshot or UBI rating and a continuous rating model, we can adapt more quickly to things that change in how they drive or how much they drive over time. So that provides a little more responsive than we have in today's model.
