Tricia Griffith: I'm going to give Jake just a moment to allow additional callers into the question queue. But so I'll get started with the first question, which is can you talk about the current shifts in automotive automobile usage and potential shifts in automobile usage as the COVID-19 restrictions are lifted and the resulting impact to Progressive? Well, absolutely, let me start with our usage based insurance data because it is continues to evolve as the shelter and place orders are lifted. So we saw abrupt declines in miles driven in mid-March. And by the end of the month and the daily driving for vehicle miles travelled was 40% lower than pre-COVID baselines. And then, in the first few days of May, we started to see some broad based increase in driving and I'll give you a little bit more on that. So last week, and we actually saw driving only down 14% countrywide versus pre-COVID. Now that changes and even up to this Monday we saw around 20%, 25%. So we are definitely seeing in states where the shelter in place has lifted we're seeing driving continue to be to increase and we're really following it on a daily basis. So I would say the level of data I'd normally don't show this level of data, but we're really literally watching it state by state and day by day to understand driving behavior. The reductions we're seeing are almost entirely due to changes in number of trips and not the length of trips. And I think, overall, I can't tell you what will happen in the future because these times are so uncertain. But the fact that we have this knowledge of the driving behavior, I think has been really important for us, as we understand sort of long-term trends.
Tricia Griffith: Well, it's hard to give a certain percentage Michael, but we will care deeply to continue to care about costs because, this is a -- it's a competitive environment. That has always been one of our four pillars when we talk about our strategy of becoming consumers' number one choice, so we'll continue to care about cost. And from a media perspective, we will spend media when we think it's efficient. This has been sort of a strange time because a lot of our media spend has -- is normally in live sports, et cetera. So obviously, in March, it went down a little bit because of that. But from an efficiency perspective, we are constantly thinking of ways to take unnecessary costs out of the system, to be able to have competitive prices for our customers. Can't tell you the exact amount but we talked about it all the time on my team.
Tricia Griffith: I wish I had that crystal ball. I think all the good companies are thinking about right now, getting consumers back, some of the money from the premiums because of the reduction in driving. Again, we're seeing that reduction go to less levels and we saw initially in March so we will price it. And one of the reasons that we did credits was because the fact that, we care a lot about segmentation and making sure that a lot of variables that we use, were price try and so we didn't want to kind of mess up that and I think all the good companies will do that and we will be competitive. And we will think about all the things that are important in terms of continued segmentation. So even during this time, whether it's on the personal line side or the commercial line side, we have been focused on continuing with our product models understanding right to risk, understanding our cost structure, making sure our brand has evolved and all those things together, I believe I can only speak on behalf of Progressive. I think we will come out of this stronger and be able to continue to capture share as we've had in the last 3, 4 years.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So a lot of that is from the leniency and then we through March 15, we didn't cancel for non-pay. So, that we will expect that to increase, we're not going to share the exact amount. But here's what we're really trying to do. I think this is an important piece, Mike. In John Murphy's CRM organization, they're really working closely to personalize it with each customer. And we're trying to make sure that if they couldn't pay for a certain period of time, how do we get them back on track, we want people to be legal, we want people to have insurance, we want to be really flexible with each and every customer that happens to. So we have those 200,000 customers, that -- the payments will start to come due, we'll work with them to try to design coverage that they're able to stay, insurance insured with Progressive. And John Murphy's team is working literally many, many hours in many days, it's just to think about this in his team. And in fact, the CRM organization has been quite busy because we're doing a lot of personalization, a lot of consultation with our customers at this time, when they really need to understand how they can stay legal. And we actually have a couple hundred people from our claims organization who had worked in CRM at one point moving over to be able to counsel those customers. So retention is going to be as important as ever, we don't know how many people we will lose or that won't have insurance for a while. There's so many different variables in terms of what is happening in our customers lives, but our goal is to keep as many as we can and we are going to do that as much we can. And put so much work into that to make sure that our retention stays the same.
Tricia Griffith: May 20. Yes, I mean, we watched the hardships kind of unfold. And so, I mean, we care a lot about that. I have to tell you a story that just came to me yesterday. And this is back to my culture comment. Mike, so woman from CRM was talking to one of our customers that couldn't pay for May and we're talking -- she was talking through leniency and our CRM rep and I don't always want this to happen, but I think this is a beautiful story. Our CRM rep paid a premium for May out of her own pocket, which to me is like, that's an incredible tribute to our culture and having somebody listening to a customer and doing the right thing. Now, of course, I don't want that to happen all the time. It's an extraordinary example. I think is a good example of our culture. And we're going to do whatever we can to make sure that we understand the hardships going forward. And the most important thing is to make sure that people stay legal and have insurance and we hope it's a Progressive.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we disclosed it publicly because it was correlated with our dividend policies. So we've had it internally forever when we change the dividend policy to have that reflected in our gains share score is a piece of the formula. We shared publicly. So we started not doing that when we changed the dividend policy last year. So what we did this year was we looked at the gain share for the quarter, we took in conservative estimates. So we didn't go to the full number that we thought it would be on basically to make sure that we gave the employees that needed most some of their bonus that we believe, is not at risk. Of course, again, we don't know what'll happen at the end of the year, lots of things can happen, but we won't share the gains share publicly going forward, especially since we have monthly earnings release. And we've also even gotten more disclosures on that in terms of caps and in our approach to how we look at caps on a monthly basis.
Tricia Griffith: Those are good questions, Elyse. So we have seen I'll have Pat Callahan, add in a little bit on this and John Barbagallo, if he want too as well because it's a little bit different during depending on the business marketing tier in commercial, but we have seen some uptick in shopping. Usually during disruptive times, you'll start to see that. Again, there's so many variables going on. So we know that a cohort of people in America have gotten some portion of their tax refund or their tax benefits from COVID. We've always seen shopping in times like this and we're watching it closely on the private passenger auto side. And in commercial, it's very different, if you're talking about business auto versus trucking, and I will have John Barbagallo talk a little bit about that. But the uptick hasn't been extraordinary, but we are seeing it, so we're taking every day to point to understand how during this disruptive time, we can have competitive prices. Pat, you want to add in some more detail on that.
Tricia Griffith: And for your question on sort of policy credits in our customer accounts, obviously, we have those April and May and we're always assessing, I went through the UBI data, we're assessing that more now on a state-by-state basis because of the different shelter in place orders and what will happen. And so going forward, I think that'll -- it'll be key for us to do what we do best in terms of by state, by channel, by product to understand the differences that have happened from COVID-19 and then react to those. It's hard to say what will happen from an industry perspective, because I think different companies handle it differently. But we'll go back to -- I'm really trying to understand it on a more granular level, depending on the state, the channel the product.
Tricia Griffith: That bounced back started about mid-April, mid to late April started the bounce back to about 25%. And right now, we think we're between 20 and 25. That 14% was specifically just to kind of show you like the detail that we look at for a weekend. So take Monday's data of this past Monday that was 21%. So we're right around that point. And again, it varies wildly depending on the states in terms of their restrictions. So if you look at a New York, it's very different than a Georgia. And so that's really how we're looking at it. The New York Times puts out sort of what's happening with restrictions being lifted. And we look at that and it seems to mirror some of the things we've seen. Of course, we don't have all the data that's in there, but we believe that's a correlation. So we think this next, two weeks, three weeks will be really interesting because so many states are starting to live, starting to open up and of course, depending on what happens with cases and testing that may change but I mean, just anecdotally, I was talking to Dan Mascaro, our Chief Legal Officer on Monday, and he went to hike in the metro parks in Cleveland. And he said it was so crowded. So you start to see this rare sunshine in Cleveland and people get out and they start to drive. And like Mike Johnson, we have a lot of theories that we play around with on my team to think about, okay, this summer, will people -- will you drive to grandma's house or to wherever versus fly? Could there be an increase in those longer trips? And of course, that has different frequency as well. So yes, I would say anywhere between right now we're seeing 20 to 25, but we started to see that mid-April.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. Sorry about that Meyer. I wasn't sure about it. But, yes, I think we'll continue to use that. And I think it's also only one variable that we use when we look at the sort of holistic rates to risk. But again, during these times, there's going to be a lot of data that will skew things that we'll have to kind of understand as we think about pricing and risks going forward.
Tricia Griffith: I've seen a lot of data around speeds and anecdotally driving here today, there was a lot of people that were going really fast because there weren't very many on the highway. So I kind of made a note of that. What we've observed is, so we looked at hard brakes for 100 miles driven and the percentage of trips with time with their phone in their hand, we've seen that increase about 10% to 15% after the post-COVID-19. So it could suggest that the miles are riskier. We are not seeing that in the claims data yet. So we're going to be watching that closely.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think you'd refer to as our Bob product Atlas service, yes, behind it. Yes. Well, so for Bob products, we have less than 200 of those policies that have business interruption insurance, and we have an exclusion for damages caused by virus or bacteria in those. We use ISO verbiage. So we feel like our risk is very, very low, less than 200 policies and we have an exclusion. I do want to say as long as we're talking about this, as a leader in the U.S., P&C marketplace, we're very actively involved in ensuring the COVID pandemic doesn't result in legislative or regulatory actions that permanently damage the voluntary insurance market and slow our nation's economic recovery. The U.S. markets heavily regulated and we want to ensure carriers provide essential products that comply with the applicable regulations. So when they're developing and filing these program, the voluntary insurance market relies heavily, we rely heavily on contracts sanctity, and that's a really important piece that we believe in. And we have to ensure that so that we have adequate prices for all included exposures. So when you think about the economic damage that is, is tragic for small business, we don't believe that fabricating coverage that doesn't exist on insurance policies is the right solution for this problem. That said, we have little exposure if any but as an industry, we feel very passionate about the fact of contract sanctity.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I don't know if I have a specific answer to that. Normally, when its part of the mortgage, it's less likely to not be paid because it has to be part of that and so it's just a pass-through.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I'd have to watch it. I know we have a lot of history. But no history is like this. And so we look back and times like -- during the financial crisis, et cetera. And so we'll just have to follow the trends and then we're after them.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. The severity has been a little bit different for us. First of all, we report encouraged trends instead of paid trends. So for frequency, the incurred is more responsive and for severity both incurred and paid are more impacted by sudden changes in data. And so that may not be a true reflection of our trends. So, my opinion on severity right now, I can't necessarily tell, partly because the incurred counts distort the severity trends. Let me give you an example. So our property damage for the quarter was about 14% on severity trends. We think about 9 points to that, how to deal with trends that we've been seeing in the past, total loss repairables. What we think of the other 5% is really applied to supplement dollars that came in March from prior months, subrogation dollars from other companies from prior months. And when you apply those to March, they increase the encouraged severity. So we think that trend is a little bit different during the times where we have less incoming volume because the mix changed. So we do think that distorts that a little bit.
Tricia Griffith: Right. If you look at the quarter for bodily injury, it was about 9% and through February was 5%. We know that in March fewer incoming which increased the age like Jon said, there were more attorney but less lawsuits. So we think with our average age increasing the encouraged severity would be better than February.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we talked about the hard braking and the phone in hand. So we have seen that increase, about 10% to 15%. But we have not seen that result in greater claims costs.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I didn't surprise us. We didn't really know how deep the initial decrease would be. But we've already seen it pick up from pre-COVID and specifically in the direct channel.
Tricia Griffith: And so we are a big advocate of the agency challenge since half our business on the auto side more so on the commercial side, you're part of it, part of the decrease and then a little bit slower the increase in agency channel, just has to do with a lot of times people want to go in, sit knee to knee talk with their agents. On the small business, it's -- a lot of the society what's going on with COVID-19. But we're very supportive. And that's why we've been trying to find grants for the industry and then grants for individual agents that, that call us. So because we obviously have social distancing, our sales reps are making calls daily to our agents making sure they have what they need, we've responded to get some of them computers and printers and things they need to work out of their home. So I think, that they will try to get back to business as soon as the shelter in place are lifted in their areas. I can't tell you, if there'll be people that don't actually last through this. We certainly hope they do. And we're going to do everything we can to support that channel and all of our 35,000 independent agents.
Tricia Griffith: And a great part of Our CRM organization is that they take service calls on behalf of the agents. So even if they're at home, we're able to talk those agent customers through the same sort of situations as our direct customers.
Tricia Griffith: I think we always have different levers. And I think you've seen in the past when things have happened, where we've gotten closer to our 96, we've done that we're really not in that position now because of the margins. And like we talked about, we have the expense for 28 points for the doubtful accounts. And we'll watch and see how that continues to impact us through April. We are always looking at expenses and how to do more with less, et cetera. This is an odd-time, but I think once we get through this and things are back to normal and claims frequencies back to normal we will continue with our expense management. A lot of this, we learned about how many people work from home. And so initially, before the COVID happened, we probably had maybe about 10,000 of our employees or 43,000 employees working from home now we have 95%. As we think about returning, there could be an advantage for real estate, because many of those people will be very efficient and effective working from home, it would be better for them. So those all the things like that we will look at. And when I talked about that, sort of that third tranche of how we think about the future, we have five different teams working out what we call reimagine. And one of those is based -- it really talks about expenses and people and the workforce. And so we will look at all these things that happen and then figure out how to come out on the better end. As an example, when I was -- when during the financial crisis, I was the President of Claims and we have same situation were the frequency had diminished during that timeframe. And that's when we started learning about being able to do things virtually that you didn't have to be sitting necessarily in every office and we really started to consolidate and have right file, right rep right time. I believe we will learn a lot from these to continue to be more efficient. We care about that immensely.
Tricia Griffith: I have to let the people that run the ride sharing companies talk about that. We continue to be very happy with our relationships. And as you saw -- we had decrease in net premium written over about over 110 million on the commercial side. That wasn't surprising because we look at miles driven during a given policy period, and then we kind of trued that up with extra miles. And it's just clear right now, in fact those companies are saying you shouldn't necessarily drive. So I think, we'll watch and see if that comes back. And it really all depends, I think on how quickly once the shelter in place orders are lifted and people feel comfortable and more importantly vaccine. So I can't predict the future. But I'm not surprised that the decreases based on the restrictions in the States.
John Sauerland: I will just add to that, obviously, everyone is wondering how fast this company is back? Does it come back to the same level of miles travelled as pre-COVID, and we're obviously trying to assess that as well. We believe there may be some trends around lower usage of public transportation over the longer term. They're also think there must be some substitution effect from air travel to vehicle travels for longer trips. And we'll be watching this carefully over time. And if we continue to see opportunities to give credits to our customers, we'll do that. But we are going to take it on a sort of a month by month and a geographically specific basis. Obviously, our product managers at Progressive are a huge competitive advantage for us, while we've taken a broad swath to date. We think the right path forward is likely a more surgical approach to any further credits.
John Sauerland: Mike, I will just add. Clearly the 200,000 is through the end of March and leniency goes through May 15. So we won't cancel anyone for non-payment or renew them through May 15. Starting May 15, customers will be getting bills that will be for the balance outstanding for the period in which we planned our leniency as well as the upcoming months. So, we will be working very hard as Tricia mentioned, our customer relationship management organization to make sure we keep those customers. If you're trying to estimate what bad debt write-offs were being through April through May that's a fair thing to do for sure. We're not providing numbers in terms of additional people that we are providing leniency to at this point, but it's safe to assume that it is more than 200,000 as of end of March. And it will be -- a difficult challenge, frankly, to estimate what portion of that we won't collect. This is unprecedented. Of course, we normally have bad debt expense routines, unexposed premium, those really don't apply in this case, it's very different situation. So we will be making some estimates. And the good news is, due to our monthly releases, you will have clarity around that for April and just a couple --
John Sauerland: Yes. So that's a great question. And similarly with our snapshot data patterns have changed dramatically relative to fairly normal and very predictable datasets over time. So, yes, that will be a challenge for us. We are making exceptions in our underwriting today around new businesses, especially where we can pull data sets from common sources that the industry contributes to look at previous insurance ownership patterns. And, yes, that's been disrupted. And in the near term, I think it's fair to say, there will be a period where we probably have to exclude over the longer term run. I think the snapshot or vehicle usage based data will fall into the same camp. So it's really difficult to read right now. But you're right that is a underwriting variable that we have used and I would say in the interim, we are redirecting a bit. But in the long-term, we think we will continue to use that -- the underwriting we've done we think, has been a huge benefit to us in terms of avoiding new business that we probably are going to price accurately.
John Sauerland: Yes. It's generally paid up front, in the mortgage. So while, the forbearance might postpone payments to the bank, generally speaking, the insurance hasn't paid upfront in that situation.
John Sauerland: While the premium again is generally speaking, paid upfront, so then the payment from the customer to the bank, the bank would be in that case, short on the money because the bank is generally recorded the entire insurance premium to us at the inception of that policy.
John Sauerland: Yes. They would have collected via escrow and put a year of homeowners insurance aside exactly for these types of either late payments or forbearance, to escrow directly.
John Sauerland: At the bodily injury severity even more generally speaking, as our inventory ages are reserving factors are such that we increase the expected cost of an injury claim, the older it gets. And we put those dollars into the current loss dollars each month, we're dividing by the incurred accounts for that month. So, to the extent new volume coming in is lower and we continue that inventory ageing on bodily injury and current severity trend is going to look higher.
John Sauerland: On the direct side as we pointed out in the Q, advertising was up a lot for January, February, I believe 28%, down a bit in March. And Pat can maybe comment a bit more. We are a large advertiser on live sports. And obviously spend there dropped to virtually nil, overnight. And so that is part of the reason our advertising spend for marches are recorded less than 2% relative to previous March. That said, the desire to grow and the direct channel and we'll spend, what we call allowables and I think are continuing to find opportunities.
Pat Callahan: Sure. We definitely seen a rebound from the immediate lows during the shutdown or the shelter in place. We have seen a different recovery by channel as well, where we've seen a faster recovery on the direct side of the business than we have an agency because we expected agents offices are still somewhat disrupted. And, we do see just a lower recovery from our agency channel.
Pat Callahan: Yes. I would build on that and just say that in the direct side, specifically, we are constantly evolving our media mix and testing and measuring into what's efficient and effective driving demand. So while we did see that that [trough] [ph] appropriately so focused on other things in car insurance, We are shifting to some more over the top in streaming services that people spend more time at home, some more digital than necessarily the mass media and finding select programming that we see significant spikes in viewership that we want to have Progressive brand position well. Now, on the agency channel, I think everything that Tricia said is absolutely spot on. The other thing to recognize is that that agents for the most part are small businesses. And the disruption to small businesses can't be overestimated and we do expect that the agency channel will come back just as strong as it was previously. And I think some of the digital capabilities that Progressive has invested in to help agents, both service customers and in the case of our snapshot usage based insurance program control their costs or match their costs to their driving will potentially position us well, to benefit from that rebound in the agency channel over time.
Pat Callahan: Sure. On the personal line side, exactly, as you mentioned that we have a lot of monitoring that's in place and we've seen some survey data that indicates that people are now more open to usage based insurance, so that potentially will drive adoption and help primarily in the agency channel where we still lag behind our direct channel adoption. But beyond that, we've also seen a higher take rate within our quoting funnel. So not surprising that people are looking to think a little more about getting a benefit from driving less and if they are thinking and looking forward to working from home for an extended period of time, they may think of Progressive as a leader and usage-based insurance as a good choice for them as they think about their future insurance needs. Now, from the state level filing perspective, one of the toughest decisions we have to make is with the uncertainty how we're pricing policies on a going forward basis. And I think Tricia highlighted some of the detail level data that we have. Our snapshot program gives us hundreds of thousands of daily monitored drivers across the country. And what that gives us at the state and DMA level is visibility into not only how is the recovery actually taking place, but then correlating those miles travelled with our actual claims data. And that's a really important thing to understand because the ramp down of miles was so quick that we saw them highly correlated when they ramped down, what we need to watch is on the recovery side, does the time a day and day a week of those vehicle miles travelled correlate with higher frequency events, so that we can price policies accurately going forward.
