Susan Griffith: Thank you. We hope it's evident how bullish we feel about the future. Clearly, last year, Pat stood up here and said his primary goal, our primary goal, is to restore business in the agency channel. We didn't just restore it, it's at the highest level ever. We continue with our segmentation of more and more product models and having deeper segmentation at the quickest amount of time ever. So we really think that's a competitive advantage. And our bundled PIFs have grown 20% to 30% across channels. John  Sauerland talked about our most important variable, our UBI or usage-based insurance, so Snapshot, and how we're continuing on that evolution and how with that work we've actually had even more data capabilities across the enterprise that we believe will be a winning strategy for Progressive. Andrew Quigg talked about PLE. We finally made that breakthrough in PLE, especially in the Robinsons segment. Andrew talked about the massive amount of customer data that we have and how we're going to use that data to understand the moves of our customers and be out in front of that, give them a reason to stay. John Barbagallo talked about the fact that we're outperforming our peers relative to profit and growth, so that's extraordinary. Bottom line is though, we have to respond quickly to our frequency trend, and we're doing that with rate. John has his own era coming up in terms of the direct business with small business owners as well as technology and data-driven technology in the commercial space. I hope you're thrilled as our team is about what we've executed upon and what we're going to be doing in the future. And I want to thank you for your interest in Progressive. So with that, I will ask John Sauerland to join me for some Q&A. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, Ian asked that question during the conference call. I corrected myself. I was thinking from a gain share perspective. It is a 96% across all products, including homeowners. 
Susan Griffith: Well, when you mean exposure, reinsurance? In terms of that, I'll let you answer that part of that. But obviously, we can't predict the amount of the storm and the loss cost that will come from that. We have a CAT load that we put in each year. This seems to be something extraordinary. So right now we're at a 96.2%. Depending on what happens, clearly, you can kind of get to the outcome of that. We feel good about where we're at with reinsurance, and I'll let John talk a little bit about that. 
Susan Griffith: Okay, great question. I -- from the PLE, I believe that it is, it will continue. It's not -- we haven't time-bound it. And we look differently at our PLEs across segments. So when we look at Sam, Sam stays about the same amount of time. So we often look at our PLE in, excluding Sam, and then all else. So Dianes, Wrights and the Robinsons. I believe we have just gotten started. So when we think about PLE, we think of nature and nurture. So as we continue with our new product models for those preferred customers, and we understand what Pat talked about, having 2 competitive products in the -- both home and auto available, I can only see that continuing to improve. And then what Andrew talked about in the nurture side is we're learning so much about our customers, so I think those 2 together, I believe, the possibilities are extraordinary. 
Susan Griffith: Well, I can start, and John went over -- no, I think though the chart he showed actually talked about consumer acceptance at any age. 
Susan Griffith: We'll know a lot more next year. We're rolling out in 2 states later this year and the rest in the first half, so probably later part of next year we'll have more data. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, I think that we believe that we obtained enough data to properly rate that, that person with other variables. And we feel like we did not need to pass that time frame. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, I mean, Andrew was the perfect person to put in the new role that we put him in last year, because we really wanted to understand deeply about our customer and how to get out in front of those things. And we just didn't have a lot of modeling done. We've been hiring across the company for data analysts. But I wouldn't say it's had any effect on what we pay for advertising. So that, those are 2 different things. We pay for advertising based on trying to get -- use an efficient amount of money to get customers in the door. So I would say this is -- we're spending the right amount -- I don't know the exact amount, I don't know that Andrew does either -- with just understanding data and then getting out in front of understanding how to proactively approach our customers when they think they need us and make sure they nurture right. This, to me, is worth it because how it should play out is our customers should stay longer and it should pay for itself by far. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, so the increase is 1.5. We don't intend to slow down our new growth. We want as much new growth as we can. We anticipated the new growth tax that came into play. I think as the next 4 months play out, we'll clearly take action, but rational action, to get closer to that 92. So yes, the new business has been a huge part of that process, especially on the direct side, where we front-load all those acquisition costs. So yes, we prepare to have that new business tax for that growth. 
Susan Griffith: And just to add on to that, we started out this year with some unfavorable development from December losses from 2015. So there's a couple of different things in play there that account for it. 
Susan Griffith: Well, we've showed several times on how frequency over the last 50 years has continued downward. And of course, it's been offset by a lot of severity trends. We know that continuous safety models, and ultimately, at some point, we think that will be in the far future, autonomous cars will happen. So that's obviously a big threat to the insurance industry. And we're thinking about that. We have a group we call a runaway team that every day thinks about what could we do to monetize different things, what could we do to have new innovations? And so normally, we've been on the cadence of discussing the technology around vehicles about every other year. As our -- we did it last year, we'll update you this year -- the next year, I should say, on what we're doing with that. But we don't think -- we don't believe frequency trends are going to reverse, and we have to prepare for that. 
Susan Griffith: Well, John, you can add more to that. We -- it did creep up pretty aggressively. We added a lot of new business in, and we saw that -- the first few months when we saw the frequency trend go up, we weren't too shocked by it, because relative to those months, it was a little bit higher, but -- to the months compared to last year, it was a little bit higher, but nothing too detrimental. And then when we saw that third month, we dug in deeply and reacted quickly. 
Susan Griffith: Actually, the agents have reacted favorably to 3.0 because of the discount. So it's easy for them to talk about what is involved in the UBI approach. So it's actually improved -- the take rate has improved in the agency channel. 
Susan Griffith: You're digging into it more than them. I think you've seen some seasonality. And I think because we've had a lot of new business growth as well, we're learning some things. 
Susan Griffith: I tried to do that with showing both the agency and direct. So clearly, it's higher on the direct model because of the acquisition cost. So those acquisition costs are all front-loaded versus a relatively fixed commission. And I tried to talk about that in terms of the ULUP as well as how we think that's going to earn in. I mean, I can't predict exactly how it will earn in, because there are a lot of inputs. But we feel positive about it because of the influx of the type of new business we're bringing in, the average written premium and how we believe they'll run off in terms of ULUP. I'm not sure if I'm answering your question. I mean, we, I... 
Susan Griffith: Well, I think it's a shorter-term thing. And as those customers stay longer, especially the Robinsons and the Wrights, with that PLE, you're well below that 96. So that's why we feel good. So you've got that new loss -- and I figure, are you saying is it coming in, the new -- the next new tranche of new business. 
Susan Griffith: I think we think about the math in terms of targets. And so we know in each segment, new and renewal, agency, direct, Robinsons, Sam, at the very lowest level, we have specific targets that we believe will run off profitably. And we know when we're writing at or below targets, we feel that business is good. And so that's how we think of it. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. Loss trend, we talked about that for new business, as well as frequency was relatively flat, severity was up about 4 points. 
Susan Griffith: I'm not sure how much. I mean, it has an impact on it. Again, most of our commercial business is written through the agency channel. So you're not going to see that same new business tax because we're not using the direct, so it's commission-based. I think it's also slightly higher on both underwriting and loss cost, so... 
Susan Griffith: Great. If that's all there is, there's none from here. Again, we want to thank you for your interest in Progressive. We hope that this is informative. Normally -- we'll have the Q out probably in the next couple of weeks. So normally, we would have a conference call in November. We're not going to because of the recency of this meeting. So we will talk to you soon after that. Thank you.
John Sauerland: And my bet was that was going to be the first question, so thank you for it, because I'm sure it was on all of your minds. ASI has maintained the reinsurance philosophy they had before we acquired a majority stake in the company. We haven't disclosed the complete reinsurance program, but I'll give you some quick highlights. So $50 million of retention for a main storm. The first storm has a tower that is up to what -- the average model, I'll say, equates to about a 1 in 300 years storm, so that's pretty high up relative to what we believe other carriers have. We have a second event that also has a $50 million retention on it. But we're -- I think ASI has done a great thing in that it's only typical in the marketplace, in that they prepay reinstatement for about 70% of that tower. That tower is not quite as tall as the first tower, but it's about a 1 in 100-year event, and about 70% of that has reinstatement premiums prepaid. And Trevor Hillier and John Auer -- Trevor Hillier, CFO of ARX, and John Auer, the CEO, are both here. So if I misstate or I need corrections, please feel free to chime in. So $50 million on an ASI book, it's material for sure. $50 million on the Progressive book, you can do the math. We can absolutely sustain that and still hit our calendar year 96% targets. 
John Sauerland: That is property only, yes. So we also have boats sit on the coast of Florida. Thank you for reminding us of that. That exposure, we're pretty confident we have a pretty good feel for it as well, and our expected, our modeled exposure for Matthew is lower than that $50 million. It's probably like half. Now will that be -- it's a model. We all get that reinsurance models are not accurate. So the ultimate losses won't be known until they're known. But we think again, with even -- and auto on top of that, we'll have flood losses for sure, but we would still expect to hit a calendar year 96%, even with the storm. 
John Sauerland: Yes. And so we haven't marketed the app yet for Snapshot. Smartphone adoption is pretty broad now. I don't know the exact numbers across ages, but it's a very high penetration. Might adoption be younger? Perhaps. We wouldn't expect it to skew towards Sam, so to speak, for any reason. Snapshot, generally speaking, as you saw, is more relatable and preferred by preferred customers. So we'll see how the app distribution goes, but we're not going into it expecting it to skew any differently than our current Snapshot market. 
John Sauerland: So we have -- Snapshot app is in pilot stage today. We don't have it broadly, so we don't have enough data to tell you that it's exactly like Snapshot, but we are confident that our algorithm will react the same as the device or similar to the device, so we're confident that the rates that we apply will be accurate. 
John Sauerland: We tested multiple models years ago, actually, with Snapshot. So we actually tested a continuous model, to use your words, meaning the device remained in the car past 6 months. And we concluded we were good with 6 months. 
John Sauerland: I would agree. It will pay for itself many times over. I think the biggest investment is people. And we are moving some of our best data modelers in the company into the CRM group, which we previously hadn't done. And we think it will pay big dividends. 
John Sauerland: I might point out one difference, if you go on year-on-year, last year, we had about 2 points of favorable development at this point in the year. Right now, we have 0.1 point of favorable development. Again, I want to be as accurate as possible, but if you're doing the year-over-year, some of last year's calendar year result was prior year favorable development. 
John Sauerland: And I think it's fair to say that we've seen that BI frequency uptick across segments in the Commercial Lines space. 
John Sauerland: I might add, just for -- and we won't give you the complete math. But know that we are hitting -- the calendar year 96 for the aggregate of the business remains. So regardless of which channel is growing, which segment is growing or not, we are committed to hitting that calendar year 96 regardless of there's a storm. We also work to price segments to lifetime cohort targets, as we call it. So we would take a direct auto segment and say over the life of that policy, we want to hit that 96. And that's why Tricia was showing the economics very differently in a calendar year period than a lifetime period. So we're trying to manage through the lifetime targets as well as the calendar target. And we can switch a lot of levers to ensure that we hit the calendar year target, which may or may not have implications on the longer-term lifetime targets. But more recently, if anything, it has had the effect of having the lifetime profitability, the ULUP, if you will, of that business, even better. 
John Sauerland: Sure. So as we were just saying, whenever we find opportunity to price stuff differently or if we improve our cost structure, we plow that back into the pricing. So we will continue to price the Snapshot business to those similar lifetime targets of 96. So if we can take 1 point out of the expense ratio, we'll plow it back into the rates, be it through the non-acquisition expense ratio efforts that Tricia mentioned earlier, technology expense, what have you, so that goes back into the rates. 
John Sauerland: And second quarter was a little higher than first quarter, but I wouldn't interpret that as a trend. And 0% frequency and 4% severity is very consistent with historical trend that we've seen. 
John Sauerland: So I'll take it to a little -- maybe a little higher level. We can get more profitable by raising rates or we can underwrite out segments at new business or at renewal that we think are the cause of the problem until we have rates in that segment high enough where we are then comfortable letting new customers back in. So in Commercial Lines, they've identified segments of new customers that they believe will be the least profitable. And they're working upfront to underwrite that. In Commercial Lines, they have a lot of ability as well to underwrite a renewal with credits, debits. And they've done a lot of that over time and have targeted that, of course, as well. In Personal Lines, we're actually employing a lot of underwriting these days as well. It hasn't been what we've been -- it hasn't been our forte historically. But probably 4 or 5 years ago, we started getting a little more conservative around ensuring that we were bringing in business that was intent it was to insure and not otherwise. And I think that's helped us a lot. But higher level, you can improve profitability through raising rates or underwriting segments. And Commercial Lines has been very fast to react in turning on the underwriting where necessary, and they're now reacting very quickly in getting rates up and expect to have those rates up about 9% by the end of the year. 
John Barbagallo: I think and I tried to add this color, in Commercial Lines, we're also seeing increased levels of economic activity. And we know when we see that, frequency follows. So that, when you put it all together, I think there's a general rise in frequency, which we see across all auto. But when you look at the verticals where we participate, a lot of construction, a lot of aggregate haulers, over-the-road trucking, so freight transport, definitely positive movement in all those indicators. So higher levels of economic activity is driving that as well, we believe. 
John Barbagallo: Well, my comments today were mostly focused on the direct channel. And there, we feel very comfortable that we can develop a very robust platform for direct small business customers using non-affiliated partner products. We've already done that, and we think we will continue to enhance that capability. I think a solution for the agency channel is more challenging. We found that with homeowners. And the bundling dynamic for commercial is also different. I tried to share that today, so when does Commercial Auto even get introduced into the equation. It tends to be these other coverages that drive the relationship. And I would just say we are exploring a number of different alternatives for the agency channel, but we have not necessarily settled on a particular strategy. 
John Barbagallo: Yes, we've always had seasonality in the business. I mean, a lot of it is tied to construction-related trades. We have seen a shift in our mix of business a little bit toward more of the transportation, which arguably is less seasonal. But in terms of a direct response to your question, I don't know that seasonality has become any more or less of a factor in what we're seeing. 
John Barbagallo: And the new business restrictions will affect about less than 10% of our normal new business mix. So that will significantly affect the short-term combined ratio. 
John Barbagallo: No, it does. Not in the short term. So those actions are really designed to make sure 2017 is where we want it to be. And those restrictions will stay in place until the new rates are in place. 
John Barbagallo: Sure. It's some high-frequency segments. Logging operations, new venture trucking operations, things that always have a high frequency. And until we get our rates where we want them, we're just going to not take that business for a while. 
