Susan Griffith: Absolutely, Elyse. I think the headline for our private passenger auto is we think trends are encouraging, and it's playing out as we had hoped. So like we said, we had the majority of the rates behind us with a caveat of a few larger states. If you look at the 10-Q, our direct prospects are up 5% this quarter. They were down 11% last quarter, and that is with the spend down 7%, as you've identified. So we're spending less per new prospect with a ton of upside because we still don't have local media on in 19 states. That was 26 states in April. We continue to be able to open up with local advertising.  So said another way, competitors are less aggressive due to their profitability challenges. We've seen that play out with some of the Qs that have been reported. And that allows us to acquire leads at a more efficient rate. So we'll continue to spend to get more, but we won't spend unnecessarily to create more business. I think -- I don't usually talk about 1 month in a quarter but I think it's important to know that the prospect volume in June of 2022 was our largest June ever. So we're pretty pleased about incoming volume and excited about continuing that, of course, with the caveat of all things that could happen with -- in this last couple of years.  I think another way to look at it in terms of are we positioned well, and this might be a little bit further afield of your question, but we want to look at average written premium. So if you look at average written premium over 2021, it was 0. In 20 -- in first quarter, it was up about 6%, second quarter up about 11%. So those are written numbers and on average, take 4-ish months to earn in or hit the denominator for the combined ratio.  The numerator is increasing about 7% to 8% based on frequency and severity changes that we've posted. And so right now, with the exception of a couple of states where we need a fair amount of rate, we believe we'll be able to take modest rate increases. We've talked in the past, with the exception of this year, about taking small bites of the apple. We'd like to get into that because we know that our customers want stable rates. So we feel good about our position.  I also feel really great about our continued investment in segmentation. So about 65% of our countrywide premium are on 87. We just rolled out a new product model, 88 in Iowa, and we'll have more information on that. But overall, we feel great. We'll advertise more and open up more local markets as we feel necessary when we have the right rate. And of course, each state is different. But we feel pretty bullish. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, I think there are several analogies. Obviously, the ones that Dave talked about was age of roof, et cetera. But water damage is a lot. So if you can have systems in place that alert you to something if you're out of the home, there's water damage. So we look at all of those things in terms of let's think water damage, think of security systems, think of number of people in the household. So I think there's a lot of related items that we've looked at in the past several years and we'll continue to look at to understand kind of that same rate to risk in home as we have in our auto product. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, each state is a little different animal, and it really depends on when we got the rate that we needed and when it's earning in and when we feel comfortable that we want to grow and grow profitably. So although we wouldn't share the aggregate premium or the states really necessarily for that matter, we'll continue to assess that channel by channel, state by state as we get the rate that we need in order to be adequate. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. A significant part is driven by car prices, total losses, cost to repair. And I talked a little bit about the other parts of that, that go along with that. So parts prices are up around 5%, labor rates are up around 3% and our rental cars are up between 0.5% and 1%. So all those inclusive. A lot of it has to do with car prices, both from a total loss perspective and a used car perspective. And obviously, if the used car prices are up and they're up significantly since pre-COVID, many of those won't be totaled, and the repairs become more expensive. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. And severity is up 16% overall, but up in the 20-ish percent rate in both collision and PD. Thank you. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. I think I'll start with the latter part of your question. Yes, I think the competition will be greater in those states. The goodwill impairment was based on just the significant catastrophic losses that we've had. And when we purchased ARX, we had certain assumptions on combined ratios. And of course, we have a CAT load. It's far surpassed that, as Dave talked about. So it was that. When we -- we periodically look at goodwill. When we looked at it, we took into account the severe catastrophes where we're concentrated as well as just some recent legislation in Florida. As you know, we wanted to not renew about 60,000 policies. There's some new legislation that requires us or where we'll ask our customers if they had a new roof or the life of a roof is at least 5 years, we will renew them, which will be good because that means they've got a new roof and it's something we'd want to write. But we -- so we're not sure exactly how many of those 60,000 we will not renew. We took that into account when we were looking at the impairment. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. I mean one of the reasons we purchased ARX was to have access to those bundled customers in the independent agent channel. We know independent agents love our service, love our ability to handle claims well. But what would happen is they would have to write with someone else that they wanted to bundle. So that was a big effort. We are very broadly distributed in our independent agent channel, have over 40,000 independent agents. So what we did was really try to have a few -- or more of a scarcity model on the Platinum program with certain agents, that we wanted to have them write the Robinsons, our auto home bundle, be the #1, 2 or 3 carrier in their firm. So that's sort of how we look at that.  We also then had to make some changes, whether it was compensation changes in the form of higher commissions as well as writing 12-month auto policies to align with those 12-month home policies. So there's about 4,000 Platinum agents across the country. We work well with them. They consider us very preferred in their firms, and that's why we want to make sure that we're adequately priced on both auto and home to continue to grow with those agents.   In fact, I was just with -- we have an agency council that we had an outgoing group and an incoming group, and we talked a lot about efforts to grow, and I'm bullish about being able to do that obviously in the right venues. 
Susan Griffith: Well, we rate to have our target profit margin. You get a multi-product discount with the -- when you have multi-products. But we don't -- I don't know that we ever really talk specifically about those amounts. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, it's really dependent on each state. So in some states, we've had some underwriting and bill plan restrictions. Obviously, an easier way to go is what I've talked about in terms of turning local media off. And those are, for the most part, what we use to try to stall growth a little bit when we don't have adequate rates. 
Susan Griffith: I think, generally, we have to look -- we have to go back and look at the specific math, but I would say probably generally. 
Susan Griffith: I think you do a little bit of both. I mean I think a lot of it depends on what the competition is doing. So I talked -- when Elyse asked the question, I talked about efficiently acquiring leads has to do with the competition in the digital space. So we -- the national brand is really important. It is one of our pillars -- our strategic pillars. So we want to be the brand that talks about savings protection. We want to be known that gives consideration. We want to be on the short list. And then the local marketing really through most of online search. That's a nice lever to be able to turn off and on when we want to grow. But again, that's very dependent on supply and demand and what's happening in the industry with our competition. So I feel like we're in a good position now. Again, we have some states we want to turn on. John talked about a couple of large states we'd love to get adequate rates in so we can continue to grow. But we feel like we're in a good position. We have some levers, and we've had a tremendous amount of growth in the last 5 years. In fact, we've added 7 million PIFs and grown Auto PIFs 70%. So -- and that was coming off the last hard market. I'm not going to say that we're going to grow that same amount in the next couple of years, but that's always been our playbook to position ourselves, to get out ahead of rate, have a lot of different levers on marketing and then move as quickly as we can. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, I would say it's still a short tail. I think in the last couple of years, when you look at the data on subrogation from a property damage, whether it's incoming or outbound, there's been delays for many different reasons. And probably more recently, in the last couple of quarters has been on staffing. You've looked at the unemployment rate, and I know myself, along with many of my peers have wanted to really get ahead of staffing, and it's been a little bit more challenging. Personally at Progressive, we feel like we're in a really good position right now. I wouldn't necessarily have said that a couple of quarters ago. So the timing depends on when you're able to settle that claim and then, of course, get the paperwork to the other company and of course, for us, either we're paying out to them or they're paying out to us. So I think it's still short tail. I think that will -- hopefully, we expect it will level out at some point when staffing is normalized across the industry, and we get back to sort of claims as usual. I will say that, that is an important piece because anytime that you can get salvage or subrogation settled more timely, that hits the bottom line. In fact, I was talking to our claims President a few weeks ago, and we feel like we are very adequately staffed in claims, and we're actually going to move some people over to subrogation and salvage towards -- in the near future until the end of the year to get some of those closed in a more timely fashion. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, I feel very comfortable. Gary, you can comment on this. We have our head of actuary here. But I feel very good about our strength of reserves. To date, we're about 0.6 points on the CRM favorable. We were favorable in this quarter, and we feel really good. And part of our reserving that we look into, and Gary, you can talk about this, is we have a robust role forward process where we take into account in existing and new features, inflationary factors. 
Susan Griffith: We would love to write more business in California. It is the most populous state. Unfortunately, right now, we don't -- we aren't able to get adequate rates. And once we're able to do that, we are open for business and we'll write as much as we can. Right now, there's about 30 auto programs representing close to half the California market that have rate increases pending. We have 1 pending in one of our auto programs from January, we'll likely have at least another one in the near future. So if we can get the rate that we need to be adequately rated, we want to write all the business we can. The moratorium on rate increases in California is unfortunate because we don't think it serves the consumers of California, and you only have a couple of things to do. And there's a couple of levers that we talked about, and we'll use those tactics to slow growth, but we want to be a part of the future California market, and we'll do what we can to get there. 
Susan Griffith: Well, I think -- and my point, Ryan, was more of it's a really big ship now. So it's a much bigger ship than it was back in 2016. So as a percentage basis, growth growing 70% in Auto is going to be tough. The bottom line is we will grow as fast as we possibly can at or below our target profit margins. And that's what we're going to do as the hard market continues. It's sort of hard to foreshadow what will happen right now because I feel like we're right in the midst of it. And we have the rate that we're earning in, yet to earn in and more advertising to open up and then, of course, a lot of it depends on what the competition is doing. So the reason for saying that was just that we have grown a tremendous amount and just any company when you get the size of us, it's harder to grow as quickly on a percentage basis. 
Susan Griffith: I mean we're always thinking about the future, but we got out ahead of rates. So if you think about 2021, we had about 8 points and most of that was in the second half. We have 9 points year-to-date with the 5 points earning in. So I feel -- that's why I said we may have modest rate increases. And again, there are a couple of states where we need a lot more rate, and that's on average. So when I talk about the 8 points, 9 points and the 5 yet to earn in, that is very different depending on different states, but on average. So that's where we feel good. Likely, we'll have to take some modest rate increases as we watch the trends, but we will do that as we see the trends unfold. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. Yes our -- where we want to grow is PIF growth. And so that includes both the new and renewal business. And retention has always been our holy grail. You pay a lot to get a customer in and you want to keep them through stable rates and great service. Obviously, when you have to crank up rates a lot when trends change dramatically, you're going to lose people. So we knew that would happen. And -- but we want to keep everybody we can at or below our target margins for the renewal business.  And then new business, obviously, we want to come in because we want to take advantage of a competitive market when others are raising rates after we've raised rates. So both are important. PIF growth is our preferred measure of growth, and that will take a longer time. New business is more precise, more day-to-day. PIF growth will take a little bit longer since we've had some degradation in PLE, and we're looking forward to starting to ramp up PIF growth. 
Susan Griffith: I think it will be a little bit different, likely in the different channels. And I don't want to signal exactly when we'll see it grow. A lot will depend on the caveats that we talked about with states opening up, media opening up and getting our rates stable. I don't want to signal that. I'll let you know as it unfolds. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. It just means that the majority of the rate increases that we were able to get, again, the caveat with a couple of states, are on The Street. And then that's why I wanted to try to walk through a little bit about how we think about them earning in. And so when you have the rate, it's going to take some time to earn in. And we feel good about that we're in the heart of that and that we still have 5 more points to earn in as we speak. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. We look at inflation differently with medical and physical damage. But we see BI trends up a bit, general damages specifically with attorney-repped. And of course, we look at medical inflation as well when we look at our rates for each line coverage, whether it's medical payments or bodily injury. 
Susan Griffith: I think we always learn every time there's an acquisition, and we haven't been a big acquirer over the years, I think we've learned a lot of lessons. I think any new product that you go into, you learn. And so when we went on -- when we went direct, we didn't make money for quite some time because we were learning. We do the same with every new product. But I think -- I look at acquisitions more of is there some technology that we want? Is there some access we want? So ARX was access. Is this an easy way to continue our portfolio? So that's one of the reasons why we acquired Protective on the commercial line side because we knew we had the acumen to look at smaller fleets. They have medium to larger fleets. So that was something that was important to us as we grow into the fleet program. That's really how I look at it. I think acquisitions, if you don't do them very often, you're always going to learn a lot. One of the things that we have built since then is an area of the company where we look at M&A and we look at what we need in order to be successful in that. And that's within our strategy team. And so we're getting our arms much better around that. I think that's what ARX taught us is that you have to have probably a lot more investments early on in order to get your arms around the product. And we're doing that with Protective. I'm very excited about the Protective acquisition, where we're at. It was much different than ARX just as a learning and how we can leverage that much more quickly. 
Susan Griffith: Not at this point. We'll get there. The first, we know -- first, wanted to create the BOP products, and we went really small. So if you think about small business, it's usually defined as 100 employees or less. We're at 20 employees or less. We're very, very surgical to understand that rate to risk and we wanted to expand it out to the states. So we're in 37 states. We're learning every day. As we learn more, just like we have in many parts of our commercial business, we'll be able to expand that. So we get more and more comfort every single day. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. We've had what we've called Progressive Advantage Agency for many, many years, and we continue to build a stable of carriers that can serve many different value of homes. And some of those are -- many of those are in places where we're going to grow. But the partnerships are really incredible, and they want to grow with us, and it's all about the right rate at the right time. So we continue to grow there. We've put it online with our HomeQuote Explorer, where we have a buy button in -- I forget how many states. 
Susan Griffith: 38 for Progressive Home. So yes, we continue to invest in there. It's nice to have the partners to work with. And again, we've always been about choice and we want to make sure if our rate isn't the best, that we have opportunities to be able to have our customers still bundle with Progressive Auto and those partnerships. 
Patrick Callahan: Yes. I mean I think the embedded insurance into transactions or life events where people are acquiring the underlying asset, be it in auto, be it a boat, motorcycle, RV or be it a home, presents a shopping opportunity where we absolutely want to position our products to both facilitate the transaction by ensuring the collateral can transfer and be protected provided it's got some outstanding loan or paper on it. But we are starting to work more with, as you mentioned, digital lenders as well as more traditional lenders through independent agents. So it is a growth opportunity for us, and we are constantly looking at how to position our products best, where consumers want them, need them and, frankly, are shopping for them so we can participate in those transactions. 
Patrick Callahan: Yes. No. I think that's the primary driver, right? We've been in the auto business for 85 years. We've been expanding our property business over the last 5 to 10 to get to the 47% where we write today. So there's still a mismatch between kind of how long we've been in the market and how long we frankly had competitive property offerings to bundle with our auto offerings. 
Patrick Callahan: No. To win in the agency channel, we have to have a viable value proposition for both the clients of the agency and for the agents themselves. So on the client side, we have to have competitive and stable pricing, we have to have a quality product and we have to have really competitive pricing. And that's where, as Dave mentioned, we've got work to do to expand the perils that we write, improve the segmentation and, frankly, just have more competitive pricing for the agent's clients.  And then on the agent side, we have to have great ease of use and competitive compensation for the effort it takes to write a policy with Progressive. And that's where, as Tricia mentioned, the Platinum program has competitive offering of compensation for our agents that pays more based on how much and what quality of business or type of business they're placing with us over time.  And then we're known for ease of use through great systems and technology over many, many years. So not explicitly buying market share or, as you said, buying shelf space for a proxy. We are competing based on a quality of a competitive product for the clients in the agency channel and our value proposition for the agents who sell it. 
Patrick Callahan: Yes. It may not -- we've seen residual markets come and go in various states over many decades. And as you note, generally, when there's not a willing voluntary private market participation, there has to be a backstop given the mandatory insurance requirements. So could there be growth of a residual market in California? Absolutely. And there, it's up to the regulator to decide if that's a path that they want to go down. I think we've seen historically states like New York, where it grew rapidly. And then with voluntary participation, there was better options, more competition and consumers benefit when there's availability that brings competition that drives affordability. And carriers compete on both price and service whereas the backstop residual markets, unfortunately, typically provide a minimum level of both. So is it possible? Absolutely. Is there precedent? Yes, we've seen markets where voluntary participation shrinks and residual markets grow. And therefore, it could happen in California. 
John Sauerland: We can tell you it's well known that there are a few key states where we cannot get rate, and those are significant states. So it's not a small percentage of the U.S. households that is not getting the local media from us. So it's a definite upside for us once we get rate adequate in those states. 
John Sauerland: A rough estimate for the impact of vehicle valuation on severity across our physical damage lines is around half. So that's not exactly the cars, but as a walking around number, it's pretty close. 
John Sauerland: And just for clarity there, that 11% includes our customers that are bundled with third-party carriers. So we started offering bundles in our direct channel well before the agency penetration, which we achieved with, again, ASI, ARX. So the distribution of the home is a little more aligned with countrywide because of the footprint of our direct business was obviously countrywide from the inception of direct, and we had homeowner coverage pretty much across the country on the direct side, caveating. Of course, there are a few markets that are troublesome for all carriers. So it's a little tighter there. But generally, we're pretty well distributed for Robinsons on the direct side, a little more concentrated on the agency side. 
John Sauerland: Sure. The lifetime value calculation would include not only the PLE difference but the average premium difference. So we target common margins across segments of the business. So for -- across the auto program, we're targeting similar margins, but different segments have different average premiums as well as policy life expectancy and you sort of multiply those together, and that's how you come to a bigger lifetime value. 
John Sauerland: Josh, if I might add a little bit there. I think that's a great question. And I think the answer is plays to our strengths. So if you look at the percentage of folks coming to shop at Progressive that we would attribute to mass media from the kind of the time frame that you talked about to today, it has shifted a lot to much more specifically attributable media and we are great at analyzing the data fairly real time and making decisions very quickly to be able to redeploy dollars to go to the most effective way of bringing people in. So I think it's because of technology and the data available increasingly in a real-time basis that is allowing us to get more and more of our media spend really, really effective. Mass media, as Tricia mentioned and our brand are obviously the first step that's crucial to have that brand awareness, but then the agility and the data and analysis that goes into really targeting, again, I think, plays to our strengths and has allowed us to continue to grow advertising spend and be super efficient. 
John Sauerland: I'll just offer. It's also very dependent upon the competitive market. So we've seen a few competitors report second quarter, combined with over 100. We have 1 competitor who is reporting their rate increases monthly. We see another place where in large markets, we see very mature competitors taking multiple double-digit increases in very short periods. So it's an environment that's pretty hard. And if competitors continue to take aggressive action, we're going to be able to get back to PIF growth much faster than if they don't, both obviously on the new side. But the retention is not only a function of our rate increases, it's relative to what our consumers can find out in the marketplace when they go shop and if competitors have all raised rates as well, then our retention will improve. So it's really difficult to project. I think all of our product managers are taking the right actions at the local level. And as we continue to note, if we can get rate adequate in some key markets, we'll be in even better position to grow. 
