Julia Hornack: Thank you, Jason, and good morning. Today, we will begin with a presentation about Progressive Home business. Our presentation will be followed by Q&A with our CEO, Tricia Griffith; and our CFO, John Sauerland. Our Chief Investment Officer, Jonathan Bauer will also join us for Q&A by phone. This event is scheduled to last 90 minutes. As always, discussions in this event may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those discussed during the event. Additional information concerning those risks and uncertainties is available on our 2018 annual report on Form 10-K, where you will find discussions of the risk factors affecting our businesses, safe harbor statements related to forward-looking statements and other discussions of the challenges we face. These documents can be found via the Investors page of our website, investors.progressive.com. It is now my pleasure to introduce our CEO, Tricia Griffith.
Julia Hornack: Thanks, Tricia. Thanks a lot. And to all of our shareholders, portfolio managers and analysts, it's really been a pleasure getting to know you. And to do my best to represent Progressive in this and the facts that we provide in all of our public disclosures. It's been a pleasure serving our executive team. It's truly extraordinary and a wonderful partner, our wonderful partners. And I'm really excited to take my talent to St. Pete. Hopefully, I'm travelling back to Cleveland quite a bit to see my friends here, but I look forward to making friends with all my extraordinary colleagues founded on in St. Petersburg. So thank you.
Julia Hornack: Great, and unfortunately, we've run out of time today. So I'm going to kick it back to Jason for the closing scripts. Thanks for joining us.
Tricia Griffith: Good morning and welcome to Progressive's fourth quarter webcast. We wrapped up 2019 with another banner quarter and banner year. We're very excited to start 2020 and obviously you've seen in January's results. So, we continue to be really excited about our opportunities around growth and profitability. As Julia said, today is about property. And so, we're very excited to tell our story both where we're come from and where we're going. Before I get into that about three quick items. The first one, we heard you. Many of you asked for us against the loss ratios associated with catastrophes. And as you'll see the January earnings, we started to do that for each line coverage, so hopefully that will be more transparent for all of you to understand the effect of our underlying loss ratios on any given month with any given catastrophe, especially in the more volatile lines hover just like properties. Second, as you likely read in the 10-K, Progressive and minority stakeholders an ARX decided to conclude the acquisition a year early. So we're spending 242 million to acquire the remaining shares of ARX. And we will close that, if all things go well, which we expect that to happen in 2020, April of 2020 versus 2021. I was talking to Jay Pratt right before this, and he said, he had so many e-mails from people at Progressive Home saying didn't this already happen. So, this is really something where we've been dating forever. People assumed we're married let's just get it done early and we're really excited to move forward and really execute on our plans. And then the third item, which I'm sad about, but happy for her and happy for Progressive is Julia Hornack has decided to take her talents down to St. Pete with Progressive Home. All of you gotten to know her very well over the years. She is really our Investor Relations Guru and she's filled a lot of your questions over the years, and we're going to miss her. But we're excited for her in her next stage of her career. She's been a controller. She's been a product manager. And now she's moving on to work on specialty products. Vendor management and some process management. Again, we're sorry to lose her from here, but so excited for Progressive. Congratulations, Julia.
Tricia Griffith: I imagine you will be very diligent when you come to Cleveland versus what you say and in Saint Pete.
Tricia Griffith: Well, Gary, over the years you've shown us that that one data point in January, and how it evolves is very different, in every year you show us a comparison of three years or four years, and so what I would say Mike is, one data point strengthen it we have sort of -- oftentimes the December late reports, but I would say we are all over this and feel good about where we're at, of course we'll react quickly or should we need to strengthen.
Tricia Griffith: Great question, Elyse, we'll continue to look at that as it evolves. It's really hard to kind of have that crystal ball. So, we last year and most of the industry knows, some took some overarching rate decreases. People were taking a little bit of decreases. People want to start to grow a little bit. We're seeing less of that the industry is getting closer to 1% at this juncture. We are very surgical in each stage, like we study each channel, each product, and we'll react to that as necessary. We feel really good where we're at in terms of our profit margin. But I talked to Pat Callahan, our Personal Lines leader all the time on specific states and what we need to do to strengthen it. Again, we don't want to get behind. It's really important for us to have stable rates for our consumers. And so, we're going to take that 1% or 2% to make sure we reach our target margins. But we feel really good specifically on the direct side of the new business coming in, we have new business targets as well, and we feel really good about it at this juncture. Again, I feel like we are really nimble when we need to be, should we need rate. But we feel good at this point and again point here point there depending on what we're seeing in specific states.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. When you think about bundle customer with BOP NGL, and then you think across our channels as well, there are many small business owners that actually also have our auto and home. So as we think about that we really think about the household economics going forward. That's really what's exciting as well. Thanks, Elyse.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So many commercial -- whether it's small business or commercial auto, actually go through the agency channel. So a little bit more of a complicated product, so that's actually a much higher percentage than would go on the direct side, although we believe at some point we want broad coverage -- or actually now we want broad coverage for everything. So, I believe, as I talk to agents there are some agents that are only personal lines, some are more commercial. But there's many especially large agencies we work with that are both. And for them to have access to all the products they need for that customer whether they have a small business and they're auto and home is really a great umbrella for all of them to serve their customers. And that's what they want to be able to do. And so I think it's really important in the agency channel because it is still a little bit more complicated. So if you think a person who is opening their first business, they want to make sure they're protected, they want to be educated, that is nicely done through the agents. So we're very bullish on that as well.
Tricia Griffith: We can't really assess that based on -- we look at it mostly based on customer. So from a preferred to a non-standard who are more likely to have accidents or we look at it in terms of the demographics of, are you a mature driver or are you just learning to drive, so that's how we look at frequency rather than types of car. And what I said is, it's really hard to attribute very specifically to frequency, but we do believe a piece of it is more of our preferred customer who likely have less accidents.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So we -- actually that hasn't been an issue. We fully handle the claims. They're completely done in-house. And the great part about Progressive that I've always felt, especially having my upbringing in claims is we really haven't ever even differentiated between an insured and claimant. Every customer is a -- every consumers, possible customer, etc., and so we settle fair and accurately. So we don't get pushed back from them. I haven't heard anything about that. What they want is somebody out there getting their drivers car back on the road so they can make a living, and if there's injuries, making sure we're fair and settle those. So we haven't had that issue. I think they look for partners that have a world-renowned claims organization like we do. We have feet on the street because we have local presence and so it's really worked for both Uber and Lyft. And all the feedback has been that we do a really great job in that. And that's how I see it in terms of -- they want to have the claims handled by somebody who has a history of doing the right thing from indemnity perspective and that are also cost conscious from an LAE perspective.
Tricia Griffith: Oh, you probably have to help me on this. I would say if I need to guess, well, he is looking it up or you can't -- more like 2017, '18, where we're starting to see it develop. I can't say for certain without looking that up. But again, those trends do develop a little bit more over time. And I know -- off the top of my head, that's what I would say.
Tricia Griffith: And so we've grown -- I think I've talked previously -- and we're going to have one of the upcoming quarterly webcasts sort of a spotlight on our Progressive Advantage Agency. So in our Progressive Advantage Agency, we have Progressive Home, along with many other unaffiliated carriers. And that we were able to really have broad coverage for the customers that come in. So maybe Progressive Home doesn't want that risk, but another company does. So we're able to really -- we have a very low D&Q rate in there. So we're able to bring that in-house. We've grown our Progressive Advantage Agency substantially in the last three or four years, and that is one way where customers want to come in. In addition, we have HomeQuote Explorer that we developed a couple of years ago where you can go online, and we also have Progressive Home as well as several other unaffiliated carriers. And we have a buy button with that in 14 states. So when you're able to go on and actually purchase, I think it's really important, and we'll continue to roll out more and more states with that. So I think it really is customer preference, and that goes to our strategic pillar of broad coverage. And if you feel comfortable -- and the great part about HomeQuote Explorer is that we're able to gather a lot of information from publicly available data to make the quote really easy, and especially if it's a pretty simple basic home with things that we are able to get, they can get it done really quickly, and some people don't necessarily want to go through an agent. So we've got both areas growing rapidly, but it's really great in the direct cycle because a lot of people want to go either on the phone or online.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. It's also on the base. So BQX is fairly new as well. The customers are -- the similar type customers. It is more complicated. I wrote in my letter that I sat with a BQX rep and it gets really complicated when they start adding different coverages that they want. So we feel like right now that we can accommodate about 70% of the small businesses. And that's why we're going to continue to have more and more partners and then ultimately have the Progressive BOP GL in our BQX. I would say BQX is less mature than HQX, HomeQuote Explorer, but they're doing similar things that we did several years ago in the personal auto side, and that is build in-house agency, utilize partners so we can cover many different types of small business owners with different products that we may or may not write on our paper. So I think that's a really important part. It's the similar thing. We want that bundle. So where we believe will have longer tenure commercial auto partners is if we have more of their commercial needs. Same thing on the personal line side.
Tricia Griffith: Well, part of it is, if you have a 20-year-old roof, you couldn't have rates enough to cover that if someone has a hailstorm and we replace that fully. So we tried to create different coverages that put skin in the game. It's been really difficult with vendors out there. We'll go through the storm process and you can see it as they develop, they'll go through, and you're knocking on the door and you're making sure don't you need new roof, your insurance company should pay for that. So we're trying to always pay fairly, always do the right thing for our insurers but have some skin in the game that you don't just replace your roof every single time there's a hailstorm when there isn't damage. Or when there is slight damage that isn't actually changing the structure of the roof product. So we'll see how it goes. To price to a health state would be no growth, I believe. So we're trying to be creative in our product development.
Tricia Griffith: Well, a couple of things. We had gone over a process that we changed a while back, and occasionally we have that happen. There is another one that we're doing that I don't want to talk about for competitive reasons that will actually negatively affect PLE but we think it's the right thing to do to have the right customers on the book that are actually we can make money on. And also, it's been very competitive. So rates have been really stable and there's a lot of advertising out there, and it's really easy to change. And there is a lot of consumers that are just price sensitive, and they shop all the time. So they're going to shop the likelihood they can find a lower rate with us or some of our competition. I will say -- and of course this is one data point, that -- and PLE has lagged. The December development has actually increased in both the trailing -- the appeal in the three month and the 12 month. Again, I don't want to say that that's the future. We look at that as a possibility. We look at PLE very specifically with nature, nurture and price. So nature is our mix of business, obviously we want more of the preferred business. Nurture is how can we take care of our customers? We are investing a lot in the CRM organization around sort of N=1 personalization; how can we be there for you, you particular -- communicate with you in the way you want. And then of course price is the competitive landscape and the ease of going back and forth. So those three things we look at from PLE. We continue to have a team that works on PLE. I mean, the executive sponsor for that and we've -- we've changed leadership to make sure we look at all different angles. And in the spirit of question everything, we look at PLE and we'll continue to look at that externally overall. But I think there are some cohorts that we believe that we can increase PLE more substantially than others. An example would be, there are some Sams that we call -- some, not all, that are just inconsistently insured, and we love them. That's how Progressive was born and as long as we can make our target margin, we're great. But they might go. And will we ever really make that go from X to Y. But we'll always treat them nicely and occasionally they become Robinsons. But there are the other cohorts that we say what are other things -- why are you leaving, what are other things that you need from us on the nature, nurture or price. And so that's what we're working on. And internally looking at PLE from very different cohorts, so PLE ex Sam, PLE when you have auto home umbrella, all those things, and we're starting to really gain some traction on how we think about household PLE.
Gary Traicoff: Well, I think this is Gary Traicoff, Chief Actuary. Hello, everybody. Tricia and John gave a great overview and description. With respect to reserves, as you know, we developed unfavorably last year, about $232 million, which was six tenths of a point on the combined ratio. And that development was primarily related to the increasing injury severity trends that we were seeing and led to unfavorable case development. We recognized that early in 2019. And over the course of the last three quarters, we increased reserves from actuarial changes, roughly about $60 million. So we ended up going up about $186 million during 2019. And in addition to that, our claims adjusters continue to strengthen reserves, through natural movements as well. So when we look at overall, with some the changes that we took, we know in an accident year basis are up about 12% for commercial auto year-over-year , and 6%, or personal auto that would be lost and LAE for liability, which you probably noted in the annual report. Of course, LAE is a little bit flatter. So on an indemnity side, we're a little bit north of that. And when we think about how development is occurring recently, last year, over the last two quarters, we did develop slightly unfavorably about $20 million, of that $230 million that we saw come through two tenth of it was in the first half of the year, and a much smaller amount during the second half of the year. In January, we ended up developing unfavorably about $78 million, which was a little over two points on a combined ratio. In January, though the development was really related to some other areas. We primarily developed unfavorably due to December claims that were reported in January. When we look at our injury case reserved development between personal and commercial auto combined, we actually developed slightly favorably in January. Now that's just one month. So it's hard to say that how the future will go. And I definitely can predict how we see development and for the year of the changes that we take during the year. But as you know, as the year plays out, primarily, the development we see on the injury case reserves are a main driver of what we end up seeing.
Gary Traicoff: Sure, sure, great question. So in January, we were about up to 78 million pretty much all of that really related to December claims that were reported in January. And we look at it throughout the year. So when we look at January claims, they come in February claims that come into March, et cetera. Some months were high, some months were low. It's really noticeable in the first month, because it's prior year coming in. If we exclude that those late reports that came through, our development pretty much was rated right at zero. In addition to that, if we looked at just injury case reserves, which was the primary driver of the unfavorable development last year, we actually were slightly very close, but slightly favorable in January. So those claims as they paid out came in a little bit below the initial reserves we had. Again, that an indicator that that's how the year-ends up, but that's what we had in January.
Gary Traicoff: On the paid side? Yes, so on the paid side, there is a couple of things going on, right. There are definitely some states where we are seeing a speed-up in closure rates, particularly 30 days, 60 day, 90 days coming in as well. And then on the incurred side, you may noticed some changes. What we have seen is our adjusters we feel are recognizing larger claims quicker and so they are recognizing those claims and we're seeing the numbers come up quicker, which would mean theoretically then we would see lower development factors on the paid and incurred later in the triangle, right. And so that's some of the subjectivity that's coming through now where we're seeing that speed up early. And then the question is, how much of that do we think will materialize later on where it backs off as it develops to ultimates.
John Barbagallo: I can put it in perhaps simpler terms in combined ratio points. So, simply because we're turning the page what Gary was saying, we're going to see some losses we categorized as prior year every January. We are 2.2 points of prior year losses in January this year, last year we started out the year with 4.8 points, that was a lot higher than we normally see but as Trisha was mentioning generally speaking in January you're going to see some prior year development and the 2.2 doesn't concern us at all.
John Barbagallo: Yes, absolutely. And I share that excitement. Just for clarification, for all viewers, when we're talking about the rollout here, we're talking about business owners' policies in general liability. So, as Tricia mentioned, we got in the four states in 2019, we've elevated two year-to-date, and we expect to actually add about 15 states for this year, so ending the year maybe around a little over 20 states. And again, this is intended to vastly broaden our addressable market for commercial lines. We've been number one in commercial auto for a number of years now, and this opens up a marketplace that is probably 2 times, perhaps even 3 times the size of commercial auto for us. So very excited about that growth, as well as the plethora of other great things we have going on in commercial lines.
John Barbagallo: Yes. And as Tricia was saying, diagnosing exactly where the frequency is driven, meaning, by the driver of the vehicle, the environment, all that it is very difficult. That said, if you're focusing on model year vehicles, certainly newer model years are driven more miles than older vehicles, and we've been growing a lot and we've actually been increasing our share of those newer models as we write more and more preferred business. So the fact that our frequency is down in the same time period, the trends that I just described there, makes us pretty confident that we're writing the right preferred business.
John Barbagallo: And from a financial perspective, I'll point out that in both of our ridesharing relationships, there's quota share agreement. So in both of those cases, those companies have captive reinsurers that are part of their organization, and we are ceding premiums losses. So they are sharing in the financial results that we are experiencing with the other drivers.
John Barbagallo: Of the $232 million of prior year development, approximately $131 million was from 2018, $73 million from 2017 and the remainder from 2016 and prior. We detail all of that in our annual report.
John Barbagallo: I think it's safe to assume that. Actually, don't have those numbers to quote for you. But generally speaking, older accident years have already developed previously, and by a large part, they have settled. So we also provide in the Annual Report loss triangles where you can see where we picked, if you will, the loss reserves at the end of the respective year and how that develops over time. You can also see the percent of those claims that have been paid, and obviously on physical damage claims, those get paid very quickly in a bodily injury. You can see that development. But especially on the personal side, those bodily injury claims will certainly take longer to settle than fixing a car, they developed fairly rapidly. Commercial lines a little longer. But you can see all that in the annual report. It is safe to assume that prior year development is predominantly from the most recent year.
John Barbagallo: Now, one thing I'd offer to add to that, Gary, when you're looking at the premium mix numbers, direct versus agency for commercial lines, you should be aware that we categorize the rideshare partners business as direct. So those obviously are pretty significant premium relationships, and as we add those in that states, you're going to see that growth.
Meyer Shields: Great. I just want to start by thanking you for the enhanced catastrophe disclosure and maybe more importantly for the responsiveness. Tremendously welcome.
Meyer Shields: This is a bit of a leading question for Gary. When I look at the triangles in the 10-K, the age-to-age factors for auto liability, agency, direct and commercial, they are all speeding up, and I was wondering what that actually reflects.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's very helpful. All right. Thanks. And then second question. This is completely unrelated. I want to understand the thought process of raising deductibles in the health space and changing the coverage instead of pricing for the specific option that the customer would want.
