Susan Griffith: Thanks, Elyse. We really don't share our trend selects normally. But obviously, we've been seeing the trends in shorter-tail business increase as just the repairs to vehicles have slowed down. And when we look at that in overall kind of both frequency and severity, we think we're at 6 right now. And just like I said in the last call that could range. But at this juncture, we think we need another 6, so about 17-ish for the full year.
Susan Griffith: It will certainly get close. Again, all the caveats I said last time with weather. We feel much better about our reserving because of those losses being short-tailed, and we started seeing those at the end of last year. So I believe Gary really got out in front of that. It will certainly get us closer. But again, all the caveats and the uncertainty that we've felt for the last 3 years kind of are underlying that assumption.
Susan Griffith: Yes. What I would say to that is as those 2022 rates earned in that I put on one of the slides that I had, we believe we're putting on the books both new and renewal business that is closer to or below our targets, our accident year targets, I should say, in both channels on a year-to-date basis. So we feel good about where we're at in the business we're putting on the book in 2023.
Susan Griffith: Yes. I think we have our arms around it. I mean for BI, obviously, we try to keep ahead of that trend. When we see it, we react to it, and we're in line with the industry. This has been a very unusual time. As you know, if you've looked over the last couple of years, and you've seen the Manheim used car index and how that's flowed. Even though you're seeing it tick down a little bit, it still is a very big difference in what you saw in 2018 and 2019. So when we look at that, especially as we looked at the second half of last year, we really started to see the trend, specifically in property damage, but also in collision increase. And it's really -- and we're watching it flow through in our claims organization.  So you have -- let's take the property damage example. Somebody is taking care -- another one of our carriers -- competitors taking care of their insured, but they're going to subrogate us. So that accident happens today. And there's no shop capacity for that particular hit. So they do an estimate as best they can with the sheet metal still in the car. Let's say it's drivable, for this example. And they continue to drive. The shop can get it in 45 days from now, maybe 60 days from now. It comes in, they get the sheet metal off of it, oh, lo and behold, there's more damage. Those supplements are more frequent, and they're more expensive.  So you're having capacities, longer cycle times, longer rental times. I think I said in my letter, the rental time, we're seeing it go down a little bit, and that's one data point. So we'll continue to watch that. But you've got that, and then you've got labor rates and parts increase. So in terms of your question, the stickiness, will likely be based on wages for workers in the body shop.  So there -- recently a Wall Street Journal article that talked about automotive repair workers, their salaries increased 24% in quarter 4 of 2022 compared to 2018. So 20% over the last year, and that was from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. And making cars be in the same position, the indemnification of the vehicles has also soared since 2018, about 36%.  So I do think we might see some trends like in used car prices as the supply chain issues came through and new, et cetera. That might continue to go down. But I think some of the other things will be part of our new normal.
Susan Griffith: Well, as we attempt to get to our calendar year 96 where there's always levers we can pull, clearly, I'd rather be in a different position where we're spending more money on media and continuing to grow as long as, of course, that would be at our target profit margins. We have a lot of discipline within the company as well in terms of expenses in times such as these. So we -- obviously, we'll continue to look at that for this next 6 months to see if we can get closer to that 96.
Susan Griffith: I'll let Gary weigh in on that. I would say from where I sit, I'm much more comfortable. But again, Gary is independent and does his reserve reviews without my involvement. I hear about that just a little bit before you do. So Gary, why don't you weigh in a little bit.
Susan Griffith: Yes. And all I would say in addition to that is as soon as the House Bill 837 went through, and then we had the subsequent lawsuits that I talked about, we went in and were pretty aggressive and conservative because we were trying to figure out what was estimable and probable. And that will develop over time as those also get settled. So that's not something that we'll know right away because those take a little bit longer to settle.
Susan Griffith: Have you seen that with how nimble we've been with our pricing over the year? As we've seen things we've made changes. We are as anxious as likely our shareholders to grow. But again, we have a very specific core value of profit on a calendar year 96. And so that's a priority.
Susan Griffith: I think it's a little bit less of an issue. I think anytime you have the growth we've had and with the labor environment that has been around for a couple of years, it's a challenge. I will say at this juncture, we are fully staffed in our claims organization. So we feel really great about that and turnover is continuing to go down.  That said, our tenure is still low. And so with that comes just the learning curve from that. And our Claims President is having the newer people definitely are in the office with supervisors because that's really where you learn a lot and you get up to speed very quickly, and we have a lot of processes in order to do that.  But I would say, if you asked me that a year ago, it would be a different answer than today. I feel confident in our claims organization, the action they're taking. And as tenure continues to grow, I think we'll be in a great position for accuracy.
Susan Griffith: Yes, I think you're spot on. We are trying to have more and more of the Dianes, Wrights and Robinsons. We love Sams as long as we can make our target profit margin, but we continue to increase our bundle. And as we think about both auto and property, those bundles are more important. So we've increased our Robinsons over time. And then, of course, we've talked about this in the past, and it's probably worth an update at some point in the next couple of quarters.  The soon-to-be Robinsons. So it could be a Diane that's buying a house, et cetera. So we'll continue to try to be a place for every cohort, but we have increased our Robinsons profile in the last several years. And of course, during times like this, Sams are going to shop more because they're very incented by price.
Susan Griffith: Well, I think -- we don't talk about retention with each of the profiles of our consumers, the marketing tiers. But we do look over time. And historically, Robinsons have fared better. And we find that the more products you have, the stickier you're going to be. And Sams, especially if there's other characteristics to go, can -- last about the same months and haven't varied too much over the years. But although we don't share it, I would say Robinsons continue to be stickier.
Susan Griffith: Well, good question, Tracy. You remember our 96 is an aggregate. So we look at it differently for new business, renewal business. We've taken to the assumptions of our PLE products, state, although it all goes up to 96, which I don't think will change. One, thing, we do look at a really granular level; and two, I think we want to watch this playthrough because some of these changes came about pretty quickly in the delays. And a lot of it is really the shop capacity. And as that starts to open up with the exception of what I talked about with labor rates and probably prices, I think we could be priced adequately and continue to keep our 96 calendar year and lifetime goal. That would be my approach.
Susan Griffith: As long as we look at the data and feel good about where we're at with our combined ratio on overall calendar year and accident year, we will grow as fast as we can. So that has been our objective for a long time, 96, grow as fast as we can. We want to do that. We're a growth company. We feel great about it. But again, profits over growth. But as soon as we feel confident with the little stability and less uncertainty, we are very prepared to grow.
Susan Griffith: Yes. Yes. We don't know how the next 6 months will go. We're going to do the best we can. But again, like you said, if something happens, that is above and beyond that would be different. But yes, we will continue to grow. And in 2024 would be a new year as long as we felt that we had the policies on the book that we believe are at or below our new and renewal targets.
Susan Griffith: Well, we clearly need to get a rate. So that's one part of the formula. We also have really had a lot of restrictions from an underwriting perspective. on new business. And so those are some other things that go into it. We have a line of sight, but again, we'll caveat that by all the comments regarding uncertainty that I've said before.
Gary Traicoff: Sure. Thanks, Tricia. Great question, Jimmy. So overall, yes, I feel really good about our overall reserve position and where we're at right now. To your point, we have had quite a bit of unfavorable development each of the last 6 months. As Tricia pointed out, if you exclude Florida, all of the development would really be coming from accident year 2022 were actually favorable on accident year '21 and prior.  And within accident year '22, over 85% is from accidents that happened in the last 6 months of the year. And a lot of that relates to the fixing cars and the reopen severity that Tricia was talking about. That's fairly short-tailed. We've seen that come through the data, and we have reacted very quickly to it.  And so that gives me a lot of confidence because of the short tail nature of -- or most of the issue was that we're in a good position right now. At the same time, right, I can't obviously guarantee and the data could change going forward, but I feel really good of our current position.
Gary Traicoff: Yes. So that's a good question. So with respect to Florida overall, obviously, the big hit occurred March, April, May. And we've started to see it level out in what's been coming through. Most of June really related to the actuarial adjustments that we took from the reserve reviews primarily related to property damage, third-party fixing cars. So Florida had a very little impact from what we had from the June development.
Gary Traicoff: Yes. Good question. So in June, it was the typical 25% to 30% of reserves that were looked at. The comment related to the 100% kind of goes to the part on the reviews that we do not look at in the month. They still will be inflated or unless -- particularly if they're below the threshold, they will be inflated. And they also will be aged.  They also can change. For example, they become plaintiff attorney rep, et cetera. So the potential every month to have 100% of the reserves adjusted somewhat whether it's by an adjuster or whether it's by inflation or aging exists. In terms of our normal process, we typically stay pretty consistent with that 25% to 30%. I would say the only couple of times we might deviate, in December, in particular, because I'm the opining actuary for the statutory reserves. If we are seeing additional information, we may add a review or 2 to make sure that the statutory companies are in the correct position as of year-end. And then, obviously, for something like Florida when the House Bill passes, we would go in immediately with new information from that and do an adjustment.
Gary Traicoff: So I think Tricia's spot on there. The one thing I would add, Tracy, to your point, the property damage severity that you're showing, that's for all claims, if we stratified and only looked at the reopen severity, which is really where the reserve actual adjustments have come from. The reopen severity is well above and has been increasing over those quarters relative to the 13%, 14% you're seeing.
Gary Traicoff: Yes. We are. So I think to your point, even though the overall is trending down some, the reopen severity, we believe, on the current accident year has been trending up. And so a lot of those actuarial adjustments, both on prior and current year are reflecting the elevated reopen severity. Even though, to your point, the overall has come down, that is a different trend if you just look at only the reopen severity, which is really what's driving a lot of the reserves.
Gary Traicoff: Yes. I think Tricia is spot on there. The only couple of things I'd add from the reserve side is we tend to look at the data off of an accident period basis, right, as opposed to reported calendar information. The accident period data is more smooth, right, on a calendar basis, you can get some movements up or down, sometimes with changes in mix or closures, et cetera.  So on an accident period basis, we're a little bit lower than what that shows. The other thing what Tricia alluded to is there's some large loss mix, et cetera. If you think back to that presentation, that's one of the reasons we employ that reserve threshold. So when our claims adjusters identify those large losses, once it's above that threshold, they put that up immediately. So it's recognized in the reserves. And again, there could be a little bit a timing difference between the accident period and the calendar period, which you would see.
Jim Curtis: Sure. Also a good question. A couple of ways to think about that. There's several dimensions to consider when thinking about mix. So to your point about any type of lag function when we write business, it's in written premium, but doesn't necessarily hit our earned premium mix until it starts to age or get into the policy term.  So we would see on a 6-month basis, roughly 3 to 4 months later, where you start to see your earned premium mix shift. That would work in both ways, periods of growth on new business apps and periods of slowing our new business apps.
Jim Curtis: Yes, I would -- and I would build on that, that the expense does hit immediately. The earned premium mix would -- really would start to see some measure of reaction in our indemnity performance.
Jim Curtis: Sure. We also consider different time periods and just typical when looking at data set, longer time period, more credibility and more confidence we have. We'll look at recent time period as just a leading indicator adjust slowly. My team set sort of our permissible acquisition as an example, and we just go through that exact process.
Jim Curtis: Sure. We measure that by our permissible compared to actual. Actual is defined as our media spend or consumer marketing spend and income and volume apps, with what we believe to be as a sort of heightened dislocation in the marketplace, a lot of shopping, which we hold our conversion level that will drive our cost per sale down. And so in the current period, we'd be pretty efficient. And then it's a matter of managing our media budget to our calendar year position.
Unidentified Company Representative: The one thing I would add to that, just for clarification, we expensed advertising in the period incurred. So all -- on a direct basis, especially -- and you're seeing that come through the expense ratio very quickly.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would just quickly add is that we're not writing a 4-year policy at once, right? We constantly adjust rates to ensure we're hitting our lifetime targets. So to the extent that we have those targets, every renewal of every policy, and we have an advantage with a mix of 6 months policies that we can adjust as we see another card or see another data point in loss costs, et cetera.
Unidentified Company Representative: Great. I just -- we are constantly looking at the assumption to go into our acquisition model. As Jim was mentioning, we use PLE to understand the permissible costs for acquiring customers, and we do that at a very granular level. So you're right. There have been significant changes in policy life expectancy. Obviously, lately, it has been going back up, and we're looking at that at a very granular level and pricing that in over the lifetime of those customers. And to pass point, we have many shots at pricing -- repricing those customers, if necessary.
Unidentified Company Representative: The current accident year, the impact was virtually 0 because those are lawsuits that are opening on claims that occurred pre-HB837. It can't be now because HB837 was in March. So there's some, but predominantly, those were prior year claims. We're also looking closely at what we expect to be some benefit in the environment from HB837 as well. We're looking at the data closely. It will take a while to assess if indeed, we are seeing that. But we personally -- we believe that there is going to be a benefit, and we look forward to pricing in once we see it.
Unidentified Company Representative: So clearly, the new renewal mix is working in our favor right now. The other bigger tailwind is the rate that's earning in. So we've taken a lot of rates. We still have about 6 points in Personal Auto for that rate to earn in. Additionally, we're taking 6 more points for the rest of the year. So the denominator effect is a tailwind for us the rest of the year.
