Glenn M. Renwick: The special lines business, as you know, is just a great business for us and this year -- every year has always got a story with it. This year, it was just a little bit surprising in the sense that the loss ratios ran a little softer, more favorably to margins, pretty much through the entire seasonality of the line. So it's really hard to sort of put a single issue, sometimes weather makes a really easy explanation. But I would just say there we actually had some nice favorable margin results. We don't necessarily think those will be reproduced. We feel good about our pricing, but it certainly also gives us the opportunity to be more stable with those rates going into next season. And as I indicated in my letter, while we're very, very happy with the business, we still think we can actually grow it a little faster than we've been growing the last couple of years and we've got the right rates to do that. So overall, it's just a really good story there. I'm not sure if I'm addressing your question. Commercial is a different story. And I think this is one where perhaps a little bit more what I'll call a classic play, at least we try to make it a classic play from Progressive. We get ahead of rate at least as early as anyone in the marketplace, we think. And commercial clearly started to see some trends, and John Barbagallo gave you some insight to that at the investor relations meeting some of which, frankly, we did some misses on. So we got a lot of that cleaned up in late '12, mostly in '13, with some rates, some better understanding of some underwriting requirements. And it was for that period in time mostly all hands on deck to get the profitability back to where we needed to, so we didn't get out of control there. That's rarely happened. And to some extent, as you can see in the results, that profitability has come back very nicely. We're very comfortable with that. There's probably a very few places we're not interested in pricing away the margins that we have unless there's some very good reasons do it. But there's probably some areas in our traditional sweet spot of commercial auto, which would be business auto and contractors, where we've actually got some results that we think there's room for movement there to be able to get a little bit more growth into the season coming up as we start to get into the new year. And we're making adjustments as necessary, but they're pretty much fine-tuning type of adjustments. The bigger issue on the competitive outlook there is that at least our view, what we see is the market is starting to harden. So the price actions that we took in anticipation of many of the real trends -- yes, we made a couple of mistakes as well, but many of the real trends that we price for seemed to be emerging for others. And for us, that has resulted in a stronger third quarter and we hope that will continue into the fourth and first with regard to unit growth. So the outlook on commercial really is just to fix the problems and now it's actually nice tuning and getting ready for some growth and frankly it's a good part of our business, an exciting one. Special lines is under great control. We just like to grow it a little bit more. We think we've got the rate level to enter next season set very well.
Glenn M. Renwick: Good. I appreciate that question. Yes, I did make some comments so there shouldn't be any ambiguities to how I feel about the reductions that we have seen in new business applications in the agency field. And while words are just words, the most important one is we should never be underestimated there. We have a lot of changes that we're planning to make, and I did state they won't change overnight. Let me focus on the Snapshot. I want to make sure I answer your question. And I'm going to tell you, ahead of time, I'm going to be a little more obtuse than I like to be, simply because we're hitting at a time where we're just starting to come to market and explain to others. So this is not the format to do that about the change. But I've indicated I think in at least maybe the last call and in my letter that we took some changes into the Massachusetts marketplace with Snapshot, and I'm referring specifically to agencies here, and the impacts were very favorable to us. We will release a new version of Snapshot that will be released into the marketplace late this year. December 5 is the first entry and then into next year. Now let me just spend a little time on that because I think it's important. With the amount of data that we've been able to get, now approaching 12 billion miles, we're able to do something that I consider very, very important. We're able to clearly confirm that it is an explanatory variable that can't have a proxy from 3 or 4 other variables. However, we can start to create a reasonable estimate of certain groups that we would expect to get a discount. And to the extent that we can approximate groups that we would expect -- in this case, the expected value of the discount to be within a range, we are prepared statistically to move that forward in the point of sale process. And that is largely a big part of the design that will help agents ultimately have an even more attractive price at point of sale for those people that we think will benefit from the specific driving experience as we relate that. Again, it's an independent variable and explains things on its own, but we can do those true-ups. But we will be able to make intelligent estimates based on the data that we've got today of trying to move that further forward in the process. I'm not going to say a lot more about that until we've had a chance to sort of roll that out and talk with agents and others that are affected in that process, but it's pretty exciting. So while we always knew the discount was there, it's even more exciting to be able to say, "I think, within some reasonable certainty, I can actually give you part of it now and part of it later." And that sort of hedges you back. And there's a true-up process, that can happen if it's not perfect out of the gate and we're not suggesting that it'll be perfect out of the gate, but that's the purpose of having the 6-month monitoring period. That will, in my opinion, change a great deal of receptivity for the agent. So it's a little different than your suggestion of perhaps incenting the agent. Ultimately, we think, long term, the better price to the consumer is what ultimately wins in this environment. It's what the agents want, what we want, it's what the consumer wants. So we'll work primarily from that perspective. Although from time-to-time, we will do things that create a little incentive program. We've actually just come up one in the summer for our agents and those are not out of the question. But it's not what I'll call a primary play.
Glenn M. Renwick: Yes, let's -- maybe, Gary and Brian will provide a more detailed insight into that. It's absolutely correct to see that jump off the page in the Q. It was put there to give you, certainly, a first indication of the volatility of this type of a coverage. I think we've discussed that on many occasions. I will say that this one is going to be just a little tricky to totally explain because as you know, Florida, only a year or so ago was implementing House Bill 119. There are some changes there. As the market evolves, as our procedures evolve relative to what's in emergent medical care. Obviously, the real obvious ones are broken bones, lacerations, emergency room and so on and so forth, we're fine. But there are some others where it's not as clear. So those things are settling down in the marketplace and it may be that the denominator last year was a little different than what the real run rate would be. So again, percentages can be misleading. Michigan had a rough third quarter from a weather perspective and probably had a slight difference in trend in that quarter than it's had for the year-to-date. And all I'm doing here is just meant to -- we'll always tell you what we see. But in this case, it's a convoluted picture and it very much commands our attention. But maybe Gary and Brian collectively can you give you a little bit more insight into the actual trends.
Glenn M. Renwick: Yes. Let me see if I can hit most of those. Both channels. So the changes would reflect both channels. Some of the changes are the sorts of things, and you certainly have had at least as much interest in this as anyone so you'll appreciate it. The algorithms are always, always maturing. In fact, I will be obtuse here in terms of what we're looking at. But I sort of get -- it just feels really cool to me that we're now able to look at things that sort of would have seemed just totally ridiculous to think about few years ago. The kinds of things that we can see in the data, the regularity of certain behaviors that we wouldn't necessarily have even dreamed about a few years ago, we now actually can see and test those hypothesis. So the algorithm is just getting richer. That will be consistent in both channels. To the extent that we have already experienced a very different take rate in direct and agency, what I'm hoping for is that moving the -- or some part of the discount further forward will have a more dramatic effect in agency than it will in direct. I may be wrong on that, it may have equal effect in both channels, but for me the biggest thing is that it does have some effect in the agency channel. That's what we'll be looking for. So from your continuous study of this, you should be thinking about this as how are we maturing the product based on data. Because some of the things we could have done a long time ago but you wouldn't have nearly the certainty that you're headed in the right direction based on the data that we have today and then just the continuous evolution of our algorithm which will only continue to get richer as we put in even more features, including GPS into the Snapshot device which we have -- they had previous experience with but will actually use that more aggressively in the next several years.
Glenn M. Renwick: I'm sorry, I missed your first -- the rollout will be starting in December, but first quarter will pick up momentum for many states and then we'll just keep the rollout going.
Glenn M. Renwick: No, I can comment a little bit on that. Obviously, the chip is a great way to be sure that it's that vehicle and so on and so forth and we're much more comfortable with that as a reliable data set. I think I've said on numerous occasions, I would be just as happy to get out of the business of plugging things into cars. That's not really an integral part of our business. And as cars become moving IP addresses, that will happen. And we are very much, as you would -- could reasonably assume, very much in sync with the manufacturers that are making those kind of changes so that we will be there when that's available. But being out of the dongle business, that's okay by me. The interim of a iPhone or Android device, yes, you're right, we've had that. We obviously, therefore, match it against other data that we feel is reliable and we continually try to find something that we would be as comfortable that the proxy data from a device that may or may not be in the car at the time. It's the same device that's in your pocket when you're landing an aircraft. You're going to get data, but it won't relate to the driving experience. So it's not quite as simple as it would seem. And now we also have other vendors that we've invited to actually participate in a, I would say, a bake-off a little bit to see who can actually do even better than we may have done. So we're very interested in mobile devices. We are not sort of folding the tent on that one, but we're also not going to go with something where we think the approximation to data isn't as good as what we can get barring another source. When that threshold is crossed at some reasonable point, that would be another arrow in our quiver, so to speak.
Glenn M. Renwick: Sure. I think there's maybe 5 points to touch on since most of you know the broad details there. It's all about getting multi-policy households and that is effectively continuing to go up. These are not massive increases on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but it's a great trend and we're very happy with that. We did add our 12th carrier to our PHA program in the last quarter and probably more important than any of those things is ultimately the issue of are we really bundling. So it's one thing to sell a product, but the real question is we were trying to sell bundles of home and auto, and the best measure of that probably we get the cleanest measure from our direct channel. And you could just think about 3/4 of the home and auto are bundled together of those customers. So while we will sell a home policy or a renter's policy, and it may not be with the auto at same time or vice versa, about 3/4 of those policy holders are households ultimately end up bundling. Now the development that will discontinue to take on more and more strength would be our in-house agency where we have relationships with some of the carriers that we offer a homeowner's product to our customers. I'll touch renters in a second, because that's a little bit different. We have, historically, been able to do that in an online mode or perhaps we will actually refer in some cases a customer back to our partner and their call center. We are now adopting more and more holding the quoting relationship inside Progressive and being able to make sure that we use the breadth of companies that we represent. If it's not possible on online mode, then we'll have an in-house agency that will be able to provide the best product. And it may not be as one-to-one, it may be that we have the whole resource of the 12 carriers available or some number of those 12. So the in-house agency is proceeding and growing. And the fifth point I'd make in that arena is the renter's product that we've just taken to marketplace. I think I've said, if I haven't then I'll say now, our aspirations on renters are not about significant premiums, but really getting people stickier with us and having that second product be a very valuable product at an earlier part of their insurance cycle that ultimately leads to the PHA. So we were happy. There's not a lot to report on the renters at this point in time. I think we'll have a lot more to say when we get together in our IR meeting in mid-year next year. Good stuff across the board. And it's still I probably should say it's certainly a place where growth rates for our PHA-type program, which typically is highly aligned with more preferred, growth rates barring excess of anything you see printed as the aggregate. So this is a significant growth part of our business.
Glenn M. Renwick: Correct. Yes, with agents it gets considerably trickier to have more than one. But more importantly than that, we have just a terrific relationship with ASI, and are very happy with them and will continue to work with them. And there are probably things that we, again, we can talk about this time or our IR meeting next year, but there are opportunities for us to do some things with ASI that I think would be quite exciting.
Glenn M. Renwick: Paul, I'm going to refer this to -- there's a couple of folks in the room. So I don't see anybody with a hand in the air with something important to say. So I think that -- and I mean that in a light way, I think that there's nothing that we can sort of pull out that says, "Hey, here is the one thing you can take away from the accountable care act and how its trickled through to our costs. And if you look at the very macro level, while I'm sure on a couple of calls maybe earlier this year I've talked about BI trend which is one that I tend to watch a lot more, maybe 3 to 5. I think you might strengthen that 4 to 6, but I don't know that we can relate that to the accountable care act or any form of reform. The bigger issue that Brian went into in some detail in PIP, I don't think you can sort of relate that to the medical card. That's much more specific to the individual state issues. So I would say nothing dramatic and any small effects, they're never going to be noticeable or detectable.
Glenn M. Renwick: No. I think we've just got some opportunities to really make our bundle work even better than it does today. So the acceptance with some agents is actually very strong. There's no question. This is a place where, unlike most things, we're the ones that are coming into the market a little bit later than some established carriers. But we've got to break in and we've got to make our presence meaningful. I think we've got every ability to do that, but that's not going to be one that we turn around instantaneously. But I would say actually we're gaining with agents on a regular basis and I sort of alluded, and that's all I'm going to do at this point, I think there's a lot more that we can do with ASI to really make our products very attractive as an even more integrated bundle. I like to think of this as not so much 2 products, but starting to sort of present at least to the consumer that this is just the insurance you need. It's sort of our problem to figure out which part of it falls into which line of insurance. And the more we can do that and make this a more viable consumer proposition, I think that's going to be our strength to market and strength with the agents. So being a little bit circuitous on your answer, I don't see any major roadblock there. In fact, agents have accepted this, consumers have accepted it. We need agents to accept it even more willingly. And I think the biggest issue there is they have options. And many of those options are good options. So let's just be realistic about that. We need to come to market with continuously better ones.
Glenn M. Renwick: Yes, it's a little bit of a stumbling block only in the sense that others will pay more, and not so much that we think we're wrong and there are 2 parties to pay the commission. While I'm not going to get out over our skis too much, what we can consider other options, everything can be on the table as we think about a bundle that comes to market where we really, really want to play in this marketplace, but assume that, that will be part of something more comprehensive as opposed to just a tactical reaction to market commissions.
Glenn M. Renwick: We have our target margins. We're very clear about that. You know what those are and when we do better than that, that's good. We acknowledge it. The thing that is always tricky and very easy to see from a macro level is why don't you turn the switch and put it a little bit here, increase growth is not quite that simple. I would just tell you, you should assume that, I for one, am not willing to give away margin unless there is a more than proportionate growth to be had. But in general, as we've said all along, we want to grow as fast as possible at or better than our target margins. So while we're reporting sort of 92 and change year-to-date and for the quarter, we've also given you some indication that there are some trends and severity that are starting to outstrip the frequency declines. So for me, my general outlook and this is very general because states are specific, we have a rate level that can stay in place for a while longer without dramatic change. And that's always a good thing for a consumer versus up and down. So I think we're well positioned as we go into the remaining part of this year, and most importantly, well positioned for the bigger season in the first quarter next year.
Glenn M. Renwick: Kai, not directly. And while if we would ever do something like that, you could reasonably assume there would be fair amount of reinsurance, I also don't overly pick a strategy based on markets that are available today but may or may not be at a different point in time. We will always consider our long-term strategy of being a destination insurer there will almost unquestionably be things we will do over the next several of years. But I'd much rather tell you what those are when we do them. But I wouldn't be jumping to any conclusions about writing homeowners in our paper.
Glenn M. Renwick: Well, certainly in terms of our media mix, it certainly is changing in terms of more of the increase in advertising spend, would be more web-based, social media, et cetera, versus maybe TV per se, although TV still is a very, very large component of our media mix. And I would just say that, in general, we continue to see cost per impressions, CPMs, that media outlets charges continually going up a little bit. And I don't see that necessarily going down, but that's more of a function of supply and demand in the marketplace, but currently certainly CPMs are going up -- still going up a little bit.
Glenn M. Renwick: Actually, the discount will apply to both direct and agency. I just indicated that I think it'll have a little bit more of a marketable effect in the agency environment. So just to clarify that. I'd call it large because it just won't be the same discount for every customer. So there's that kind of notion I went through earlier of expected value. So there will be a large percentage of customers be able to get some form of discount advanced through the point of sale. And in some cases, it might be a larger discount. In some cases, it's smaller. But the number that will likely get some part of the expected discount advanced will actually be significant. And we see numbers far in excess -- and you've sort of seen this, we're not giving out the exact numbers but our indications are that far in excess of 50%, 60% sort of individuals are deserving of the discount that only Snapshot and driving behavior can identify. So those haven't changed.
Glenn M. Renwick: I don't, and I'm sorry. I'd like to be as helpful, but I simply don't. I don't think that's going to change most of what House Bill 119 was all about and how that's being interpreted and reinterpreted through the quote systems. That would be -- that's beyond my paygrade.
Glenn M. Renwick: Yes. We do a lot of decomposition and I'll try to give some color here to be responsive to the question without absolute specifics, but we decomp that. We know some part of it is rate, some part of it is actually some underwriting actions that we have taken, and that will stabilize over time and frankly we're okay with that. But that's a small piece of it. There is clearly some changes in receptivity to some of the more aggregators that we talked about last time on the call. That's a piece of it. But let's not suggest that it's not partly and significantly the competitive environment. We've seen some results from competitors. I'm sure you've seen them. But I'd suggest that they are getting some significant pickup in new business in some cases after a period of not doing quite as well. So it's a competitive environment, one that we've played in for lots of years and we will respond. We will respond, however, without breaking our discipline around what we've always said, we'll go as fast as possible at our target margins. Frankly, I sit here. I was comfortable making the statements that I make. This is not what I like. We've got so much of the business working really well. We've got some new things that we are not ripe to talk about yet, but our agency production in new business is probably the one place that prevented this quarter being an even better quarter because it was pretty good. But we're on it, and there's no question. This is, in the trenches, competition in the agency channel and we've got to come at that with our best tools, new products, new Snapshot design, some multiproduct news with our homeowners partner. All of those things are absolutely happening and as I did indicate in my letter, don't -- those are not things to sort of Tuesday next week it will be turned around, but as we go into '16 -- or '15, excuse me, I think we'll be even better positioned.
Glenn M. Renwick: Yes, I think -- yes, that would be the conclusion I drew because, frankly, we've changed less and then the very early part of the year we were clucking along at some very different rates. So the only way that really happens is if someone comes and introduces some variable, i.e. a price point, that is lower. And we may or may not be prepared to match that price point, but it's not quite that simple. It's more complex. But yes, I'd say the competitive environment has absolutely tried to change our position, our conversion rate in individual agents.
Gary Traicoff: This is Gary Traicoff, Chief Actuary. I just think Brian gave a nice summary. So nothing to add to that other than we think probably that 7% range is kind of what our true underlying cost is.
Gary Traicoff: This is Gary, Chief Actuary. We operate more independently. We're truly looking at the medical and the inflation cost would come in. Obviously, everybody knows what interest rates are, but we're really kind of independent of that.
Gary Traicoff: Yes, what we're going to look at countrywide, obviously, medical costs, CPI costs, things like that. So that does come into play somewhat, but not necessarily what the interest rates are doing.
Brian C. Domeck: Yes. And just since we're on the topic of PIP, I would say, the other thing to note is that while PIP frequency and aggregate PIP is down, there are some jurisdictions, principally Florida, where we are starting to see an increase in PIP frequency and that covers all the geographies throughout the state for the most part. So PIP is very much a state-by-state view and different sort of outcomes in each of those states. But Florida, from both the frequency going up as well as seeing severity going up as well as some of the changes that are in the marketplace as a result, House Bill 119 in Florida very much has our attention these days.
Brian C. Domeck: In terms of how much do we need for growth, we try to target insurance underwriting companies at a 3:1 premium-to-surplus ratio. In most jurisdictions we have that ability. We also have some additional capital at some noninsurance companies. But for the premium growth that we're talking about, and let's call it $1 billion a year or slightly more than $1 billion dollar a year, you might need $400 million of capital for the growth, $350 million or $400 million for the growth at that 3:1 sort of ratio. Then obviously, in terms of our capital management structure, we have the variable annual dividend which is certainly formulaic and it's 1/3 of the aftertax underwriting profit times our gain share. So that amount for the variable dividend obviously can change each and every year based upon both the underwriting margin as well as the gain share factor. I can just let people know as of September month end, if you were trying to calculate what the variable dividend through 3 quarters is, based upon our underwriting profit and our gain share factor, it would be about $0.49 per share based upon 2 or 3 quarters of activity. Obviously, we have the fourth quarter underwriting profit to go and the gain share factor will be finalized in December. But you can calculate the magnitude of the variable dividend based upon that. But those 2 components, the growth, $350 million to $400 million plus the variable dividend, which can change every year. And then, after that, then we have the opportunities for both share repurchases. And so far this year, we've repurchased around $235 million worth of shares. And then, we still believe our current capital position is strong but we feel good about that. It gives us opportunities that we choose to in terms of continuing the share repurchases and then consider other alternatives.
Brian C. Domeck: No. I think just a conscious focus internally to try to keep what we call the non-acquisition costs growing at less than earned premium growth. And I don't think we're going to change that view or philosophy any time soon. I think it's going to continue to be a focus. We know that has an influence on the competitiveness of our rates in the marketplace, which ultimately is how we win. So I think we've done a nice job in recent years. And I don't think there's going to be any letup in there. As Glenn mentioned, the advertising and how much you spend on advertising is a function of how much we think we can spend relative to the yield. And on that front, if we see greater and increased opportunities, we'd be more than willing to send more money on the advertising side and that requires us to keep a focus on all those other costs which we are and we'll continue to do that.
Brian C. Domeck: This is Brian. I just want to clarify, at least, maybe some of my earlier statements relating to capital and how much capital is required. I referenced $1 billion of premium growth, that's approximately what our premium growth has been in the last year. So use that as an example as opposed to saying that's actually what our premium growth will always be. I used that as an example, so I just want to clarify that one.
