Tricia Griffith: Well, thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Anniversaries are natural time to look back on the past, and since this is the first investor call of Progressive's 85th year, I wanted to do just that. We have grown from a scrappy startup trying to find a foothold in the great depression to the tenth largest homeowners carrier, the third largest personal auto carrier, and the Number 1 commercial auto carrier. In just the last five years, our total company-wide written premium has nearly doubled.  Nowhere has growth been more remarkable than in Commercial Lines, which just passed the major milestone of over $9 billion in written premiums on a trailing 12-month basis. We grew commercial auto premiums over 200% in the last five years all while generally achieving a better than average industry profit margin and ended March just shy of $1 million, Commercial Line's policies enforced. It has truly been an incredible run with significant opportunities still waiting to be captured.  Congratulations to the Commercial Lines team, and thank you to all Progressive's employees and customers who have made the last 85 years so extraordinary. Throughout our 85-year history, we've have worked through many hard and soft markets, and we continue to address the hard market we're in today. While some indices suggest the value of used vehicle does leveling or even beginning to decline, used vehicle values are still significantly above those of early 2021. Steady but increasing trend in bodily injury severity has also contributed to the increase in loss cost we've experienced.  Further as a country emerge from the Omicron wave. We saw Personal Auto vehicle miles traveled recover to fourth-quarter 2021 levels, which were in the 9% to 10% range below the pre -pandemic baseline. Our response to these trends have been to reduce marketing expenses, increase underwriting scrutiny, limits bill plan options. And in the first quarter, we implemented rate increases of 7 points in Personal Auto that still in to earn in, which is an addition to the eight points we expecting 2021.  While we're making progress, we still have more work to do to ensure all of our states reach rate adequacy. Our rate and non-rate actions have had the expected effect on Personal Auto growth. While Personal Lines PPIF growth is still positive on a year-over-year basis, sequential PPIF growth is negative. New applications are down year-over-year, and a policy life expectancy is also declining. When we look across all the metrics we track, it seems likely that we're ahead of our competitors and increasing rates, which explains a large part of our slowdown in growth.  As we look forward to the rest of 2022 we're optimistic. As more states reach rate adequacy, we expect to be able to increase marketing spend and re-engage the growth engine. Because of the advantages we believe we have and the way we buy media, we can adjust marketing spend at the local and segment level and in such a way to ensure the new business we write meets our economic goals. And since we believe we are ahead of the competitors in taking right actions, we hope to continue our long-term trend of writing more than our fair share of clubs.  Even as we face these macroeconomic pressures, we have not slowed our pursuit of segmentation superiority. Our U.S. Personal Auto product model is now available in over eight -- in over half the states and is showing early promising results, especially among more preferred segments. We have also further expanded the footprint of our 4.1 homeowners’ product into four additional states in the first quarter bringing the total to 12. Our new normal since the onset of the pandemic has been disruptions in the economy that has buffeted our business. While there are many paths, the future can take, I'm confident in our strategy and our people and believe our greatest successes are still to come in the next 85 years. Thank you. I will take your questions.
Tricia Griffith: We still have some challenges in a few states, including the one you mentioned, and we're working closely with regulators to get the rates that we need. Our desire is to be able to be more open, to open up our bill plan options, to open up or to loosen our underwriting restrictions. And once we get that rate, we can start to have that growth engine move. So we've got a couple of states that we're still working with -- a couple of big states that we've had some success in and why we feel pretty optimistic about the future.
Tricia Griffith: Specifically, in California, it's a little bit how they look back versus perspective. And so I think the data is showing that these are real trends -- inflationary trends, and the need across the industry is very significant, and we want to be open for Californians, and we'll work closely with the regulators. So let's make that happen.
Tricia Griffith: I don't know if there was a huge benefit. Things open up a little bit more, but still vehicle miles traveled and frequency is still both on pre -pandemic levels or do you want to add anything on that. During the early period we did see vehicle miles’ travel drop a little relative to the fourth quarter of 2021, we've seen that since return in March. So a very modest benefit, if any at all.
Tricia Griffith: I think it's more of the entering in and getting the right rate at inception. So we've had a higher percentage of customers that once we have the additional information, we have blocked and they've likely gotten somewhere else because we don't have the accurate information.
Tricia Griffith: Probably, I would say of incoming close, probably double-digit low. Low double digits which is from half that when we were more comfortable with underwriting margin. So what we're trying to do here is ensure that every piece of new business coming in the door is going to be profitable for us. We understand that there is a distribution or on our pricing. So on the tail where we're less sure that we are going to make money, that is where we're going to ask a lot more questions and frequently those questions lead to the customer seeking insurance elsewhere. That has more frequently the outcome than an adjustment in the overall premium because frankly, some customers are looking to achieve a lower premium by not answering the questions accurately. So some of these efforts are focused on that segment. By pushing that segment to our competitors, obviously, we ensure that we're profitable. And to the extent our competitors do not employ such methods, it will affect our competitors adversely.
Tricia Griffith: Well that process significant for a couple of different reasons. So we did grow a double-digits in all of our business marketing carriers, and still are growing significantly in FHT in us for-hire transportation based on still amount. So not good being moved across the countries since the pandemic. In addition to that, about half of that increase came from our transportation network renewals. So we had one of our partners, we went from 6 months to 12-month policies, so that obviously is significant. We increased our projected mileage which is how we compute our premium. So that was part of the increase.  We had rate increases to reflect the inflationary environment and forth, we see this last for us reinsure, so about half that increase wasn't CNCs. So all that said, even if on the commercial that the BMTs that we have now, the five on commercial, even if they slowed down a little bit, the great part about what we've been doing, and you wrote about this, over the last several years, is thinking about the future. So we just are getting going on our BOP, our Business Owners Policy, small business continues to grow. There we have 37 new states are being rolled out and three new states are actually this year.  We have our fleet program where we've expanded the number of power units that we write from 10 to 40. We have the acquisition of protectors from medium to larger fleet. How we think about really, business in all -- at least, Horizon 1 and 2 for now, and ultimately, we will do that and Horizon 3, is, how do we continue to have growth even if maybe one segment of that business may slow down or may fluctuate based on macroeconomic conditions? So I'm excited about all the opportunities in Commercial Lines because we've spent the last four or five years investing in the future.
Tricia Griffith: I probably would dissect all these days, I would say, that we feel pretty positive that, one, we got ahead of competitors, which we think is important -- is a bit important in the past. And we're watching trends closely. I don't -- the crystal ball, I wish we had, would help us, but we'll watch those trends. We still are watching labor rates and some other indicators that could make us to take more rate. I think the beautiful part is we got out ahead of rate that -- our hope is that the rate we take, if we need to, in some states will be less -- will be the smaller bites of the apple that we like to take.  We obviously couldn't do it in this environment because the trends were so dramatically increased. But we think there is a few states we're working on. We think that the majority of the rate actions are behind us, and what we're really thinking about now is when we can pull the trigger on some of that growth. And Pat, and John, and I sit down with the controller from Personal Lines very frequently to talk about return to profit and return to growth, in that order. And what we're looking at is literally state-by-state, channel-by-channel in the auto book and say, okay, if April results come out here, could we reduce underwriting restrictions? Could we open up a little bit of the local marketing? And I talked in my opening comments about how we have the ability to do so in each segment, in each market because of the way we buy media. So it's a complicated question, and there's 50 shades of this and actually a 100 because of the channels and that we're working closely to figure out when to do that. But we feel confident, and of course we had that 7 points to earn in, so more will come to the story, but we're watching things closely.
Tricia Griffith: We saw initially a pretty big increase in the take rate and the agency channel, which has been a challenge with us. So right now we sit at about 40% take rate on the direct channel, about 10% in the agency channel, and this of course is excluding California and North Carolina where we can't use telematics. So that blended amount is about 28% take rate. We continue -- we have surcharges and discounts and of course, participation discount, and we continued to learn from those and really try to make sure that ultimately we try to price to the whole curve. And that's so we will continue to do as our Snapshot evolves.
Tricia Griffith: It's literally been in one state, Oklahoma, for 30 days. We'll have to answer that question of how it's going on -- maybe next quarter or the quarter after that. We'd like to continue it because -- especially as we've thought about the pandemic, it more responsive in changed to driving behavior, and we think we can -- we know the costs have gone down overtime on both mobile and then [Indiscernible], and so we thought it was a good time. And we have high hopes that Oklahoma will be successful, and that we'll continue to roll that out once we have more data.
Tricia Griffith: I think it's a pretty small percentage. It used to be much larger, but I think our technology has gotten so much more sophisticated that more people finished the buy online when they're there. It's a small percentage.
Tricia Griffith: And it's a great question. And over the year as we really spent a lot of time making sure that we think about centralization, and consolidation and having the right file with the right representative at the right time. And we took advantage of the slowdown when frequency plummeted during the beginning of the pandemic to do the same thing on the Commercial Lines side because is it such a different animal. On what I would say is turnover is up, especially with new hires. And we're seeing that game you're seeing across the industry and across with entry-level jobs.  That said, we've had this recruiting machine that is just amazing, and it has enabled us to really continue to hire at a rate that helps us to get out in front of our growth. So we want to make sure that people, are not just here, but they are trained and can do the right thing on behalf of our customers. I think one of the things that I am proudest of that we didn't do, was to reduce our claims for us during the pandemic, we were severely overstaffed for several months. And Mike Caesar, who was the client is President of time and I made the decision that we just couldn't do it, that we knew that this was for the country not for our company.  And that allowed us to have staff waiting and available when things picked up. So we're going to continue to hire in advance of need and benefit claims and CRM side. Make sure we have the right training in both the virtual and maybe sometimes in office environment. We also look at in this group reports to John [Indiscernible] our internal audit group looks at the quality of the files and we have seen continued good results in there in that.
Tricia Griffith: I -- you cut out, but I think what you're saying is we -- are you using that in the claims process. That's something we'll definitely consider as we think about continuance, we'll think about other services and claims could be one where we could actually help with the investigation should our customers have that Snapshot device.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah, thank you, Scott. I said -- so Sam's have always been defined as shoppers, and so they are very expensive. And so we know that our attention is going to be less when we crank up rates on the auto side, and that has proven to be true. And we've had less of a retention far in the Robinsons side. From the home perspective, we've been clear on our desire to de -risk and to get more of our nonvolatile storm states more in the 2/3 of our book versus the 50% it is now. This quarter we'll start to non-renew the policies that we talked about in Florida, about 60,000 policies over the next year.  And we continue to try to de -risk our portfolio. With property, it takes a little bit of time because there are 12-month policies, and it's also reflective of industry pricing. I think you've seen the storms that have happened in March and now again in April. A lot of it has to do with growth. Could be that right now, it's still a competitive market because everyone has increasing rates. But we're going to continue to increase rates and try to stay ahead of that trend and to de -risk our book a bit.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean, our desire is to grow in the non-volatile state, so we're taking actions to do so with more agents that are able to sell our property book. So it's hard to say. Again, that'll be relative to what our competitors do. And in addition, I talked a little bit in my opening comments about our increased use of deeper segmentation in the property products. We believe we have industry-leading segmentation auto side where our R&D departments were closely together to get that same level of segmentation in homes. I think that'll be really important.  And in many of the states that -- we still have a decent amount of policies and we've been able to have higher deductibles, have cost sharing. And so that -- this was not treated as a maintenance policy that -- just wait for that hailstorm to come and we'll replace your roof. And so those are some of the other things that we've changed. I can't really look out into the future and know how we're going to grow in a non-volatile space, but that is our approach. And I think it will take some time.
Tricia Griffith: Oh, yeah. I do think our brand would have us win in the marketplace and doesn't always have to be this lowest rate, especially for people that have had experiences with us. I remember years ago, when I ran claims, we had really high NPS for those people that had claims because of the way we treated them when they needed us most. So yeah, I think that makes sense. And when we look at the difference between agency and direct, as far as PLE, we see that Direct has gone down a lot, and we think that has to do with some brand. So what Pat and I talked about is really state-by-state, and we'll do some sensitivity analysis of if we turn on local marketing by X Amount X plus X plus, what we think could happen to new apps, etc.  We will only do that if we're sure we're in the position to start that growth again. So we are as anxious as anyone. We did not like having new business app negative. We want to grow. We want to grow as fast as we can, but again, profit is one of our core values, and that will trump growth. But let me tell you, these conversations are happening every day, and when we turn it on, we will feel all pretty confident that we're in a good position to do so. Of course, things can change, and we'll always be -- we have to be nimble with those changes, and we we'll be able to do that based on the data that we look at literally daily.
Tricia Griffith: That's follow-up and data. So we watched as the rates earn into the loss ratio, and we have a couple of big states where we were able to get rate pretty quickly in on mainly, Texas and Florida. And so those are two big states for us. And so we'll watch those states closely to see when we think it's the right time to grow. And again, we're watching all the macroeconomic factors that are going into the inflationary pressures specifically with collision and property damage to make sure those down continued to increase. I think of labor rates and items like that's the will watch those close to make sure we have the right amount of rates to start the growth.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So we've launched we watched the Manheim Index pretty closely, and even though there is a couple of data points that say it's flattened or maybe even gone down, it's still 35% higher than January of 2021. So there hasn't been a step function change and a drop in used car prices. In addition, we know accidents are happening at a higher rate of speed, so there's more damage. We know that parts are up over 12%. Labor is only being up a couple of percentage points. We're watching that closely just because of watching the unemployment environment and how tough it is to hire in the industry and tax in the industry.  And then, because of body shop capacity, we're also seeing rental car extensions of several days. And so all those things go in some play when we think about severity on both collision and PD, and that's why they're higher. I feel pretty good and pretty stable on the BI side. In the last four quarters, it's been in the 6% to 8% range. We'll continue to watch that. We have -- we've seen a little bit of a turning rep rate, increase some of the general damages, which are the non-medical damages increase. But we feel that that's, at least, stabilized over four quarters, but we'll watch that, of course. But those are the big drivers that go into the extreme severity trends in collision and PD.
Tricia Griffith: The severity view? I think we're just looking to see if we can -- the severity will be what it'll be in terms of what's happening from an inflationary perspective, so we're just pricing to that, and when we believe we can make our calendar year and lifetime target mark -- as the profit margins will start to grow.
Tricia Griffith: Not really. We see the same sort of bottlenecks in supply chain with kits that happened before what's happening in Russia and the Ukraine, and so there's still some supply issues there, especially with new cars and that has of course increased used car prices, but that was prior to this.
Tricia Griffith: That's also state-by-state as well because if you got west there's issues in terms of fires, etc. So I think we look at each day, look at proclivity to have a major weather events. Understand our segmentation more deeply. And then we will look around. It's a competition on both direct and agency side, so we've got not just the agency side where we sell Progressive home against some of the captives or bigger players. But we also have the Direct side where we have the opportunity to have Progressive Home as well as many unaffiliated partners. And so we have some advantage to get Robinsons, they're not always on our paper as well. But we look across the country, try to get -- we're trying to get to the more non-volatile states. We believe when we look at our results against the industry and non-weather in those states, we're very competitive.
Tricia Griffith: I think our seasonality has been relatively stable as it has been in the past. I'm not saying we're winning, Tracy. What we're saying is that we believe we got out in front of our competitors with rate from the data that we look at. We're watching trends very closely. A lot of caveats to that. And all we're saying is that with the rate we have from last year and the rate that we have on the street. We believe we're well-positioned. Again, lots of caveats on making sure that we have enough and that we can grow in turn on that local media. So and maybe in a quarter or two we can have a different conversation helpful, but right now we're still tentative, but we wanted to just give some color on the fact that we're really proud of our rate-making machine and that we're able to get out in front of that despite a lot of headwinds.
Tricia Griffith: We look at the data, and we look at perspective rates in terms of what we're seeing in trends. And if we need more, even states where we have already increased rates several times, we will share the actuarial data to get the right rate, to get to our profit target margin. And that's how we've always worked. And I think regulators are thinking about their constituents because of all the other inflationary pressures. But this industry has been very clear. It needs rate -- has needed rate for some time since last year. And now we feel good that we're starting to get it in many of our larger states.  So I'm just optimistic because we were able to have great conversations, great relationships in a couple of key states and many states across the board with key regulators where they get it. They see the data. They understand it, and they know the worst thing you can do is not give the rate because then, you're not going to have insurance available for their constituents and ultimately, you're going to have to get the rate. So it's going to be, over time, there will be bigger rates in the future. So I think that's how it works. And so I am very optimistic.
Tricia Griffith: No. We have a very specific goal of not subsidizing and to have every one of our products in aggregate common to our 96 combined ratio goal.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah, we're working with the regulators and doing all that we can because we want to be able to open up, and we want to be able to have affordable, available insurance for California and just -- most populous state, we'd love to grow there, and we'll do what we can to do so.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. We're taking very significant non-rate actions because of the inability to get the rate. And obviously we will work with the regulators to figure out the best thing to do for our mutual constituents and we just need to continue to do so.
Tricia Griffith: It really does reflect the pricing environment. And I talked a little bit about the difference in agency and direct with agency being a little bit more elastic. And when we look at PLEs, Texas and Florida, they obviously don't drop as dramatically, which would tell you it's pricing because we got out in those two big states pretty early. I think that our holy grail is retention, but we also have to be priced right.  And we also noticed some consumers are trying to figure out, can they change their coverages or do things differently or as Snapshot and things like that to reduce their prices. So I know in our CRM organization we continue to try to grow what we call our customer preservation teams. So if they call in and they are challenged to pay their bill because of increases. Can we work with them on bill plans, on coverage to make sure they are obviously still covered, but to get them the right rate in order for them to stay? But it is it is reflective on the majority with prices.
Tricia Griffith: Probably point to average written premium growth with the pricing increases coming in. And I think that's reflective of our new business growth in overall growth.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. I would direct you back to our four strategic pillars that we talk about all the time we make sure we invest in all the time and I have seen our strength there. So the first one is our people and our culture are our most important competitive advantage. So during the pandemic, we have really made sure that we are connecting even, if it's the virtual to our employees, like continue to do every new hire class. I am out and about virtually and now more in-person, but people and culture are really important. And it's important for people to feel good about being on a winning team. The second we've talked about a lot is our brands.  So we're going to continue to invest in our brands and have some really great creative coming out end of this month or early June. And then of course, competitive prices, we've been talking about that for the last hour, we want to get to where we're really competitive. Some part of that is getting the right rates. But it's also that continuation of our superior segmentation and making sure that we care deeply about expenses. So we continue to create expense goals for the future. And then lastly, and John have brought this up, is our broad coverage, so we're going to continue to be where, when, and how customers want to shop. And I think that's the key. So regardless of the people entered independent agency channel or the direct channel, we've been in both for a long time, we appreciate both. We appreciate the fact that consumers have a choice that if they want to buy on their phone, their iPad, through an agent, through 1-800 Progressive, and we're going to be there as they change, especially if we've invested more in business closed floor on the commercial side of HomeQuote Explorer. So all those four strategic pillars really worked hand and glove to make sure that we stay competitive. I feel really great about our position in both channels and how we think about the future.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah, we'll look at timing of when to start, when you ramp up some local advertising. Remember, we haven't shut off our national advertising, so it's not like our brand isn't out there, so we still have some ability to grow. But yeah, we'll look at the pivotal time or right time of when we should start that growth, making sure that the rates in each particular state are adequate for us to reach our target profit margins.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. Not really sure if we know that. But I think what John was saying too, in terms of elasticity, our renewals are improving on the elasticity side, which tells us that and we do histogram on decreases or increases, to a certain percentage or buckets of percentages. And we're seeing more people even if they are shopping, they're staying when they get their renewal, which likely means they can't find a better rate. That's the only thing we can look at. What's in data, but it's hard to say with all of the economics is going on in the country.
Tricia Griffith: Yeah. I mean, I think our standard and our operating policy hasn't changed. And remember for reporting and 94.5%, we're still looking at perspective rates and we're looking at trends, that will be future over 96% if we don't do some. So the data is in a moment in time we're looking at rate need ahead of time to make sure that we put that good business on the books for both a calendar year, '96 and a lifetime '96, I think those constraints, as you call them, I mean, I think I'd call them just our operating plans have worked well over the years. And in fact, the first time we talked about '96 was in our annual report, 1971 and when we went public.  And it's worked really well for us. If you look at our long-term trend, it's nice to have that Governor, it helps keep us disciplined around our pricing, helps keep us disciplined around our expense philosophy. And it has built us to the number three, and our Personal Auto carrier. And I can tell you when I started in 1988, we were nowhere there, so we will continue with that of course '96 is in the aggregate, so it doesn't mean that obviously our new business on the direct side wouldn't come in at a '96 and there's other areas where we aggregate are up to the 96. And I think it's been a great winning business model.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I think it depends on if you're looking at the trailing three or trailing 12. I think trailing three as more responsive to our rate increases. And so like I'd started to say before, we saw early results with our retention in some of the states where we took increases more quickly. When could still seeing a little bit of degradation again, a lot of that is relative to what our competition is doing. So if you're getting your renewal and you're stopping and rates are going up. And again, that's why we tried to get ahead of rate.  Because if we can be stable, which is what consumers want and they go to shop and now it's much more increased with our competitors, they're going to stay with us then of course, the new business we've been talking about for a while. So we keep a close eye on retention, especially because we've been really proud of the work we've done today over the many, many years. But we'll watch that closely and do everything in our power to keep our customers that we've taken so much to acquire.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks, Tricia. I would only add to that. Obviously, the environment is pretty dynamic right now, and we continue to search out for good opportunities that would create long-term value for the portfolio, but always with a focus on Number 1, protecting the capital, and then getting the best total return that we can in the portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: It's important to recognize a lot of these decisions are made locally, so we are product managers who are responsible for geography and products, and they are obviously adjusting rates with their view and the pricing team's view of future loss trends. They take the rates up. And while they are fairly confident that the projections are right, normally, you are going to want to see some results come in before you open up the [Indiscernible] on new business side. That said, there are -- in geographies now where we have done that.  But there are also a lot of geographies where we have either not gotten the rate we need, such as some of the large states we mentioned earlier or we're still a bit tentative on understanding if we have taken enough rate such that we can open up the [Indiscernible]. So it really is a day-to-day [Indiscernible] geography level decision on when to turn advertising back on, when to loosen the underwriting. But again, I think one of the strengths we have is that team of product managers who are considering everything locally and making the best call, again, on a day-to-day basis. So it's not something we can predict at the aggregate level. It's going to come down the state level decisions, and we're confident we are going to be making right ones in each state at the right time.
Unidentified Analyst: And we have great and broad distribution network in those non-volatile states that are quite committed to Progressive as a company they use in their offices. So our independent agents across those non-volatile states ensure a lot of Robinsons. So we have access to a lot of that business, and we're going to spend more time going after it. I know you excluded Florida in the south [Indiscernible] in the question, but it's really important that there are solutions in those states that are viable for consumers and the industry.  And it has been very challenging in some of those environments, and so we're working with regulators and legislators to find solutions because Florida, specifically, right now is a very disruptive market. Pat was talking about the liability of depreciating a roof from Florida. It -- you must offer a full replacement value on your roof in Florida. So it's very difficult to find solutions for homes that have older roofs, that are not up to code. So we hope to, obviously, growing in the non-volatile states. We also hope for solutions in some of those cap current states that are, again, amenable to both consumers and the industry.
Unidentified Analyst: -- I don't like to give too specific, but I would think in broad swaths, if you look at March, 2022, in terms of where investments were, inclusive of treasuries, there was about 2.5% and taking that out on either side of 3%. Generally, if you think about a portfolio with a three-year duration and our size, I would think about it every 12 months, anywhere from $6 billion to $8 billion of that portfolio rolling off.
Unidentified Analyst: Just to reiterate a couple of parts made earlier in response to that question. We do see different use to study bear consumer segments. So on the more preferred end, less elastic and more non-standard or Sanmen far more elastic. So that obviously plays itself through. And for the change. Additionally, as Tricia noted earlier, we do see a difference by channel. So some of that's because our agents have access to other markets and light proactively shop. But we also think there's some brand benefits. So we do see less degradation in the direct channel than we do in the agency channel.
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of other comments on that. We did mention we still have seven points of rate to earn in, in our Personal Auto programs, so some of the rate we've taken has not yet affected the policies. We report the written premium change, so the earnings will affect combined ratio, more so down the road. But if you look at the change in new average written premium versus renewal, you'll see renewal is up significantly more. So as we take revisions that are predominantly base rate revisions, those will flow through directly to all our renewal customers.  On the new business side, people shop, so we won't see all that average written premium benefit for new customers perhaps at any time when we are taking rates up. So there are some timing issues there, but we're also cognizant of the new renewal mix and how that flows through in terms of the total average premiums. We think the rate we're taking is definitely earning into the book. It's being accepted by consumers actually at a little higher rate than we've seen historically, which is also reflected. We think of the market conditions. So we think the actions we're taking are absolutely resulting in the outcomes we're expecting.
Unidentified Analyst: No, we're obviously managing through a calendar year, '96 or better, so we have that as an objective function for sure, as do big product managers. But if they've taken rates up to where they think the lifetime combined ratio for new customers they are writing is adequate, they will likely air towards growing more. There is the consideration of the calendar year combined ratio for sure as well, but generally, if they think the new business customers they're writing today are adequately priced over their lifetime, they will be happy to go for growth.
Pat Callahan: I think that's exactly what we do, is when we want to be certain, we've got all the underwriting characteristics accurately reported, we will have some additional follow-up questions for customers, both at new business and then occasionally at renewal. Additionally, we will put restrictions on how open we are from a bill plan perspective and other things. Just as we look at overall profitability, we want to make sure we're getting the right rate for our new business customers at inception.
Pat Callahan: Yeah. Happy to talk about that. So part of the segmentation that we need to enhance in the property side of the business is on the age of the home and the age of the roof primarily. And we've just got better segmentation that we're bringing in as we expand that product over time, there's also some coverage expansion that agents have asked for, but primarily it's understanding the risk better and recognizing that the majority of our losses are coming from damage to the roof on that home and capturing both the age of the roofs and or the age of the home or in most cases, both, helps us better rate and better underwrite.
Pat Callahan: Yes, it certainly varies by state what we can offer. And when we talk about a market like Florida that limits our ability to price a depreciated roof accurately. That's one of the challenges that we see in a market like Florida, but we do offer a depreciation or effectively a roof depreciation schedule for customers, so they're not, I guess, incentivized to have that roof replaced when it's old and there's damage to it.
