Tricia Griffith: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Here's how we're thinking about growth right now, which is somewhat different and somewhat alike last year. So we went into 2023 feeling like we had the right rate in the system. Clearly, as the year unfolded, and we realized that inflations were still going up, so they hadn't abated, and we needed more rate. So our sole concentration last year was to get the right rate on the street. And we feel like we're in a really great position right now. So if you think about the overarching belief that we have the right rates in the system, and we believe we do now understand there's all the caveats about we don't have every state. We're still working with some states to get rate. But for the most part, we feel really good about our rate. This is how we're thinking about growth, really sort of the trifecta. So we have a continued hard market. Ambient shopping is still up. So we know our competitors are still getting rate. So those customers are shopping and we're able to get that at a really inexpensive acquisition cost. Then we also know that we're unraveling a lot of our non-rate actions, our underwriting actions. We talked about that a little bit in November, but we're going to continue to do that. And then really the third part of that trifecta is our ability to be able to spend a lot on media. So we are really excited about heading into 2024. Obviously, my whole theme for the annual report was uncertainty. So, or the letter I should say, is uncertainty. We feel much more certain and much more confident we will watch as the data unfolds, and we're pretty excited. The one caveat I would say, Mike, is when we're starting to look at first quarter of this year, versus first quarter of last year, you're going to see some really odd comparisons on new App growth. So we are growing new Apps like crazy last year. In fact, on the Direct Side, our new apps were up 93%. Overall, in Auto up, I think, like 83% or 82%. So huge comparisons if you're going to compare it to this quarter. So keep that in mind as this quarter closes, we believe it will smooth out over the year, but that's something we should just make a note of.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean I think our continuous product model is our secret sauce. Over the years, I think we've sort of shared not in a lot of detail, but how, each model sort of adds segmentation and gets us to where we want, especially with the preferred customer. UBI is a big part of it and has been for a long time, and that will continue to be and why we're investing more and more into our latest product model, which is our continuous. I think with the Florida added this year, we're at about 70% continuous, and we're learning a lot from that. And we'll be able to do a lot for our customers as well. So maybe at some time when we do some of the deep dives, we can share a little bit more about how we think about our [indiscernible]. We're never going to share a secret sauce because that is just that. But we literally have our R&D departments working in both Personal Lines, Commercial Lines and Property, nonstop, thinking about the next mode to just get that extra piece of data to understand how it correlates to loss costs.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I would say back to more historical levels. We've had a couple, several rough years where we've had to pull back on media I mentioned that in my letter. They've been incredible. We have a media machine, a marketing machine and both are working really well, and we want to leverage that. We're not going to spend if we don't think it's efficient. When I talked about our growth in sort of the trifecta, we're getting a lot of ambient shopping still, and we'll continue to watch that. However, we think there's an opportunity to kind of open up the spigot and get more business in the door. We feel like we're in a really prime time now, especially with our rates. So while we're not going to share our full budget we believe we can spend assuming all things with our pricing is right and we get pricing and some rate in some of the states that we need, I think we'll be able to spend a tremendous amount to really leverage what we think could be a great growth year.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think that has to do a lot with timing. So a lot of our competitors have increased rates as well pretty substantially. So there's a sort of a time frame. I don't know exactly when that is. But right now, we believe, we are able to take market share. Again, there'll be some, at some point, there'll be stable rates throughout the industry and there'll be less shopping. Really, the key for us in terms of market share will be to grab as much new business at or below our target market -- target profit. And really, the holy grail is retention and keeping those customers. So the key this year for us because we've had so many years of rate after rate is to have some stability for our customers. They deserve that. We want that. Of course, we'll watch the trends, and we'll have to react to those trends. But I'd like some stable rates because I think if we've got the new business coming in the door and then people staying with us, that is a huge win. And then, of course, Robinsons, we've continued to grow. We're excited about continuing to invest in our HomeQuote Explorer and the Progressive Advantage Agency. Working with great partners in that.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I think any time you have an economies of scale, you'll be able to push down the expense ratio. We're always trying to balance out our expenses with investments and what the customers want. So digital and other things like that. So the bigger you get, I think the more you can, whether it's brand or expenses you can push on that, but we have been investing a lot in digital for our customers, and we'll continue to do that. One of our other pillars, and we talked about broad coverage today is competitive prices. And the two parts of competitive prices are really what we talked about a little bit earlier with Mike's question, that's segmentation having industry-leading segmentation. Understanding rate to risk. And the other is expenses. And we are constantly challenging ourselves to what's that right balance of investing, but getting those economies of scale. We'll continue to work on that for as long as I'm here for sure. And as long as John Sauerland is for sure.
Tricia Griffith: I can let Pat take that. I mean we, our commissions have been pretty stable and we have different structures depending on if we have a Platinum agent and some other programs we have with different agents I think, I don't want to speak too specifically to our competitors because they also ebb and flow.
Tricia Griffith: I don't think you're going to expect as much of a different trend in PIF than New Apps. New Apps were up just so much. Like I said, 92% in direct, 83% overall. It was just a tremendous quarter and we actually tried to slow growth. So you're just going to see a little bit of a negative trend. But I think PIFs, of course, are not just new apps or also our retention. And our preferred year to growth is unit growth because as you've seen over these years where average written premium can go up and down, that's where you want the unit growth to be able to have that stable value company.
Tricia Griffith: It's pretty good on our book. Yes, I would, anything with -- that begins with one and another number, I'm pretty impressed with PIF growth with the book of our size.
Tricia Griffith: No, I think we're seeing competitors reenter the market, and that's why we believe it's a good time. We're still seeing, like I said, some ambient shopping, but I think it's going to be a really competitive year for everyone, and we're excited about it.
Tricia Griffith: I mean we want to grow as much as we possibly can while we make at least $0.04 of underwriting profit. So we're going to continue, we're not going to have a ceiling with that. What we will do is understand the addressable market. And kind of go across both, all of our lines of business to understand where we need to invest, where we need to, where we think we can gain more share. And that's really why we diversify. That's really why we've had the HomeQuote Explorer, BusinessQuote Explorer, AutoQuote Explorer to be able to gather more market share, be transparent for our customers and give them an easy way to shop and save even if it's not with us. That's also one of the reasons why years ago, we set a construct together that we used this McKinsey construct that were called the Three Horizons. And the first one is execute. We've been working on that since 2016, 2017, and that is execute the heck out of growing or getting as much on private passenger auto and commercial auto and home business that we can as long as we're making money. And we've done extraordinarily well. They're obviously surpassing $61 billion in premiums for 2023. The second horizon is the exciting part in Commercial Lines where we've been growing our BMTs there, but we also have some expansion coverage that we're excited about. We just entered our 45th state with Florida last week. So very excited about that. We obviously bought Protective to have larger fleets. We're now calling Protective just so you know, Progressive fleet and specialty. And of course, our TNC business. So those ancillary products that where we believe we have the right to play and the right to win, and those have been really exciting expansion for Karen and her group. And then Horizon 3 is a little bit further afield, but those are some products that we believe will fit unmet customer needs and you think kind of longer-term out. So we're constantly in a cycle of three years, five years, 10 years. And in fact, we have our Board retreat later this week to outline how we intend to continue to grow market share across the board and do so in a profitable manner. So we're excited about the future. We're excited about the position we're in at this point given the extreme amount of uncertainty in the last four years. And if there's any team that can do it, it is the team here in Cleveland, Ohio.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we're, it's typical, some of the typical states you've talked about on the coast, think of New Jersey, New York, California on the direct side. We just got a plus 20 on California agency. So that is a good move towards that. We're having continued conversations because this is really about the consumer. We want to have availability for each consumer to be able to get the coverage they need to protect the things that they love. And all we want to do is try to make $0.04 of underwriting profits. So we're going to continue to work with each insurance department to get the rate that we need and then be fully open and available for those consumers.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I don't forget about our other lever, and that is opening up and unraveling our non-rate actions. So we've got a couple of different things in play, and that's the reason to believe, and our reason to believe that we can capture a lot of market share this year. So that's another avenue that we've continued to do since late last year.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I would say the January decrease. The majority of that was Florida. Most of the other states were pretty tight. Again, it's one month, and we will let that year play out. Gary's team looks at a lot of data each and every month just to make sure were adequately reserved, and I'll let his team do that. It's very separate from. And I'd like Gary do the right thing on behalf of the company, but I wouldn't read too much into January. It's obviously, we're pleased to have favorable development, but it was mostly Florida.
Tricia Griffith: It's really hard to size because I think I feel like we've never been tighter in our non-rate actions than we were last year. Again, it's hard to quantify because there's a bunch of different actions we'll do, and we'll do some on different products, different states. It could be different in channels. So it's hard to quantify. I think if you want to have a quicker reaction, the media spend does that. But it's hard to discern exactly what would go into each. What we do know is we were really tight trying to slow growth, making sure we got rate in the system and now we're able to unwind that. But we're not doing it full bore. We're doing it very logically to make sure that we reach our target profit margins.
Tricia Griffith: I don't know historical at the top of my head, David, but we're pretty excited about both the trailing three and trailing 12 PLE and where we are from a month. And we sort of have internally, David here that we talk about the value of one month of PLE to our lifetime earned premium. I think we're pretty high.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean, I like the fact that severity seemed to moderate a little bit. And so we're hoping that it's a little bit benign. When you look at, last year, we were affected by fixing cars, and that seems to be a little bit calmer. So I think auto parts inflation is nearing 0 and auto services is in the kind of mid-single-digits. So we're, that's how we're thinking about it. We'll obviously watch if something changed as they did last year. But I'm thinking, I think benign and kind of moderate is what I would say from a severity perspective. And I feel the same way with [indiscernible] right in the 8% to 10%.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I really can't share that because it's different with each state. We're in the midst of talking to the departments and showing our verification for needs for those rates. All I can say is that we'll get what we need to, to be at our target profit margins, or won't be able to be as open, which is like I said, unfortunate for consumers. For the rest of the country, we feel good at the rate we have gotten for the last several years. And so that's really what we're focusing on in addition to the conversations and negotiations with our departments.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think we're trying to make sure that, well, there's Robinsons everywhere. So there could be a different value of the insurability of homes, et cetera. But yes, I think that, obviously, because Robinsons have a property feature to them, and we are getting into more nonvolatile states growth. You'll see Robinsons growth in those states over time. But it will take some time. I mean we were still in the midst of moving our book a little bit away from Florida, as we discussed with our 115,000 non-renewals that actually we set notices out in January, and those will start to non-renew into another company that we're working with to take those should they want them in May, of this year. But yes, we're if you read all the data of our PIF growth, our premium growth and our new app growth in nonvolatile versus volatile, we are ahead of plan, but still a long way to go. But we should grow Robinsons in those areas for sure.
Tricia Griffith: It was mostly floor to kind of across the board, a couple of different things. Some were some settlements on glass, some from House Bill. So there was a couple of different inputs to the release, we are feeling positive about the tort reform change in Florida. And we're starting to see a little bit of that. I don't want to get ahead of my skis with that. But we believe, especially the new comp negligence law should be very helpful. But again, we'll watch that really closely because it's still new, and there's a lot of things that can unfold, but we're positive about the changes that have been made in Florida.
Tricia Griffith: I don't, if I were looking at frequency, I would look at it more on the trailing 12 over current 12 and about 2% because there's a lot that goes into the data that you saw from this quarter in terms of mix. So John talked about that a little bit. We were really tight with our underwriting. So our mix of business is more preferred which causes less frequency of accidents. You'll hear this a lot. But since we're changing to a Gregorian calendar, there is a little bit of data in there. And then, of course, weather in December was really benign. So I would think that, and of course, we can't predict frequency or severity. But I would be thinking of frequency as more of reverting back to our normal trend ex-all COVID, et cetera, the last 60 years, frequencies continue to decline a couple of points every year.
Tricia Griffith: Well, there's a lot of things that went to that. I'm trying to think of, I was just thinking of January, too, because some of the weather in January was actually nonvolatile. So there's weather just across the board here and there, nothing big with cats. But I would say a lot of things went into 2023. We didn't have the right rate. We're still working on our segmentation. We really in earnest just started to be able to de-risk especially in the really volatile states. And I think all those things together kind of put us where we were at the end of the year.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We are very, we are, it's a very important thing for the relationships to make sure that their proprietary data is just that, and we don't share it within other places of Progressive. So as an example, there's a company we've worked with for a long time. They're a great partner, and we actually bifurcate the monthly reports, the data because we think that is really important for everyone to have their algorithms and same with ours.
Tricia Griffith: Well, if you're talking about expense ratio, I would look, I probably look more directly at our direct expense ratio because that's we're going to hit some of the marketing spend. And it's pretty low, especially compared, maybe this isn't the right comparison. Especially compared to January of last year, it was like 4.5 points lower. So there will be pressure on the expense ratio. Even though the marketing spend will be efficient just because it's out there. And you'll see that I would follow the direct spend. If you look at December's direct loss ratio to January. I think December was a little bit over 12%. So you're going to start to see that when we put our media budget into play.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So for the, let me kind of talk about Commercial overall, and I'll get into the TNC part. So -- for our core commercial business, I feel much more positive where we are from a combined ratio perspective, especially with 16 points yet to earn in this year. And then I talked a little bit about some expansion products that we talked about like in Horizon 2. So think of Progressive Fleet, think of TNC, think of our BOP. Those do put a little pressure on our core business, but we think it's important to invest in them. The TNC, we've continued to strengthen reserves, as you saw last year, and we'll have some rate increases that go into play significant ones this quarter. So we feel much better about it. And if you go back we have 20 states total between the two companies that we work with. But if you go back to where, we started with our first state in 2016. That knowledge that we've learned in the TNC business has really helped us. So each state is a little bit different depending on the maturity level of that. And a lot of what happened last year with the reserve strengthening, happened to be in two states, New Jersey and California and in coverages of UM and UIM. So that's where we're working to get the right rate to make sure we can reach our profit margin.
Tricia Griffith: I mean I think right now, customers are looking for price because it's gone up so much with everything else. So people do you like to bundle because you can also get a discount in most companies. The hard market for me I really equate to more just overall shopping. Just people get their renewals and they shop and can have we already got the rate in the system to get them. So we want to get auto, we want to get home and we want to get the bundled regardless of either one. Obviously, we care a lot about the bundle. But it's really, I think customers dictate the market based on the trends they're seeing in their bills.
Tricia Griffith: No. We continue, we'll continue to grow. We've expanded our own fleet before Protective from 10 power units to 40 power units. We continue to expand. We continue to work on the integration of the acquisition, we feel positive about the acquisition. And we have some rate in the system definitely for a Progressive Fleet, but nothing really more than that to share.
Tricia Griffith: The commissions are just that. There's just commissions that come in the door that we've agreed with the companies and then there, of course, rating their auto or their home based on their rating algorithm.
Tricia Griffith: I think well, you saw what was outlined in the K with the Aggregate Program. And then our CAT Tower Program is up for renewal in June, and we're working on that. Right now, actually, two of the people are in London, talking with our reinsurers, we feel like we'll have some positive results come the June renewal.
Tricia Griffith: No. I think what allows me to think about is being able to continue to grow there and not have so much litigation that puts pressure on the rest of the book. We still had, when we think about the de-risking of the Florida property book. Half of those were rental properties, coastal properties. Those are things that I feel like we should have de-risked anyway regardless. So I think you would do that anyway, and I wouldn't go back from that. I mean I think the reforms will be good overall just for the structure. And of course, again, I don't want to get out ahead of my skis, I want to kind of see how it pans out. But yes, I think that's what I would say. So we're seeing some small data signs that we believe it's good. Again, I want to give it some time. I want to de-risk the book. And right now, we're open for business really in sported with new construction on homes, and that's it.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We've seen the increase in ambient shopping. And so we'll watch and see if that continues. And I think when some of our competitors get their rate in the system, like Pat just said, it depends on the competitor because some have six-month policies, many have 12-month policies, which obviously takes a lot more time to earn in. I'm sure we'll see that diminish, but that's when we have all the other levers that we have for our growth.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. So we are growing our ability to handle our own claims internally historically, especially when we first bought ASI, the majority of the claims that we handled were through independent adjusters. And while we still use a lot of independent adjusters for our appraisals, we wanted to have that talent in-house. So that is the increase. Sorry, I did understand your question to begin with. But yes, that increase is just to us to have that talent and understanding as we grow our property book.
John Sauerland: I can also add that you're right. When you look over even decades, you see our frequency being more favorable than the industry and severity being somewhat similar to the industry. And Tricia noted what we believe are some of the key drivers, but we are also continuing to shift the mix of our business to more preferred customers who generally have lower claims frequency. So, it's hard to parse out exactly which piece of those frequency trends are the aforementioned, but we should note that we're also moving more and more to preferred and that will drive the frequency down as well.
John Sauerland: Josh, sorry. As I think you know, we focus internally on what we call our non-acquisition expense ratio. So we talked a lot about media. We're always looking to optimize media relative to where we are in terms of rate adequacy and market opportunity on the non-acquisition expense ratio side, we're always looking to optimize costs. And of course, scale is a part of the way to do that. We have been successful in taking, if you look over the longer run, at least four points out of our cost structure on our non-acquisition expense ratio. Tricia mentioned, it's always a balance in investing and relative to the longer run, but we continue to expect to find opportunities to drive our non-acquisition expense ratio lower across all three of our businesses.
John Sauerland: Robinson segment. So just for clarity, we do have different commission structures for our Platinum agencies to incent the bundle. And we think we're very competitive with the marketplace when it comes to compensating our independent agents for bundled business as well as monoline business. Fair to say.
John Sauerland: And I'd add, if we're looking towards PIF growth, new business is one driver, but retention is a far stronger driver of PIF growth. And as Tricia mentioned, we are looking forward to more stable rates this year. We are feeling very adequate in most environments. So we have already enjoyed retention improvements, and we expect to continue to enjoy retention improvements. Competitors are certainly in a better place, but are continuing to raise rates as well. So on a competitiveness basis when the renewals come through, we think we're going to be in a good place, and that will help drive policy in force growth as well.
John Sauerland: Yes. We are not yet quite back to our all-time high for policy life expectancy. But we're getting there. And our trajectory is certainly indicating that we might be achieving new highs later in the year. We can't project that, obviously. But when you look at the charts, that's what you might conclude. So again, will depend upon the competitive environment. We think we're in a much more stable place, meaning not having to take nearly as much rate as we have historically. The market continues to rise, and we think it's going to play well to policyholder retention.
John Sauerland: Sorry. I just wanted to give a little greater appreciation of how we spend. We do it in an extremely surgical and analytical manner. We have loads in our pricing by customer segment at a very finite level. And so we understand what we can spend to and meet our lifetime combined ratio targets on each customer segment. So as we go into spend, we are not targeting an expense ratio to Pat's point, we are being extremely surgical and targeted in going after customer segments where we know we can spend up to that allowable cost that we have priced into the product at the segment level. A little different approach than I think you're thinking.
John Sauerland: Yes. So we don't have anything definitive to offer Elyse, but you can generally think of us targeting retention in generally the same area. I can't guarantee it will be exactly the same. We have, as we de-risked the property portfolio been enjoying decreasing PMLs. So that helps us at the top of the tower because we might not have to buy as much. But generally speaking, you can think of the focus and the structure of the CAT Program at June 1 is very similar to what we have today.
Pat Callahan: Yes. We've definitely seen competitors use commission cuts as a profitability or margin restoration lever. And we haven't done that. So we've maintained our commission. We do have a contingent component which self-cures when we're not making money, and we think that's a superior design, because you're aligned incentives and when the business performs well, agents get paid well. And when it doesn't, we correct without having to change commission structures and contracts. So we built and deployed that and had that out in market. Now competitors who have pulled back, we know agents have long memories. And we think that will potentially hinder their ability to restore growth when they want to come back in the market later in '24 or beyond.
Pat Callahan: No, I would say we normally pace heavier in Q1 than we do in Q4 because of customer shopping. So just as Tricia said, we'll fish where the fish are. And when there's a lot of people out there in market, we want to advertise to make sure they know where available and to bring them to Progressive. As we've stated this year, we're opening up maybe a little slower than we did in 2023. So from a pacing perspective, we'll probably be more level between Q1, Q2 and Q3 than we historically would have been. But we also know that if the hard market prevails and continues, then we will want to continue to spend up to our allowables to capitalize on growth while people are looking for a new provider of auto home or commercial insurance.
Pat Callahan: Yes. I think that's your characterization is spot on in that we have a hierarchy of levers that we pull in order to slow the business and in order to grow the business on the other side. So whether it's starting with reducing verification or opening up more favorable bill plans, then spending more than if we're doing all those and unable to drive conversion at a level that we want to grow, we would potentially lower rates at that point. But that's the hierarchy that we're reversing right now. And at this point, what's maybe a little deceiving is average premiums have gone up significantly due to the rate increases, which is driving down that expense ratio. So even if we got spending back to an absolute dollar basis, where we were in the past, you're not going to get your expense ratio back to where it was in the past. But to Tricia's point, our budget is governed by our ability to efficiently acquire customers against what we expect to be the lifetime value of that customer to Progressive and of course, to make sure we can deliver phenomenal claims and customer service and support the growth on that end. So I hope that helps in that we're not swinging back to 20%. What we're doing is unwinding some of the changes that we've made. Some have very little expense costs associated with them. Media, obviously has a greater cost to it on the other side.
Pat Callahan: At this point, I think we've probably got, I don't know, eight to nine points that are still earning in I'd have to look at the table for details, but we got some big rate increases later in the year that we'll still earn in because we've got obviously six months and then 12-month policy renewals.
