Julia Hornack: Good morning. Thank you, Brian and welcome to our Third Quarter Investor Event. Today we will begin with an update on our efforts to penetrate the home auto bundle market. Our presentation will last approximately 40 minutes and will be followed by a Q&A session with our CEO, Tricia Griffith; our CFO, John Sauerland; and our guest speaker today, Heather Day, Preferred Marketing Process Leader. For Q&A, Bill Cody, our Chief Investment Officer will join us by phone. As always discussions in this event may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those discussed during the event. Additional information concerning those risks and uncertainties is available in our annual report on Form 10-K, where you will find discussions of the risk factors affecting our businesses, Safe Harbor statements related to forward-looking statements and other discussions of the challenges we face. These documents can be found via the investors page of our website, progressive.com. And with that it's my pleasure to introduce our CEO, Tricia Griffith.
Julia Hornack: All right, I'm going to take a question from the webcast at this time. So the question is from Austin Boaz from Principal Global Investors.
Julia Hornack: All right, I am going to take a few questions from the webcast. The first question is from Mark Lane from William Blair. I'm going to do my best to rephrase this just a little bit.
Julia Hornack: Okay. All right. Thank you. So the next question is from Matthew Goetzinger from Fiduciary Management.
Julia Hornack: [Operator Instructions] We have a few more questions from the webcast. The first one is again from Mark Lane at William Blair.
Julia Hornack: All right. The next question again is from the webcast from Matthew Goetzinger at Fiduciary Management.
Heather Day: Yes, I think you're right. It is about being in the right position to take advantage of market opportunity. If I look back a couple of years, we would not have been in a position to grow, whether it is a hard or soft market. So it is really the work that has happened to reinforce our bundled product, to deepen those relationships with agents, that during this time where we've got the opportunity to grow, we're in a position with the right product, the right relationships at the right time.
Heather Day: I would just echo what Tricia just said. We tread very carefully here, knowing the legacy that ASI had built with agents in its existing states and how well recognized they were by those agents. As we expand it again, it was one of those, we've got those deep agent relationships through the Platinum program. We listened carefully and understood that as we are beginning to build out the Progressive Home brand generally, this was really the right time to make the switch, so yes, under way.
Heather Day: Well, I would - I think underlying this question is a sense of what kind of levels of investment are we looking at in terms of Platinum and how does that line up in terms of our cost structure. Let me know if I'm off-base on that. I think we feel very good that we are coming into the Platinum program with a very competitive cost structure in the agency channel. And as I think about the investments we are making in terms of ease-of-use with the overall platform as well as thinking about how we are going to compensate agents for both their bundled business and for other lines of business that they're writing with us, we are really rethinking about both the quality and the volume of the business we're getting, the kind of retention we expect to see with this bundled business. So overall, these investments should align us - should position us very well for growth, but we do not expect upward pressure on the combined ratio. We will keep that very same target in place.
Heather Day: So as we think about the competitive landscape on the agency side, it clearly varies across the country in terms of which competitors are relatively well positioned in different regions. We actually even think about it at the agent level. So as we are thinking through where our opportunities lie, understanding the competitive set within particular agencies is how we are getting a sense of where we have upsides. So it's a state-by-state, are we - is the market hardening across both the auto and home and what opportunities do we have in that particular agency and that's where our state-based field and sales model is really beneficial.
Tricia Griffith: And the agents really do talk about that. So I do a lot of big agency events, and you can tell just that in the last year as we've come together, especially with the agent representatives that go in, the agents really respect and honor that relationship and you can tell it's adding to our results.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. We do assume – we'd look at all of our customers with segmentation and subsegmentation. So generally, we believe that bundled customers will be more competitive and so we bake in, obviously, loss ratio-expense ratio differences in those customers and we know that they stay longer, which also influences that.
Tricia Griffith: Sorry, Bob, I didn't know you were referring to ASI. I was like, options? We don't have that options anymore. Sorry.
Tricia Griffith: You can talk a little bit more about that. I think taking out the amortization expense and the current CATs, we feel much more positively about the run rate. And of course, as we expand across the country, we learn more and more about - we have more development and we understand a little bit more of each state and the nuances. But we also believe that that's a great strategy because being across the country and not having so much concentration in the states we have now will actually be beneficial to us.
Tricia Griffith: We don't know for sure if reinsurance will go up. That'll be dependent after everything. It's true in different companies. We believe that we have a great strategy in terms of having multiple policies that are staggered in different years. So we will - we always take a look to try to minimize our downside and we'll take action depending on what the reinsurance market does and what we feel like we need. But we want to obviously protect that spike in homeowners. So John just talked about that. And having two of the biggest storms in history in two of our biggest states for Home, we realized how important - not that we didn't before - how important to homeowners reinsurance is and we'll do, what we need to do to protect that downside.
Tricia Griffith: I will start with the sustainable piece, Kai. It's really hard to understand necessarily frequency because a lot of macroeconomic trends can change with frequency. What we do see internally that we believe is favorable on that side is the fact that we have a much more preferred mix of customers and so we know that that's what lowered the frequency. We have some upfront underwriting we've put in, in the last several years that we believe is making a difference and when we look at our snapshot data, we have longer miles. So think of longer trips. So think of trips over 15 miles. And we're seeing that, and we believe that the Snapshot population kind of mirrors the rest of our Population. So when we think about that and create hypotheses around frequency, those are normally what we talk about. And we always have other underlying hypotheses that we continue to try to quantify. But we wouldn't want to try to predict frequency we react to it.
Tricia Griffith: And I would tell you, the first person that would say we absolutely have to do this is John Auer, the CEO of ASI, and he's leading the way as well.
Tricia Griffith: That's a great question. We've been talking about that for the last couple of years as we've integrated with ASI. We have it on some of our commercial auto. So the higher limit Commercial Auto, over $1 million, we have reinsurance. I think as we think about continuing to expand, we always consider and protect the downside and weigh that with the cost. So it's something we talk about often to determine does that makes sense, does it make sense especially like you said with the multi treaty. We haven't gone there yet, but it is - it's just something we discussed.
Tricia Griffith: So from Auto, we have had years and years of segmentation, and a lot of variables go into our auto pricing and then recently, of course, we've added the upfront underwriting. On the home side, there's been a lot more underwriting in terms of acceptable risks. So coming in the door, knowing right away what we would accept and what we wouldn't. Now we're really starting to share data and best practices with both companies to really get the best of both worlds. So sharing the underwriting sophistication from ASI as well as our pricing and segmentation sophistication and we've been doing a lot more of our business reviews collectively together. That's one of the reasons why we had Dave Pratt come down to work with the ASI folks. And we work back and forth to really share the best of both worlds. So I would say each company has different levels of sophistication. So together, I believe we're going to have a really optimal approach to even understanding segmentation at a more granular level.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, we will obviously select more Platinum agents as we grow and expand and we really have always positioned it as a scarcity model. And we want to make sure these agents, when customers come into their agency, we're their first or second choice. And some agents actually won't have access to the customers that want to have a home and bundled package or maybe don't own a home. So we will expand when we believe it will increase our Robinsons population, our auto home bundle. We'll be expanding for sure in the next couple of years just because of our geographic expansion. And then we'll likely step back and say, "Are there opportunities in different geographic locations to increase our Platinum agency population?".
Tricia Griffith: I would say the majority of the Robinson bundle is coming from the independent agents channel. That's not to say that it's captive, Robinsons aren't shopping as well. And of course, the other part of the Robinsons bundle, not with Platinum but on - in our in-house agency on the direct side, really comes from the overall population in terms of what John had talked about with a lot of graduations of our Dianes and other people in our segmentation, so it's really across the board. But if I had to stay on the agency side, the majority of our growth is coming directly from the independent agent channel.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, we talk about that. We can't surgically say absolutely yes. Right after Harvey, I walked into John's office and asked him the same question. Let's look at this. So I wouldn't be able to say concretely absolutely. We look at that, try to address that, but it's really specifically an unknown. I think the philosophy and probably what you're getting at, Brian, is - so if you leave, is there less frequency in BI et cetera. We look at that. We can't exactly point to yes, that, that equates to frequency because again that is a couple of states and we have the whole country to contend with when we look at overall frequency.
Tricia Griffith: I can't give you very - specifics in terms of that, but we know when we have the more preferred customer that - and the ones that stay longer, so we're going to be making more money over a long period of time that we benefit from that mix of customer. And I think the exciting part about this is that as we talked about, we have so much momentum going on and so much more to capture and we're seeing this now. So we believe that if it continues, hopefully, we'll have those low pure premium customers that will benefit us, so we won't be able to tell. It's not something we can predict. We don't put it into our pricing, we watch for it. But having a more preferred customer, we believe, will benefit us.
Tricia Griffith: Okay. Yes. We - with our third-party insurance carriers, we receive a commission when we sell homeowners. And remember, what we really - the intent of having multiple unaffiliated carriers and ASI on the direct side was really to extend the auto PLE, so when we've talked about that for years, being able to say that bundled customers, whether or not we write it on our own paper, really the goal is to extend the PLE of the auto.
Tricia Griffith: We don't really publicize that. We've put the income in our service revenue and - but we have - we don't share that data.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, we'll always look at our reinsurance. I wouldn't necessarily say all Robinsons would have comp coverage, I mean some would, especially if there's a lien. But we watch the line coverage codes across our insurers. And if we felt that, that was necessary to protect the downside, we would absolutely consider it.
Tricia Griffith: I don't know that we've shared severity. We look at - we model it out. Every storm, we model it out and we look at the share of market within certain areas. And Harvey was a little bit unusual because there were areas that were completely flooded, and we may or may not have had a higher or lower market share in those certain areas; and some were force flooded and some people left. So we literally modeled that one out prior to it happening and ongoing, and the severity was a little bit higher because most of those cars were totaled. But I will tell you, we feel that we have been very adequate in our reserving for both Harvey and Irma.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. What I would say overall is that it really has to do with the agents shopping for a great product at a great rate. And so when you talk about that, when you think about that hard market, most of those customers are coming - that are within their agency are likely to come to independent agents. I wouldn't say necessarily from captive. I don't know that, but anecdotally I would say people usually go to the captive or go to independent agents, so it's really about us having a different product in the market. So a couple of years ago, when we put out really our first preferred auto product, 83 and now it's evolved to 84, that has really been the shift in our ability to get more customers and having that right price. So we feel like we've got - we were in a good position in 2015, we've continued to benefit from having better product models with better segmentation at a good rate, at a great rate, because we're able to get ahead of that trend. And that's really been so important to us not to rate shock our customers because that ends up upsetting the agents and then they shop around. And that's really where we've been seeing the growth.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, that's a really good question. We have very specific targets in the agency channel per state, new and renewal. So we - when we're looking at this and why I've bee, I think, elated with the 84 model is the fact that we're writing at or sometimes below target for those - that new business. So we do feel good about that. If we didn't, we wouldn't - we would slow down growth. And you've seen us do that because you don't want to have that come back. If someone leaves after six months, that's not a good business model. So we feel very good and very adequate with our rate in the agency side.
Tricia Griffith: So how we're going to work discounts in the ELD is if a current customer has at least three months of driving data, you will get - you could get anywhere up to 18% discount, because we already have some knowledge of your driving data. If we don't have any knowledge of it, you'll get a 3% participation discount, and then after that three months of data, you could get upwards of an additional 15% for a maximum of 18%. So I'm sure things will change as we know more, but we believe we've gotten out ahead of it, working with some of the vendors. But that's our current structure as we head into 2018.
Tricia Griffith: Yes well, you know having worked with Glenn for so many years, I'm sure that was a statement. But it was really - the acquisition of ASI was getting access to those agents who wrote those preferred homes and to be able to bundle the homes. So we've talked a lot about extending auto PLEs. So I think with any good business model, especially as we integrated and have such a good partnership and relationship with ASI, we always want to evolve. But ultimately we want to be able to have as many preferred Robinsons auto home bundled in the agency channel as possible while reaching our target goals - our target margins. So yes, it's evolved, but I think it's evolved with what Glenn would have had in mind as well.
John Sauerland: Sure, obviously, a timely question. I'm sure most of you spent a lot yesterday reading a lot on potential tax code changes. Generally, it is our bias that we would allow benefits of tax change, federal tax change to fall to the bottom line. That said, we are - we would be considering the competitive environment in which we operate as we decide whether we would change that 96 target or not, our initial expectation is that we would not. We would also obviously try to understand the likelihood of permanence in any change. But I also would like to note when it comes to taxes that we actually pay as much tax above the line in an average year as we do below the line, so to speak. So for insurance, we have a state premium tax, generally not a state income tax, and that state premium tax is about $0.5 billion for Progressive, and that's included in our expense ratio. We do a lot to try to optimize our premium tax rates, meaning multiple legal entities. We work on getting tax credits as well. And more recently below the line for federal taxes, we have been working to be more proactive in managing our federal tax rate through the use of renewable energy credits. So generally, we will expect to allow it to fall to the bottom line unless the competitive environment changed a lot. And I think Bill would - can comment on the potential implications for our investment portfolio.
John Sauerland: Yes, so Bob, I'll take that one. In April of 2018, we have the option to get to 80% or more and I expect we will take that option. We have the option to get to 100% at the end - or in April of 2021 and it is our expectation that we would take that option as well. The owners of those shares also have the option to put their shares to us at the same time at those two different dates. This is obviously intended to ensure that the key leadership team that I talked about remains to continue to build the business and be very engaged, which they continue to be. On that note I will, however, mention that we have also recently had a senior person from Progressive join the ASI team. So Dave Pratt, who most previously ran our Snapshot business and has a long history, probably 27 years or so with Progressive, is now in direct report of John Auer, the CEO of ASI. So working to get further integration, but yes, we would expect that we would be at, at least 80% come April of '18, and get to 100% in '21.
John Sauerland: Yes, I can answer that, Bob. So as I mentioned, when we modeled the value of ASI, we obviously assumed a margin, operating margin and we are slightly above that inception-to-date. Actually, in 2017, if you take out that amortization, we're at a 101 year-to-date, and that is not where the model assumed we would be on an inception-to-date basis. But of course, homeowners is spikier, consequently the need for reinsurance, consequently need for greater capital levels. But on an inception-to-date basis, given the fact that we've had a high degree of hail as well as the named storms, we feel great. So we have a target combined ratio, as I showed you on that slide. For the property business, it is well below 96, reflecting the additional need for capital. And we think our underlying profitability is solid. Homeowners is a line in which we have been taking rates up some. We expect to take those rates up more throughout the rest of the year and into 2018 as well. So we are seeing loss cost trends in homeowners accelerate a bit, and the folks at ASI are responding.
John Sauerland: If I might interject, I may have misspoken in my response to Bob. Inception-to-date, our combined ratio for homeowners is a little higher than we modeled. I think I shared that in my comments. But in case that was a misstatement on my part in Bob's response, I apologize. We are slightly above inception-to-date.
John Sauerland: I might add to that. Recognize that within our pricing in states where -- that are more prone to storms, there are what we consider catastrophe loads in the pricing. So we are looking back over history to understand what we think, over a reasonable period of time, is necessary to cover storm losses. So while it's not reinsurance, it is built into those comprehensive rates. And we think we're adequately priced in comprehensive.
John Sauerland: Yes, I'll take that. Yes, that was part of the original purchase agreement and the price at which we will purchase shares, either next year or in 2021, is a function of the change in the tangible book value of the company, plus the original price per share. There's also a multiplier that is applied to that change in tangible book value that is determined by a matrix of growth and profitability. It can vary from 1 up to a total - a high of two. So in addition to the base share price that we paid back in 2015, you add the change in book value times that multiple from one to two, and that's how the price we pay is derived.
