Susan Griffith: Yes. Bob, I think you know our retention is sort of our [ holy grail ] we continue to feel good about our trailing 12. Our 3 months is flat. We're going to focus now, like we said, like I just said in the opening comments on having more stable rates because that's really what consumers want. So will they go to shop, if the rate is better, then their option is to leave. We've got to make sure we have competitive rates. So as we think about growth, we just think about new business. We think about renewal business, we think about our service and growing PIF, the units of both new and renewals. So we'll continue to focus on that, focus on having more stable rates and continuing to be ahead of the competition. 
Susan Griffith: We're going to focus on growth in both channels. But of course, you will see the trend in the expense ratio, specifically on the direct side as we start to increase media. If you look -- if you look at January, it was around 15 points. February was 17.5, March was in the 18 area. That was -- I was putting more and more pressure as the quarter developed on the media spend. Now when we look at we look at non-acquisition expense ratios and then as much as we can spend in media as long as it's efficient. So when we look at overall combined ratios, we're going to look at, obviously, at the type of business we're bringing on. We have a preference to bring on bundled business. And we believe we have the best segmentation model in the industry. So that's a big part of the understanding rate to risk. So all those flow together. But we're excited and really thrilled to be able to continue -- to continue on our growth method because even the last years, with all the headwinds and all the uncertainty we've still been able to grow, but to be able to grow at these margins is really exciting. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. I think a lot of that comes from tax refunds and other things that happen in a yearly basis. I wouldn't necessarily think about that this year though, because even last year, we were growing, we are actually trying to kind of stop a little bit because of the pressures on our margin. I feel very bullish about our continued growth on both a premium basis -- unit basis, and that's a -- you know there is our preferred measure of growth. So it's all going to be about our ability to do a couple of things. We want to continue to roll back our nonrate actions, so there's -- we still have more levers there. We have the premium earning in and we believe that we're not going to have to -- at least at this juncture, the wide swath of premium that we had to get to our target margin and then our media spend to be able to have those margins. We're about 10 points better than our target 96. So we have a lot of levers to pull to be able to really maximize growth. You'll notice I said this in my letter, in my opening statements and several times throughout the 10-Q. And we talked about it as we were riding the management discussion and analysis about is maximize growth, the right word, versus optimize. And I felt maximize was absolutely the right word to use because that's exactly what we're going to do. 
Susan Griffith: I mean the figures have bounced around, depending on what's happening. Clearly, we're going to want to spend more. And in March, that was on an absolute basis, the highest amount we've ever spent in media. And so we're going to spend more on that as long as it's efficient. I think you want to look at the whole spectrum of what makes up the combined ratio. So we're constantly investing to push down both loss adjustment expense and non-acquisition expense. Figuring out ways with technology, with people, with processes to reduce those expenses, because we can give those back in competitive prices, and that's really important. But remember, anywhere between $0.70 to $0.75 of every dollar that goes out, comes and goes out at LAE and loss. So that segmentation piece is really important, understanding our rate to risk. And I mentioned this in the first question. And I think I don't think I talk about this enough, and you get a little glimpses of it in my letters when I talk about our different product models, be it on the private passenger auto side, commercial lines and now property. It is really a special sauce. And it's not something that you build in a year or two. In fact, we've been building this for many decades. But about 10 years ago, we decided we needed to have continuous product model. And so we continue to do those. We started in 2014, really ramped up in 2015 and '16. So think of it as we put a couple of models out there. No state is ever more than a couple of miles behind, and we're constantly improving that segmentation. That takes a lot of investment. So sometimes you can see the expense ratio peak up with that. But those are built in over a decade. And I talked about the product models, but I don't probably give that enough highlight because our R&D groups and our product groups are phenomenal. They're second to none. They never rest. They continue to understand segmentation, rate to risk, and that's a lot of money that goes into the combined ratio. So while expense ratios kind of can come up and down depending on media spend, et cetera. And I don't -- obviously, we're always trying to push them down. A lot of it is the indemnification understanding accuracy and having great segmentation models. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. Sure, Elyse. I think at this juncture in its last year so, so many customers are getting their renewal bills and the rate increases that are playing through will cause you to shop. So we're always at risk losing customers when that happens. We knew that was a possibility last year as well when we were first to market, getting the rates that we needed on the street. So while we don't know exactly what the trailing 3 will continue to be, and it's on a lagged basis, we'll obviously inform you next quarter. That's really why we feel like we're in a much better position to take those small bites and take smaller increases just to stay ahead of trend. 
Susan Griffith: That's a really great question. And I should have brought that up when I think about the overall -- our goal is to grow as fast as we can, which we've been doing, $19 billion, [ $2.9 billion ] comparing quarter-over-quarter and 7% PIF growth. But the caveat always if we can support and serve our customers in the way they deserve to be supported. And that's a big caveat because, there have been times in our history where we've had to slow growth because of that. So a few years ago, we found it really challenging, both from a recruiting and a retention and a compensation perspective in our CRM organization. We made some changes in compensation about 2 years ago. We've invested a lot in the work environment and the digital capacity for our customers to be able to serve themselves should they want to. And we are seeing the fruits of those investments through greater tenure and better customer service. Now we are never at rest in terms of customer service. In fact, we're just working on a new customer commitment. And we need to be, frankly, fanatical about customer service because those that could call in, either they don't want to use our digital online services, which we believe are really best-in-class. So we really need some one to talk to and they need someone to answer the phone. Our  phone handling times have been really great for both sales and service. I feel -- I mean, the world of difference than 2 years ago. So I think we've done a great job staffing, training and giving them the tools they need to help our customers in the way they deserve. And that's one of the other reasons why I feel so positive about maximizing on our growth. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, absolutely. So what I would say is we have been investing well, let me step back -- Peter Lewis used to say, we are a technology company that happens to sell insurance. So everything we do has technology built into it. We have, I believe, again, a best-in-class IT organization. With that, we're always trying to stay ahead of the trends. So think of in the direct channel, think of usage-based insurance, all those things, even though they're -- they become actually a part of the product, they start with IT and our ability to have innovative technology. We started with machine learning and large language models probably over a decade ago, and we put a lot of those in place. So think of like we had a Chatbot that can give you documents without having a human involved. And we've continued on those and progressive.com. We've used a lot of machine learning to give you the best choice for what you need for coverage. Right now, we have well over 100 different models in different formats. Some are tests, some are full, full bore and summer thoughts, including many in generative  AI. We did an entire several day session with our Board of Directors a few months ago on all that we're doing in AI. And I got to tell you, it's pretty exciting. And it's exciting because the efficiencies we're going to get. I can't go into a lot of the details, but we have some great models, great tests that we're doing, and we believe it's going to be a game changer really in every single aspect of our company. So think of recruiting, think of media. And in fact, we have a Board meeting this week, and we're going to go over some AI test in media that have proven to be really successful. We lean into that technology. Clearly, you always want to think about biases and you want to have responsible AI. So we have a committee that overlooks every test that we do to make sure that we're doing it responsibly. But I think we're excited just like we have for the last nearly 90 years leaning into technology, I'm using it to benefit really competitive prices, so that our customers come and stay with us and we grow market share. 
Susan Griffith: I couldn't really answer. I mean a lot, obviously, the first thing is first, we wanted to get off some units that we believe will not be profitable. And a lot of it, of course, from a loss perspective, depends on weather, which has really been the clincher for the last several years. And so that's why we're trying to make sure that we're just more balanced. We are still very large in Florida because we have a large auto base and we believe that we can win in Florida on both the home and auto and especially bundled, but we just need -- we were just a little bit too heavy there in addition to a couple of other states, which makes sense because ASI now Progressive Home was based and kind of grew in that area. But it's hard to think about loss ratios when I don't have sort of the crystal ball of what will happen with weather. 
Susan Griffith: Well, we know those shopping happens when rates go up. And I think it's a little bit different, I think, depending on the demographic if you -- when you read through the 10-Q, [ Sam's ] are much more likely to be shop sensitive because they're price  sensitive. And so it's very different. When you kind of peel back the onion, you look at our different demographics as well. But we -- like I said in the last couple of calls, last year, we had seen inflationary factors like that. And so I'm not surprised that there's been a lot more shopping. And that's why the key is to get out ahead of the rate. It's short-term pain for long-term growth, and that's exactly what we did and why we're sitting in this position. So we're going to continue to have -- try to have stable rates. Just stay ahead of the severity trends and go from there. And I think when customers see that and then they are able to also, like I said, have great claims service, have a great service from our CRM. We want to give a reason to stay. And all the products that they can have from Progressive. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. And I feel like just even in the last couple of weeks or during the month of March, I feel like in some of the places where we've needed rate, we're starting to have some much more productive conversations. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. I think it's different if you're thinking about it from the agency's channel versus the direct channel on the agency channel. We continue to have our preferred agents, our platinum agents and no, we want the bundle, and they can be compensated for that. And so that is a big part of the agency channel. On the direct channel. We have our HomeQuote Explorer, where we saw Progressive Home, and I know they've been working diligently with some really great unaffiliated partners to be able to place that coverage even if it is not with Progressive Home. And we're continuing to work on having a stable group of companies in that mix. We -- last quarter, we went through sort of how we think about evolving with what we write on our paper and not on our paper. And we think that's good for customers to be able to have an [ album ] when they come in. So that's proven to be something that we're working diligently on, and we'll continue to work on, especially as the market, I think it's more stable. And I think the Robinsons now they come to us. I remember, years ago, John, you might remember, I remember John standing up here at an IR call and saying that, we want to be the company that when they call, they say, do you have this, we say Yes, we do. And so we're getting closer and closer to being not just a destination insurer but a destination company. So when you come and you -- or you're a Robinson, you're going to want auto home, but you're going to possibly want umbrella. You're going to want some other things. And so each added product increases retention. We don't share those. But if you look at our overall retention of the Robinsons versus the other segments, it's much higher. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. Good question, Jimmy. Probably a little bit of both. So I think we'll try to continue to push expenses and we need to be efficient. And we don't necessarily though, need to be the lowest cost. We want to have low cost because that equates to competitive prices and that equates to growth. And that growth, of course, is a great cycle because that unit growth is important, especially as you've seen in the past years when severity trends go up and down because those can be less stable than having a unit growth. But yes, I think we're going to spend where we can to maximize on this growth. We're going to continue to think about expenses and utilize the investments that we make across the board to become more efficient. But a lot of it, too, and the reason we're able to do this is because of the investments we've made over the many years on technology, on people, on processes, on just our overall people and culture to be there. So I would expect that we'll be able to do a little bit of both. 
Susan Griffith: It's hard to say what other companies are doing. I can say that we still feel like it's a hard market. And we feel like we got ahead of the curve as far as pricing. We're seeing that with our growth, and I hope to continue to see that. I think if you follow, which I'm sure you do, the competition, margins look good. And so I think everyone saw what we saw in terms of trends and reacted. Again, you have a certain period of time where if you react more quickly, you have an advantage, and that advantage sort of begets growth and sort of is like -- I feel like at this juncture, last year when I talked about it in November about starting to think about pulling back some non-rate actions and doing some things as like we kind of put our toe in the water and everybody else wasn't quite there. We then -- we put our whole foot and we set the edge of the pool, and now we're diving in. So I think we feel really great about our ability to grow. People will catch up. That's this industry. It's an ebb and flow of soft markets, hard markets, and it's just about getting out ahead of it. And again, I can't stress enough how much segmentation and our ability to match rate to risk matters. And to not ever rust and say, okay, we've got whatever, [ 8.8, 5.04 ]. We were very creative in our model naming. But the bottom line is, is constant, and we don't put one in and say, okay, we'll wait for 10 years and see how that works. And they -- and the interactions with our different variables with each other are so important. So that's a big piece of it as well. So it's about having the right [ rate ] on the street, of course, that's table stakes. So it's also about having product models where you really understand the ultimate loss costs. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. I think if you -- I think agency in March was more flat. I think you'll see that a little bit -- it will be a little bit more delayed than direct, where we have more access to put on the media spend, whereas I think agents -- it's just a different model. Pat, you can add one of that. But if I recall, March started to be a little bit -- the trend started to return a little bit in agency. 
Susan Griffith: We've talked about that for years. And I think what I would say it's very dependent on the BMT. When you go in to get a quote and ultimately convert, there are some business marketing tiers that are really complex and time-consuming. And you're gathering information, and it's not an easy process. You don't want to do that every 6 months. So with those, you just have to be priced right and have the ability to do things like debits and credits. To get things right more quickly. We have [indiscernible] and we had a lot in the past. And we continue to think about that. I know Karen and your team are thinking about that in some of the BMTs that could be more flexible. That said, I'm super excited, and I'm glad you brought up commercial. I'm super excited to talk about commercial. I feel like we're in a great position. We still have 10 points to earn in, the rest of this calendar year. Again, the key was getting out in front of it, and it's especially important because of those 12-month policies. But one of the things that we did many, many years ago, and I think this might have been the first IR call or maybe in the first year or so after I took over. When team and I develop -- we hadn't developed the horizon concept that came from McKinsey, but we developed how we were going to think about growing the company. And on commercial lines is a big part of that. They were already in Horizon 1 with commercial lodging the #1 writer. But in Horizon 2, we wanted to do is really understand adjacent products that we could develop. And they really mostly within the Commercial Lines organization.  So if you think of small fleets, that has tripled business over the last 5 years. You saw that we're now in Florida, we have BOP in 45 states. The new product [ files ] I've been talking about on the private passenger, auto side or also on the commercial side. And our business model contractor, right now, just recently in the last several weeks, we've seeing new app volume have new all-time highs. And as importantly, the take rate for ProView, which is the usage-based insurance, I think snapshot for the business auto contractor customers has doubled. So really excited about the growth and the different levers because of such a variety of types of products in the Commercial line organization. And what we'll do is we'll look at those and see, is there an opportunity to have more on 6 months, what does that mean to your retention? What does that mean to conversion, et cetera. So we'll test some of those things likely in the next year or so. But I am excited. And even when you think about FHT, we've been talking a lot about macroeconomic trends. When you go back pre-pandemic. And then of course, we were set. We knew that market really well. We leveraged and capitalized on the fact that the trucking industry exploded because people were moving goods across the country, spot rates were high. And now that we're sort of a little bit back to normal. What we're seeing is when we look at Federal Motor Carrier authorizations, we -- they're off a certain amount, we're actually up higher than that on new business with FHT. So I'm going to -- it's hard to not compare the pandemic and subsequently what happened. But what we're really trying to look at is how does growth compare to 2019? And what I would say with FHT, the For Hire Transportation, it looks good. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. Mark, that was mostly a couple of big national account agencies. That started happening maybe around mid-2023. So nothing much to read into. We're still really excited. In fact, take rate and agency really has peaked up since prepandemic. And so we continue to believe that's a big part of our model. We have 57 billion miles driven. So we have a lot of data, 7 billion trips. So we continue to have that be a big part of it. And we're constantly talking to agents about the importance of that to get those great drivers, great discounts. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, that's good. And those are 2 of the variables for sure. So the mile-to-mile quarter helped our mix of business, our sort of self-imposed underwriting actions. And actually, we have seen a tailwind from [ House billing 37 ]. So those would probably be 4 of the contributing factors. What I would look at instead of focusing on the quarter, that would be, I would look at the trailing 12 over prior frequency because those were some factors in this quarter for sure. 
Susan Griffith: It's so hard to discern that. We've been playing around and there could be -- and maybe Mark brought it up a little bit. There could be a little bit of regional differences in terms of frequencies no fault state versus none. It's hard to really pinpoint that. We're going to continue to work on that. But it really is hard to pinpoint those exact things from frequency. So really, what I said before, what we're seeing at least in that first quarter is really our self-imposed underwriting restrictions, some mix difference, which makes sense and then some weather and some changes from the Florida House bill. Those are the parts that we can better quantify. 
Susan Griffith: We look at it and we price for frequency and severity, but we can't predict frequency. We know when we see it. 
Susan Griffith: Yes, those are things to think about all the time we have. We actually utilize the E&S capabilities in some venues in commercial already. And we always look at kind of the best way to understand if we can't get the rate we need in the admitted market, and we have an opportunity and an ability to do that should that arise. 
Susan Griffith: Yes. We priced like John was saying, every customer, every state or channel to a lifetime 96 knowing that the limit difference different if you're a preferred if you're going to have higher limits. So we price for that and are very clear on -- and reserved for that. And so that's sort of our secret sauce as well. 
Susan Griffith: I mean commercial is very much -- I mean all of our businesses state-by-state, but commercial has a few states that are much more volatile, and we have to price for those or like Karen's doing now and actually Pat on the PL side is a lot of business restrictions until we can get the prices we need and non-rate actions. But I think, like I said, when I was outlining the variety of BMTs, they react very differently and exposure very differently, and we treat them differently in terms of the segmentation perspective. You mentioned TNC. We needed a huge increase with one of our partners there, and we're able to get that. So our comfort level of success in the TNC organizations is very high now. We feel good about that. But yes, the exposure is different. You just have to stay on top of it from a pricing perspective and from a claims perspective. 
Patrick Callahan: It's too early to tell on the property side, right? We've got different statute of limitations. We've got different kind of assignment of benefits that will play through the book over time, but not as immediate as we're seeing on the auto book. 
Patrick Callahan: Yes. I would say, as you broke it down, on the bill plan side, we are getting close back to pre pullback. And on the verification side, it really depends at the state level, right? We still have about 20% of our states where we have media off, which is a good indication that if we have media off, we probably still have significant non-rate actions or verification in place. But we have lots of, I would say, room to run as we unwind those across both channels throughout the remainder of the year. 
Patrick Callahan: Yes. I would agree. On the regulatory side, there's certainly -- we've had a couple of recent approvals, and we're getting more comfortable more of our calendar year premium earned in that margins continue to be we expect them to be on -- in more and more of our states. So that gives our general managers and product managers greater confidence that they should open up and write more volume because we think we're priced adequately. 
Patrick Callahan: Yes. So we've been slower to open things back up in the agency channel and specifically things like returning rates on comparative raters across the board, which, thus, put our rate in a more competitive position and potentially drive more growth. But know that we are leaning into that at this point. And as we're more confident in our rate adequacy we are opening up some of those non-rate actions in the agency channel. We have fewer top-of-funnel levers in the agency channel. It's more mid-funnel. So you will see that delayed effect when, media, we can fill the top of the funnel on the direct channel much more responsibly and quickly when we decide we're rate adequate. 
