Doug Constantine: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for Progressive’s Second Quarter Investor Event. I am Doug Constantine, Director of Investor Relations and I will be your moderator for today's event. The company will not make detailed comments related to quarterly results in addition to those provided and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q and the letter to shareholders which have been posted to the company's website. This quarter marks the return to our typical format, which is a presentation on a specific portion of our business, followed by a question-and-answer session with members of our leadership team. The introductory comments by our CEO and the presentation were previously recorded. Upon completion of the previously recorded remarks, we will use the balance of the 90 minutes scheduled for this event for live questions-and-answers with leaders featured in our recorded remarks as well as other members of our management team. As always, discussions in this event may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those discussed during today's event. Additional information concerning those risks and uncertainties is available on our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as supplemented by our 10-Q report for the first and second quarters of 2021. We will find discussions of the risk factors affecting our business, Safe Harbor statements related to forward-looking statements, and other discussions of challenges we face. These documents can be found via the Investor Relations section of our website @investors.progressive.com. To begin today, I'm pleased to introduce our CEO Tricia Griffith, who will kick us off with some introductory comments, Trisha.
Doug Constantine: This concludes the previously recorded portion of today's event. We now have members of our management team available live to answer questions including Karen Bailo and Jochen Schunter who can answer questions about our commercial lines presentation. The Q&A session will be audio only. To submit a question or online audience can use the Ask a Question tab located at the top right of the webcast, phone participants can press star one on your keypad. In order to get as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. We will now take our first question from the phone.
Doug Constantine: I just tag on that to say, in markets where we're struggling to get right back to the previous question, we're more likely to push harder on the underwriting levers. So in markets where profitability has struggled recently, and we've yet to be able to raise price, you'll see the underwriting levers tighter than in a market where we're more confident about profitability.
Doug Constantine: We do have a question on the web, asking about Texas and commercial and personalized loss trends and what actions we are taking to improve profitability in Texas.
Doug Constantine: We've exhausted our scheduled time and so that concludes our event. Livia, I will hand the call back over to you for the closing scripts.
Tricia Griffith: Thanks, Elyse. This is Tricia. We respond with data. So we have data that is showing on steep trends and severity and our need to get rates on the street. And we provide that and try to work with our regulators to get those push through. In the long run, we want to make sure we're available for consumers. And we can only be available if we're able to reach our objective of growing as fast as we can. But more importantly, at a 96 combined ratio or less. So we continue to work with regulators, we've had some good success in Texas, as you mentioned, every state has little nuances. But we're going to continue to work side-by-side to do the right things for our collective consumers and customers.
Tricia Griffith: That's a great question. On the commercial side, we're seeing both congestion and speeding up, on the personal line side, we still haven't seen commuting congestion back to pre-pandemic. I think we're just going to have to watch that. I think we thought we were sort of coming out of the pandemic and now of course, with some of the new local ordinances, will that change, will people stay home and work from home longer? We imagine that might happen. So that could continue to have speeding at a higher rate. I think miles traveled as well. When you think about, we opened up, people were excited to get on the road, go on vacations with their family, go see grandma and grandpa, but you're right on the severity of accidents. And we're just going to have to watch that trend and see what happens when we get to some normalcy post-pandemic on commuting and congestion as well as speeding.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. When we look at our UBI miles, we sort of compare it to some occupations that would be more available to work from home. And that wouldn't and so we do see differences in those as well as even age groups in terms of, if I'm retired and I'm able to stay home. So we watch those closely as well. But remember, we price all of our customers to a lifetime 96 and that's what we work towards.
Tricia Griffith: I think it is more of a challenge, but remember, we aren't looking in the rearview mirror, we're looking ahead and looking at the severity of trends, because we price for those, in the future. So while it's been a challenge, in some venues, we continue to work towards that, and again, we'll watch it closely. And just like we did during the pandemic, after we gave the over billion dollars back on the private passenger auto side, for the credits, we looked across, because we knew that, consumers were struggling, there was layoffs et cetera. We looked across states and channels and products and took rates down a little bit. And so that's really the conversation we're having with regulators. We're going to always try to do the right thing to grow as fast as we can but we have to make our target profit margins. And what we're seeing now is some pretty steep severity trends. And again, we'll watch for that we'll watch for any macroeconomic inflationary trends and the like to understand what our future rate should be.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. It's really the margin erosion is really across the board in terms of frequency trends, getting closer to pre-pandemic, severity trends up whether it's injury or used parts. And then, of course, our average written premium was down. When we look at media, when we talk about that we look at our less efficient media. So it's not necessarily based on a certain customer, we look across the board and say, okay, this is our, our cost per sale, et cetera. And here's, what we believe we can get for that. On the other side, we really tried to avoid what we believe could be under priced risks. And so we developed an underwriting program many, many years ago, just to ask a few more questions to understand how to appropriately rate each of our customers to the appropriate risks. So a little bit different viewpoint from when we look at media and we look at bringing on risks that we believe are underpriced.
Tricia Griffith: Well, I mean, I think the fact that we're going to continue to take rates up means that we expect some future positive trend. It will be tough to say so we'll watch it and our belief is that long-term trends from a frequency perspective, we believe that there's a chance that could go up to pre-pandemic levels, but if you look at over the last 50 or 60 years, frequency trends have gone down based on safer cars and more strict laws, et cetera. Severity has more than offset that, whether it's injury, attorney reps or components of vehicles and we believe that can continue. We hope that it abates a little bit. But, if you look forward a couple of years, we would hope that they would have be more normalized, so we could have that sense of normalcy. Now, it's been -- there's the comparisons are often also difficult but we watch those closely. And we believe that, as of now, obviously, we talked about the rate filings that we have done in quarter two that will continue to be fairly aggressive with rates.
Tricia Griffith: So the 5% is the average increase and it was an aggregate of 2%. But we do look very specifically across states, across channels, across products. So there won't be a flat rate across any one of those venues, we will look at where we needed the most to get to our target lifetime profit margin. So we'll give you the averages because we're not going to go into specifics. But I will tell you that it's very different depending on the states and what we're seeing both frequency and severity.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I mean, I think we did the right thing during the pandemic and things have been very volatile and very fluid. And so in terms of -- our sort of Holy Grail is retention. So we're going to do what we can to keep those customers at the target profit margin -- the increases will flow into renewal business. And we expect that could cause people to shop and we get that. But what we want is, in our choice of growth is policies enforced, we want to continue that growth, we know that we need to have the right rates on the street and then we've talked about that a lot. Our objective for many, many years, many decades has been to grow as fast as we can, out to below 96. And profit comes first in that order. It's one of our core values. So we'll continue to look at that. How we treat these circumstances are things that we've done before and so, not to this extent, because we don't -- this is we've never been involved in a pandemic, but we've been in these circumstances before. In fact, if you go back in time, 2012 we had similar circumstances where we found that we needed rates at the time, actually, John Sauerland, our CFO was the Personal line President and I was the President of Claims. And we set forth to get the right rate, keep it as many customers as we could, that's really important. And that worked and we were able to grow. But probably the most important example would be in 2016, when we found ourselves over our 96 goal and we reduced expenses and a little bit of marketing and really positioned ourselves well for huge growth. And in fact, in the last five years, we have grown policies in force on the private passenger auto side, greater than 70%. So how we're looking at today is, we believe we did the right thing for customers during the pandemic, we have seen trends steepen at a pretty quick rate, we're going to get the rate we need to get back and be well positioned for that growth that we believe we will calm should we head into a hard market.
Tricia Griffith: Well, we have had a lot of Sam's, we've had a lot of growth overall. And I talked in my most recent letter about our growth in Robinson's. And again, comparisons are tough as well, because of the large growth we've had in Robinson's and some of our preferred, but yet we've brought on a fair amount of Sam's in again. We are fine with Sam's coming on the book as long as we are priced to our target profit margin.
Tricia Griffith: Well, so we've seen severity trends go up in injuries, what we probably under predicted on severity was the used car valuations and not just the magnitude, but the length of time, the duration. And we did look at that for future trends, not to the extent that of what we're seeing. And again, that's something that's been very different during the pandemic in terms of supply and demand and what is happening with new cars and the lack of available chips, et cetera. So I would say that was probably a miss on our part slightly just because we hadn't seen that we did we did see it going up but not to the extent or the duration of time. And then, the injuries we continue to look at, attorney rep rate continues to go up. And we're seeing attorneys earlier in the claim sort of across regions and across limit profiles and there could be a lot of theories on that. It could be that there's more advertising on the attorney parts, it could be that if you're working from home or that you're not working, you're seeing more advertising in order to call that attorney but we are seeing attorney reps earlier in the claims than we have in the past.
Tricia Griffith: I mean for the casualty trends, obviously you want to get your arms around attorney reps because those claims are more expensive take longer, not necessarily great experience. We've seen on the private passenger auto because we've seen speeding up there's been more severe accidents. We've seen, labor hours increase and number of parts increase. So that's a little bit different.  On the property side, we had 25 points of cat exposure and so I think, we are looking at a little bit different geographic expansion to make sure that we -- in a sense, derisk a little bit of that book. And then, in addition, on the property side, we want to be able to continue to get rate as we've since last year, and have a more segmented product. So it's a little bit different way we're looking at it, ultimately to get to the same endpoint of a 96 combined ratio.
Tricia Griffith: The trends of the attorney rep have been across all regions and they've gone up in different rates upon -- with limit profiles. So that's been across the board. Property really is much more specific in states where there's more weather volatility.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. It was hard for me to be in the seat of a regulator. I think they're trying to do the best thing they are trying to do for their constituents as we are. And so that's why we share data, we talk it through and we try to do the right thing, which again, is availability for the consumers, whether it be Texas or any other state. So it's hard for me to say what a regulator is looking at, I think they always want to make sure that there's affordability for the consumers that they represent.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, I had a lot to do with PIP a lot to do with injury increases as well, that we've talked about in terms of severity. But, Florida has always been volatile with PIP and interpretations of PIP and plaintiff attorneys. And so we are we're pricing to that. And we've seen a lot as you -- as we've told you have -- reopens based on recent decisions.
Tricia Griffith: For Florida PIP, I think we've seen less late reports, and we've anticipated in 2020, which is on the PIP side. I don't know that there's any prior, I think it's been the last couple of years. I think prior to that, I would say '19 and 20, not as much '18.
Tricia Griffith: And the last thing I'll say on that is, we were very happy that the governor vetoed the latest PIP reform because we thought that would not be good for consumers of Florida. And so, we always work with regulators to make sure we have the right rates there and it is a complicated state but one with which the long-term we've done well.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. And remember, our 96 is the aggregate. So 96 is slightly different. And it's not for public consumption, but slightly different in different areas, depending on that. What we look at, also is what we want that ROE to be in any part of the business and we work towards that. Anytime you have a new business, obviously, you have a big learning experience when we went into the direct private passenger auto, we didn't make money for many years as we learned and grew. And so we expect those, that to happen as well as we learn new businesses and have our arms around trends. And as we grow, that's one of the reasons why, except for the Protective acquisition, which is very different, because they know what they're doing on larger fleets. We sort of try to grow into that. So a great example is fleets for many, many years, we did zero to nine power units, we felt we had our arms around that we were a leader in that, and now we've gone 10 to 40. So we try to learn along the way. Same thing with small business, we're starting with micro businesses, less than 20 employees to make sure that we learn as we grow and expand that addressable market.
Tricia Griffith: Hopefully not long, because we're not happy with that either. I talked a little bit about the geographic footprint and how we are taking actions to be not have such a high percentage in states that have much more weather volatility, because as we said, that's those 25 points on the property CR. It takes time. It doesn't happen overnight. And we've had just a lot of headwinds from that perspective. So I can't tell you the length of time, but we're working aggressively towards derisking geographically, even if we need to slow down on getting the right rates on the street and making sure that we continue to segment our property models as deeply as we segmented our private passenger auto and commercial auto.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think first of all, if you look at Protective and the rates they've taken, as they've seen their steep severity trend since 2019, they saw that and they've been working towards that. And we're seeing the fruits of that. But more importantly, that addressable market that we saw, so there, they put us upstream into larger fleet, workers comp, which is a really important piece for small and medium fleets. So although we didn't talk a lot about what we believe we can do together long-term and we're going to spend this next six months since we literally just closed in June. We're going to spend this next six months, understanding synergies, learning from each other and then getting a very firm game plan together on what we think we can achieve in the next five years.
Tricia Griffith: You could understand that what we look at is very different, how we expense it as well. So on the direct side is front loaded versus more variable on the agency side. It's different depending on the venue, et cetera. But again, the aggregate is 96. And now we look at each of those different areas, whether it's product or channel to get there.
Tricia Griffith: Yes. I think what you're seeing is one of our strategic pillars in place and that's a broad coverage. We want to be where, when and how customers want to shop. And so there are customers because it's a little bit more complicated and especially if this is your dream, your first business venture, you want to make sure you're protected, you have a lot of questions. And so typically and it continue to be the majority of the business have gone through agents in that coverage. We've opened up Business Quote Explorer for those customers not unlike we did years ago on the auto side, when we opened up direct, that feel comfortable with what they need to get there. And as you see the that's gone up a couple percentages, increasing on the direct side, which we are not surprised that and I think especially with the pandemic, where there was less availability, even though a lot of people weren't necessarily opening small businesses, but there was a less availability of agents versus direct just based on shelter in place opportunities that we saw that change. I would expect that more and more customers that have not ever worked with an agent will continue to go online, and that that percentage would increase, we're going to have to continue to get savvy with our investments on the business, quote, explorer side. But that's, we believe a really great opportunity. We love the fact that we have a big agent presence, but there will be customers that want to go through direct and will be there for them as part of our strategic pillar of broad coverage.
Tricia Griffith: Yes, Brian. Thanks. So I think you're referring to the limited charge and that we have. We accrue for that, as well as a couple of other that has happened over the last couple of years. And so we you know, we look at that we work with the claims organization to understand even though we don't necessarily disagree with the decision that the DCA agreed with that and, we are still challenging that. That said we want to extinguish those exposures and move on because by the time it gets to the core system, possibly to the Supreme Court, it takes many years and so we have our reserves, and our unfavorable reserves have taken that case into account.
Ryan Tunis: I had couple on severity and one on growth. The first one is, I mean, just thinking about this. So frequencies, almost back to pre-pandemic levels. That make sense was bound to happen originally, in any event, we're going to get back there. Severity was plus seven in 2019, plus 10 in 2020. And this quarter was plus eight. So it's not exactly clear to me why this severity numbers all that surprising. I'm just trying to square all this and understand why we only started taking rate in this past quarter.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Yes, it's not like what you guys were reporting numbers last quarter, people are talking more about the property inflection but I mean, clearly we're seeing some social inflation on the BI side. Is that one that you'd say you're more concerned about, kind of a casualty type lost trend versus property lost driven auto.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then, just lastly, will you describe these trends is broad based across all states and customer segments? Or is it more localized, is it more Sam's, is more Robinson's that type of thing.
John Sauerland: That's a great characterization. And frankly, Florida PIP even going back further than that has been a challenge to price accurately because courts decide what they decide and that changes a lot of the past claims decisions that were made, and a lot of files get reopened. So as we pointed out, we have had adverse development in Florida PIP past couple few years. And if you go back a decade, we had similar. The good news is over the longer term, we've been very successful in the Florida market. We have great share there and we want to continue to grow in Florida as long as we're in that 96 right now, as you pointed out, we are taking actions to address the combined in Florida. But again, over the long-term, we're very confident and happy to grow in Florida.
John Sauerland: I might elaborate briefly there. We are not intending to run property above 100. And in fact, as Tricia was noting, we look at ROE across our business lines and as you note required capital we also look at expected investment returns because the duration of claims is different across lines as well. But we target ROEs across the businesses that are equal to or better than private passenger auto and we back into target combined ratios. So for home as you would expect, given the higher capital requirements, the combined ratio target is going to be richer. We took 12 points rates in home last year. We're on track to do similarly this year. And as Tricia noted, we're taking a lot of actions to get a better geographic footprint that we think reduces the impact of storm losses going forward. If you look back at our recent history, the primary driver of being over 100 has been weather losses. And here it's been difficult to model difficult to price. We're into newer markets. We're learning and we are taking -- we think aggressive actions to get that combined ratio where we want it which is well below 100.
John Sauerland: Gary, I would add to that. One part of it is demand, the other part is fulfillment. And across auto overtime property and now commercial, we've gotten a lot better online, meaning a far better experience. And we're starting to roll out the ability to buy online. And we see as we continue to improve the experience, make sure customers can get smoothly through quotes and actually buy online, the fulfillment piece of that equation is improving a lot. And in a direct business, to the extent you are making that side of the funnel, if you will more efficient, it's really powerful in your ability to continue to grow that business because the more efficient you are in fulfilling, the more you can spend upfront to acquire customers.
John Sauerland: Well, the ability to buy online is very, very important. So if people go through an online quote, their expectation generally we think is and some people want to call for clarification, assurance, et cetera. But many people expect to be able to click a button and buy. And we find when we elevate that in a state and this goes back to when we were doing this long time ago and auto we're now doing a property. And now in commercial, when we elevate that ability, the conversion rate goes up.
Greg Peters: Good morning, thank you for fitting me in to your schedule. My first question will be on your comments around the targeted 96 combined ratio. You're talking about growing into other lines of commercial and the capital requirements for some of these other lines embedded in commercial are going to be different than the capital requirements, you have with other parts of your personal auto business. And it also, frankly, is applicable to your property business as well. I'm just curious, if your 96 targeted combined ratio changes depending on the capital requirements on the type of business that you're in.
Greg Peters: Just like to clarify your answer on that, on the property business, you've been running about 100 combined ratio for five years now. How much longer will it be above 100, before you get -- before it stops being a drag on your consolidated results.
Greg Peters: Thank you for clarifying that. My second question, and I know it's really small relative to your overall book, but you did spend a portion of your presentation talking about it and that's Protective. And how you plan to use that as part of your commercial lines expansion strategy. And, if I look at Protective's results, over the last three years really hasn't been able to grow at all, they saddled with one large customer and their combined ratio results have certainly been well above what Progressive likes to target. So I'm just curious, if you could just give us a sense of what you see within Protective that helps you gain confidence that it's going to fit well within your overall strategy.
