Michael Hansen: Sure. So from the standpoint of pricing, the pricing environment, I would say, hasn't changed much in the last 90 days since we spoke last. And quite honestly, I don't expect that the consolidation that has happened will have much of an impact on the pricing environment. It's still a very competitive environment. We face legacy like competition as well as other catalog type competitors, and so that's not going away. So I don't think that's going to have much of an impact on the pricing environment. From the standpoint of the revenue synergies, we're moving cautiously as we have as we've talked about in the past. But we have begun to introduce some of the products where we can, where we have converted systems or where we have integrated routes into Cintas locations. And while it's early, and we haven't seen any notable impact, it's anecdotally positive so far. So I would say, as we continue to move through this year, we've got a lot of integration activity left, and we're going to continue to introduce Cintas products and services to those customers. But I would not expect much of an impact at this point in time.
Michael Hansen: Yes. I think we'll see once we get through that implementation effort, which we expect to be by the end of fiscal '20. We do expect some expenses to roll off, certainly, those that are part of the integration and implementation effort. So we will certainly see some benefit from that in fiscal '21. But more than anything from that system, we like the information and the power of that information. And we're not necessarily looking for a significant cost reduction. What we are looking for is more opportunity to make our selling team more productive. So how can we create warmer leads with better information? How can we use that information to be more directive in the way we approach our customers with our various products and services? So we're not looking necessarily for a significant SG&A reduction. We really want to help our selling partners become more efficient.
Michael Hansen: From a direct standpoint, we have -- certainly have some impact like hangers, but overall, it has not been significant. From an indirect standpoint, and when I say indirect, I mean from the vendors -- from our vendors, it remains to be seen how they will be impacted and how that might in turn impact us. We're certainly keeping our eyes on that, but we need a little bit more time for that to play out. From a customer perspective, too early to see much of an impact.
Michael Hansen: Well, we -- as Paul mentioned, CapEx is very important to us, and we will make sure we spend and invest in the business. We also will likely be more aggressive than we were in the last 2 fiscal years in acquisition activity. From the standpoint of share repurchases, we have a $410 million -- we have a $500,000 authorization, where $410 million is remaining. And I would say that we're going to continue to do what we have done in the past, and that is be opportunistic about the way we use that. And so that -- I'm not ready to say whether that will increase where we have historically been. But I would say our expectation is to get back to something of that historical type of environment.
Michael Hansen: That is very difficult to parse out. And you may have noticed when we gave guidance, we didn't include any specific G&K information because it's pretty difficult to take the business that is so co-mingled into our legacy business. But if you kind of think about the revenue guidance and you just make an assumption that it's flattish, that opening guidance is pretty much in the range of that 5 to 6.5 where we've been in the last few years. So we think that's right where we want to be. That -- we believe that's our -- that's kind of our sweet spot as we opened the year and feel good about it moving into this first quarter.
Michael Hansen: I don't see any roadblocks. And George, as we move in to this year, you -- it's hard to think about that business as being separate at all. It's -- so many of the locations have been absorbed into legacy Cintas locations or have traded volume. So it's really hard to look at it separately. However, as we were working through the integration of last year, one of the biggest pieces was coming out of the closing of that deal. We had a sales team at G&K that had been -- had a tough environment, and we wanted to pull them out of their positions so that we can train them, get them to understand our systems, our products and services. There certainly were open positions that we had to fill, and that has gone very well. But as we've talked about in the last several quarters in our business, when you lose that new business momentum for a number of quarters, it takes a little bit of time to reverse that trend. We have done a very good job of training our new salespeople. We have seen the productivity tick up slightly each quarter throughout fiscal '18. And so the thing that will get us back to the Cintas like levels of growth will be a combination of those sales partners being more and more productive and our ability to penetrate the G&K customers like we do with all of our other Cintas customers. So as we mentioned, we expect our first quarter organic growth to be somewhat similar, maybe slightly lower than what we reported here in this fourth quarter for our rental business. But we expect to see some improvement as we then go through the year to the point where fiscal '20, I would expect, we'd be back to our historical like levels, barring any change in the macro environment.
Michael Hansen: Well, we are -- and I'll speak to our total business now, not just G&K. But we have opportunities. When we first sell a new account, we don't normally sell everything. And so we continue to look for ways and opportunities for our drivers, who we call SSRs or service sales reps. Our SSRs and our salespeople, we look for opportunities for them to penetrate existing customers. And we're getting better at that, but we can always improve and especially when it comes to getting First Aid and Safety and fire into our uniform and facility services customers. So we're continuing to work on ways to improve the efficiency there in the -- or while we are waiting for SAP to come. And once we get SAP, we do believe that, that will make the visibility for all of our people better, and this should allow us to improve that penetration even more.
Michael Hansen: Sure. I think we've talked a lot about the 4 buckets in the past. And as we move into year two of that integration, I would expect that we will get more production synergies. We did a lot of that heavy work in fiscal '18, and we're still not quite as efficient as we want to be in our plans, but we're moving through that. And I would expect that production is a big component. We will do a lot of route optimization. And while we have only just begun that, that's going to be the largest activity that we have going on in fiscal '19. So we'll start to see some of those routing benefits. And when I talk about routing benefits, what I really mean is improved fuel utilization. We are not looking to eliminate routes. What we're really looking to do is make all of our routes more efficient and give them -- give our SSRs more time with our customers. But that's going to be a big project, and there will be -- we will start to see some of that benefit. We have already gotten a lot of G&A benefits, and we still have some more to go. But that will be a lesser component in year 2 than the production impact. And then we'll start to see some sourcing synergies, but I would expect more of those to be in that year 3 and 4. So thinking about that prioritization, I would expect production to be the largest piece followed then by those other 3 where we're touching now on the routing and the sourcing and also getting a little bit more incremental G&A.
Michael Hansen: Well, when we think about the economy as we stand today and looking forward from today, we feel like it's a positive environment. The activities are good. Our team has been fairly successful in both selling new business and in penetrating. And so it's a positive environment. There are certainly those things that you mentioned that we're keeping our eyes on. Certainly, the tariff uncertainty is a wildcard, and as we -- as I was mentioning a little bit earlier, the indirect pieces of those, we're keeping our eyes on, but again, it's a wildcard about how that'll impact us. From an energy perspective and fuel perspective, we have modeled that we will see about a 20 basis point increase in fuel in fiscal '19, and we're seeing that already in June in our prices at the pump. And from a labor perspective, we certainly are starting to see the tightening of labor. It's not affecting us widespread, but it certainly is an impact. And we're keeping our eyes on how do we manage the best we can and be as efficient as we can. And one way to do that is to really work on our partner retention. That is very important for us, and it certainly makes this tighter labor market easier to deal with if we can retain our current partners. That's very important to us. But those things are certainly starting to creep in. They are included in our guidance, but we're -- those are things to keep our eyes on.
Michael Hansen: Yes. I don't think we've seen the spikes that we saw last time quite yet, but in any event, cotton is something that just takes a long time to get into our P&L. When you think about the standard garment that we have, certainly, the fabric is a component of that. A bigger component is the labor. And you also have things like trim and freight into our distribution centers. But certainly, the fabric is a component of that, and cotton is a component of that fabric. So when you break it all down, it's not a significant amount of the cost, but there is an impact. But when we see these spikes, in order for it to impact our P&L, it's got to be a long time of that spike. In other words, it has to last through the production of our garments, the shipping of those into our distribution center, sitting in our DC for return, then getting out into our rental locations where it begins to amortize generally over 18 months. So in that first month of shipping into the rental location, we see 1/18 of the impact. So as you can imagine, that cotton has to spike and stay elevated for quite a while before it has a real meaningful impact, and we haven't seen any of it yet.
Michael Hansen: Yes. I think it's going to be slightly -- from a -- I'm speaking from a rental perspective now. I think it's going to be lower than this fourth quarter, but then in the second quarter, should see a move upward and followed by the second half of the year that it's getting closer to the 5.5 to 6 level. But we're a ways from there. I would expect, if the economy continues to perform like it is, I would expect that we should be near that top of that guidance that we gave, and that should play out quarter-by-quarter in the way I mentioned.
Michael Hansen: Yes. I think that's a good question, Scott. I would expect from an EPS quarter-to-quarter perspective, we're going to have -- I mentioned the change to our retirement policy and an increase in our stock-based compensation. We're going to see a good chunk of that in our first quarter, and so it's going to pressure our first quarter margins. Because of that, we also get a benefit, a greater benefit on the tax side of things. So I expect that our first quarter tax rate will be quite lower than the remaining 3 quarters, all of which will probably be closer to that 24% like range.
Michael Hansen: Implied from the low end to the high end is certainly margin improvement, operating margin improvement, and I would say, I think of it in -- a little bit higher than you had said. I think you had said in the low 16s, I would put it more in the mid-16s and at the high end, maybe even a little bit higher than that. So ex synergy, still some nice margin improvement at the top. Now Andrew, we talk about 20% to 30% incremental margin, and clearly, with all of the integration and implementation work that we have, this is not a normal year. And I -- inclusive of all of that, that incremental is going to be a little bit different this year than we would normally think of. When you think about incremental -- when you think about the inefficiencies of the implementation and the integration, when you think about a little bit of a higher energy number, it's not your normal incremental year certainly.
Michael Hansen: More of those types of costs are in the guidance. So when you -- I mentioned earlier that we're -- one of the heavy projects is the route optimization. So I'll give you an example of a market route optimization. In a market where we've got Cintas facilities and G&K facilities that will remain open, we're going to take a look at all of the customers in that marketplace, and we are going to then take those customers in that marketplace and effectively reroute them to make all of our routes in that marketplace more efficient. Now we are certainly cautious because the -- our goal through this process is to minimize the disruption to the customer. And so we always have to keep that in mind, but we will make those routes more efficient. And sometimes, that means moving the processing of certain customers from one location to the other. And when we do that, that means we have to pull garments out of one location and transport them to the other location. That receiving location then has to rebarcode all of those garments, enter them into the system, and they have to do a little bit of that production integration all over again. That's an important part of what we're doing. And we're going to be cautious about it because, again, we're not -- we want to make sure that we don't disrupt the customer or minimize that. And again, we're not looking at a route reduction. We're looking at a route efficiency opportunity. But as you can imagine, moving those garments in between those facilities creates, again, the same kind of inefficiency that we talked about last year.
Michael Hansen: Let's see. That was a lot, Andrew. From the retention standpoint, look, we talked about it all year long and it's been better than we expected. And we are very, very pleased with that. Again, the legacy G&K business was a very good business. They took care of their customers well. We've continued to do that, and we try to make that disruption of the integration as minimal as -- of a disruption as we can. And that has -- that's led to some real nice retention. From the legacy salespeople standpoint, look, we -- they have some very good selling skills. It's just more a matter of making sure they understand our environment, our systems, our products and services and our expectations. And that can take a while to retrain and ramp up. But we like -- as I mentioned, we like the trend that we've seen in each quarter in fiscal '18, and we're encouraged by what we've seen and encouraged by the opportunity that we have moving forward.
Michael Hansen: We would love to continue to be acquisitive in our rental business, in our First Aid and Safety and in our fire businesses. We like all of those opportunities, and we will have an opportunity to be more aggressive in fiscal '19 than we have been in the last few years. And those acquisitions are important to us. Would we look for a different type of opportunity? It depends on the characteristics of the business. And it can -- can it help us continue to grow? And can our current customers take advantage of that new offering? A lot of things that we would have to take into account and the value would have to be at the right place. Having said that, if those things do happen, we'll absolutely be aggressive in looking at it if we feel like it is the right opportunity.
Michael Hansen: Well, Shlomo, we -- when we think about our business, we think about the opportunity to create value to over 1 million businesses that we currently serve and many more that we don't currently serve. And that value can come in the way of image, safety, compliance. And so there are a lot of different ways that we can provide benefits to businesses, and that also then allows us to kind of expand what we currently do, both in our current businesses and maybe then in some type of new offering. In the past, we have moved from the rental business to a first aid to a fire to document management to deep cleaning. There have been opportunities, and we've taken advantage of those. And again, if those kind of opportunities exist, we would certainly love them. I don't know if some of those kinds of services would be surprising to any of you. That I can't answer. But we're not satisfied with simply staying in our swim lanes and not being aggressive in terms of adding value to our customers and to other prospective customers.
Michael Hansen: Andrew, it's really hard to pull it apart, but our expectation was that we certainly still did see shrinkage in that G&K base but likely a little better just based on the top line, likely a little bit better than we had expected. I would say more of the beat of our guidance was our legacy business, and that's operating very, very well even in the midst of lots of moving parts within those locations because of the integration. I can't give you a specific number though, Andrew.
Michael Hansen: Yes, I would say if I had to -- I am guessing. I would say it's fairly similar to that third quarter number.
Michael Hansen: Well, we -- first of all, I would say it's been broadly a positive environment. But we talk a lot about health care in the last few years, and health care remains an exciting opportunity for us for many of our products and services. And that industry vertical continues to grow at very good levels. But I would say, generally, Tim, it's been a fairly broad performance, and we're real pleased with it.
Michael Hansen: Let's see. From a dollar perspective, in the quarter, it's, let's call, at about $53 million for rental and a very small number for the others, less than $5 million, only really a couple million dollars.
Michael Hansen: We've got a lot of moving pieces, and I would say we're going to make significant progress. But I don't have a schedule in front of me, and I don't know that I'm -- I want to get to that level of specificity just simply because it changes quite often. It changes based on what we've got going on in each market from an integration standpoint, from a customer perspective. And as I mentioned a few times, our goal is to minimize customer disruption. And so that might mean moving a little bit from one market to another. So it's hard to pinpoint that, and I'd rather not.
Michael Hansen: I'm not -- I don't want to get into the very specific level. I don't have it in front of me nor do I want to get into that level of detail. But in our first quarter, we are generally wrapping up our fiscal -- our prior fiscal year compensation plans. And so that's generally when we provide the grants. And because of that, that is when a lot of the activity happens. But I can't get into the level of detail, that level of detail that you want.
Michael Hansen: We were over 111.5 million. We're modeling a little bit higher. Tim, when our stock performs as well as it does, the effect of diluted securities really starts to rise. And while there aren't additional shares out there, the effect of those securities increases. So that's why we're seeing that number at that 114 million level.
Michael Hansen: Okay. Thank you very much, and we will be with you at the -- near the end of September for our first quarter results. But thank you for joining us, and have a great rest of your summer.
