Michael Hansen: Good evening, and thank you for joining us tonight. With me is Paul Adler, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. I am battling a little bit of a cough tonight, so I'm going to turn it over to Paul to get us through our prepared remarks.
Michael Hansen: We did not, but the -- it was down about 4.4% year-over-year for the quarter, which is slightly better. You probably saw that Paul had mentioned an increased range. And so it was slightly better than what we expected, and -- but down still about 4.4%.
Michael Hansen: Well, the deal hasn't closed, as you mentioned. And so I would say, we're -- I would expect that if we do see some impact to the industry, it won't be until after it closes. I would say, today, it's still very competitive. The environment is still very competitive and not much changed, though, from 3 months ago.
Michael Hansen: I think Paul's comment was synergies certainly have increased and accelerated in the second quarter, but it is in line with our expectations. We certainly did expect to see that number go up. If you remember after the first quarter, we had talked about a couple dozen locations being consolidated in the first quarter, but many at the end of that first quarter. And so we were able to see the synergies from those as well as some others during the second quarter. And so it is in line with where we expected, but certainly an acceleration of what we saw on the first quarter.
Michael Hansen: No, it really is based on our timetable geographies and markets. And so it is a combination of both small locations and large locations. Still many to do, and -- but going well.
Michael Hansen: When we think about that kind of an ongoing rate of 23% to 26%, there are -- there is a big benefit, obviously, from the drop in the corporate rate. However, couple of things that I might point out. There is something called a Section 199 manufacturing credit that is no longer existing, and that had a small impact on us. There is also the Section 162(m) impact, which is the loss of the deduction for any executive comp over $1 million, that certainly will have an impact. But that's about it. And certainly then for there's the onetime toll charge, if you will, related to the taxing of foreign E&P. But generally speaking, look, we're very excited about the tax reform getting done. We do certainly still need to spend some more time with all of the details. But I would say, over the course of the next couple of months, we'll likely update our guidance to give some more specific thoughts.
Michael Hansen: Well, one thing to keep in mind is our third quarter has an additional loss of workday. But no, we think that margins for the second half of the year are still going to be pretty strong. And I wouldn't read a whole lot of detail into that other than the fact that we're kind of pleased with the quarter, and we're set up still to have a very good year in the back half of the year.
Michael Hansen: No. When a location gets on, we can start to have training conversations and start to get into that. It's going to take a little bit of time to get the ball rolling and to create an impact. But no, once one location is on, we can start talking more about Cintas products and services. They will be available to that location from a system perspective upon conversion.
Michael Hansen: We, I would say, there is a lot of heavy lifting to go still in the back half of the year. Our goal will be to get that synergy number to the high end of that range, certainly. But yes, there is a possibility that we can exceed that. I would say that that's more of a timing thing than a increase to the entire range of 130 to 140. But I think there's an opportunity for that as long as we continue to execute well.
Michael Hansen: Yes, and I think, Scott, as I mentioned, the G&K revenue was a little bit better than we had expected. And our own -- the legacy organic growth continues to perform well.
Michael Hansen: Yes. The range that Paul gave was 8% to 12% for fiscal '18 because of that revaluation of the deferred tax balances. So when you think about the -- if President Trump signs this on January 3, that creates an accounting event for us. We revalue deferred taxes. We have to -- we book the toll charge. And there may be other smaller adjustments that have to be booked, but the impact of the deferred tax reevaluation -- and keep in mind, all those deferred taxes are recorded at a 35% tax rate today and they will go down to 21%. That is a significant benefit or, let's call it, reduction in deferred taxes. And that will create the negative in the third quarter. But thereafter '18, the idea was, look, that's going to be disruption, no question about it at the time in the third quarter. But thereafter, we expect that 23% to 26% as kind of a normalized rate. Now clearly, there are always discrete events that happened like audits and other items that may cause us to move below or above that range at times, but that's kind of what we're thinking in terms of an ongoing rate.
Michael Hansen: Well, we're certainly evaluating that, Scott. I would say that when you think about the cash flow that we've generated in the past, our first priority is to invest in our business. And that's investing in our business, in our employees, whom we call partners, but then also in capital expenditures, et cetera. That is always our first priority. The second priority is we will continue to look for M&A opportunities when they make sense at the right value. We will likely continue to look at dividend increases and then share buyback. So I would say that our prioritization hasn't changed much, but certainly, this is the new wrinkle that we're going to need to spend some time on in terms of both short-term and long-term. And we're -- we don't want to make any quick decisions on that. That's an important opportunity and we're going to take the time we need.
Michael Hansen: It's a little bit of both now. Andrew, when we think about organic growth, keep in mind, our third quarter will be the same kind of organic growth calculation that we've been under for the first 2 quarters, and the fourth quarter is going to be impacted by the G&K deal being lapped, right. So we are -- it's just simply a math problem. We are going to see organic growth drop in the fourth quarter. So to answer your question about the guidance, it's a little bit of both. It's a little bit of nice performance in our legacy organic businesses, especially our First Aid and Safety. And it's also a little bit of nice performance in the G&K revenue. I would suggest that we're going to have another quarter of relatively normalized, if you will, organic growth in the third. It's going to come down in the fourth, just simply because we've lapped that and that's the way the math works. We then expect to see as we move in to '19, that organic growth begin to accelerate back to Cintas levels.
Michael Hansen: Well, I would say that the pricing environment is very competitive. It remains that way. But as I've said in the last several quarters, it seems to be constructive still. We probably have more price increases during the close of the beginning of our fiscal year, but that's not all customers, but probably a little bit more in that beginning of the fiscal year. In terms of our philosophy, it's a conversation about the value that we're providing to all of our customers. And so it is a customer-by-customer conversation about the wear and tear of the garments, the different products and services that we're providing, the service component, et cetera. And so it's a lot of different things that go into pricing.
Michael Hansen: Well, if we're speaking about specifically the Uniform Rental business, look, we'll take a look at all opportunities that are available to us. And do I think that we'd be able to do a large deal? I think it really would depend on that specific opportunity, and there could be some challenges. Our goal would be to take a look at it and evaluate how we feel about those challenges. And so, John, look, that's a -- to say whether or not we could. I think it just depends on the opportunity, but any big deal will likely come with some challenges.
Michael Hansen: Well, look, I mentioned that the pricing environment is fairly competitive today. It's been that way for many years, maybe a little bit more constructive in the last couple years. But I don't expect that to change. I think it will continue to be very competitive because there are many players both local, regional and national. And there are -- not everyone has to rent uniforms. And so I think there is -- we have to continue to show that we can provide a good value. But I think it's going to continue to be competitive. I don't see it changing much because of the Aramark/AmeriPride deal.
Michael Hansen: Sure. We love that the information that this system will provide to us once we are -- once we have our entire business on. It allows us to much more quickly see opportunities that exist to look at industry specifics and be able to better target prospects, target existing customers for different types of products and services. And so more than anything, the information, we believe, will allow our salespeople and our service people to be more productive and efficient.
Michael Hansen: I think it's too early to tell, Gary. Certainly, that could throw a little bit of a wrinkle into the way our products and services are priced in the marketplace. We're going to have to keep our eyes on that and see how it plays out. But I think it's a little early, but certainly that we're going to keep our eyes on it. It is something that could add a little bit of a wrinkle.
Michael Hansen: Yes, I think, Gary, that all those things are likely on the table. We're going to evaluate, and we are going to -- we, first and foremost, we are long-term operators. And so, we're -- the first thing that we will do is evaluate how best this can make us stronger for the long-term. And there could be some short-term decisions because of that, there could be some longer-term decisions. But I think -- this is -- look, it's a new day, and we're going to have to get busy evaluating how to invest, how to best invest this benefit. But I don't have any answer. It's just -- it's not even signed yet, and we need to spend a little bit more time with it, but it certainly will have an impact.
Michael Hansen: I believe that, that certainly will benefit us. Gary, I need to spend a little bit more time on the specifics of those rules. But, yes, I think it certainly could create an improved cash flow because of that immediate expensing over the next 5 years. But I'm -- I -- we need to do a little bit more research on exactly the CapEx that we have that qualifies, but I like it. And I think it's going to be positive for us.
Michael Hansen: Yes. Gary, I think it's all three of those. First of all, the revenue itself is going to bottom out, and that -- or that the decrease is going to stop, probably in our fourth quarter. But we have hired. We -- first of all, we brought on many legacy G&K salespeople for the open positions that they had. We have been hiring and training, and we saw some nice improvements in productivity from the first quarter to the second. And we like what we see so far. So -- and as you probably know, Gary, with our business, we sell many small accounts every single week and it takes a little bit of time for all of those small accounts to accumulate over time. And so as we think about fiscal '19, we will enter that fiscal year with a little bit better new business momentum from that block of salespeople. We will have seen the bottom of the trough in terms of the revenue overall. And then lastly, yes, we're going to start to see some benefits of cross-sell and penetration into those customers. I don't believe we'll see any impact in fiscal '18. But fiscal '19, we should start to see some impact. I think the biggest thing is really the new business effort, though, that will get back on track after about a year of those legacy G&K salespeople seeing a reverse momentum because of the announcement of the acquisition and then the retraining, et cetera.
Michael Hansen: We did not, David. We have consolidated a number of those operations into the legacy Cintas locations, it becomes very, very difficult to separate what was from a gross margin perspective, what was legacy Cintas versus what was legacy G&K.
Michael Hansen: Yes. It's primarily those that you just mentioned. So the continued reduction of the corporate G&A and getting almost a full quarter now of many of those savings, it is the benefits of the consolidation of a number of locations. So yes, it is all of those things. As we move forward, the items that are really left are continuing to convert to systems and to look at the sourcing opportunities that are out there because as we've talked in the past, we're still using much legacy G&K inventory, and so we need to burn through that. And once we burn through that, we'll start to then order through the Cintas supply chains. We expect that, that will create some saving opportunities.
Michael Hansen: Well, look, a lot of that depends on gas prices of the day. But I think Paul mentioned, if we were -- well, I'll say it this way, for that G&K block of business, that fuel is about 3% of revenue. And so there is an opportunity to pull that down, certainly. And as we have converted the system and we then begin the route optimization process, that allows us to do some rerouting and get those savings. So you are right, Tim. That will start to come over the next several quarters as we complete those kind of integration plans. Could it get below 2% in today's environment? I would say, it's -- I don't think so. I think it probably could come down 10 to 20 basis points as a company. But again, I would think about it from the standpoint of we can get that 3% down to probably something closer to 2% for that block of business.
Michael Hansen: I haven't looked at that. I believe your math, but I haven't specifically looked at that, but it sounds reasonable.
Michael Hansen: For the quarter, yes, Tim, you were correct that it's pretty close to a 50-50 split in terms of SG&A versus gross margin. By the end of the year, I think it's going to start to tilt towards gross margin as we get more and more of the benefits of consolidation of locations and that the system conversion and route optimization. So I think we will start to tilt more heavily towards the gross margin.
Michael Hansen: No. No, we're not, Sean. I think, the issue is as we move any location, whether it's a legacy Cintas or G&K, there is disruption during that period of implementation -- I'm sorry, of conversion, system conversion. And if you're comparing a converted location to one that hasn't converted, that one that hasn't converted hasn't had any disruption yet. And so we're still so early in that system conversion process that we're seeing, certainly, some impact of the disruption. But nothing -- I would say we're not seeing anything that is material in terms of the separation of performance at this point.
Michael Hansen: Andy, we're about 18 months from a fairly good sized investment in salespeople in that First Aid and Safety business, if you remember, kind of coming out of the ZEE integration process. And we're just -- we're seeing some real nice productivity out of our new sales partners.
Michael Hansen: Thank you very much for joining us tonight and season's greetings to all. We'll issue our third quarter earnings in March and we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Thank you.
Paul Adler: Certainly, the expectations for that business, First Aid, have continued to be high single digits. We still have a lot of opportunity to grow our customer base and with the safety cabinets and other products and services, got OSHA and others drive required in those cabinets. There's still plenty of good organic growth to come.
Paul Adler: Yes, Scott. That was our estimates at the time. You got that correct. And we said of the $10 million to $15 million, about half of that would be in Q2. Fortunately, we were always in good shape. We had mentioned on the last call that we didn't have much damage to our facilities, and we were able to be up and running. So it was just dependent upon how quickly the customers could get back up and running. But pleasantly to our surprise, they get up and running pretty quickly. And instead of, what, $5 million to $7 million top line impact in the quarter, it was only about $1 million. And then for the remaining 2 quarters, $1 million is probably top line at most. So good news is this turned out to be really a nonevent from the headwind to the top line.
Paul Adler: No, I don't know if it was sizable. But yes, I mean, certainly, based upon our last guide, as I said, we expected maybe $5 million to $7 million of headwinds and it was only -- in the second quarter, it was only about $1 million. So yes, $4 million, $5 million of benefits but certainly the top line we see was much more than that.
Paul Adler: David, on the top line, I think you mentioned our customers, too, in that business. And we do watch the rig counts as an indicator of how things are performing and we definitely have seen stabilization in that customer base. And we've talked about that from last quarter to that and we kind of lapped all that. So it's stable, but we haven't seen a lot of growth in the customer base fueling that line of garments, flame resistant type garments.
Paul Adler: Yes. Andy, on the add-stops, the add-stops metric is positive, but it's typically positive at this time of the year. Nothing really remarkable in it to speak of. Still the main drivers of growth are new business and penetration. So to answer your question specifically about anything changing, not really. It's still been consistent in terms of retention and pricing as well. So no significant changes there. And then, First Aid, yes, again, we were talking earlier about the expectation of that growing high single digits, and it's still a good mix of brand new customers, who value the service and want us to handle the compliance for them and provide a benefit to their employees, but also some good penetration. We continue to evolve in that business to offer more and more ancillary products and services like that safety cabinets and other things that we can put in there and a lot around safety and training. That's becoming a significant part of the revenue base, whether it's a training on materials handling or training and the safety training on CPR. That becomes -- continuously becomes a significant portion of the overall revenue.
