Michael Hansen: Good evening and thank you for joining us. With me is Paul Adler, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. We will discuss our second quarter results for fiscal 2016. And after our commentary, we'll be happy to answer any questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. We're pleased to report second quarter revenue of $1.219 billion, an increase of 8.5% from the prior-year second quarter. Organic revenue growth, which adjusts for the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, was 6.5%. Organic revenue growth for Uniform Rental and Facility Services was 6.2%, and the First Aid and Safety Services organic growth was 9.8%. The performance of our sales force in both segments continues to be strong, with the solid improvement in the sales rep productivity. We are pleased with our ability to continue to add new customers and to provide existing customers with additional products and services from our broad line. Second quarter operating income was $200.3 million, an increase of 10.3% over last year's second quarter. Second quarter operating margin improved to 16.4% of revenue compared to an operating margin of 16.2% in the prior-year period. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment led the way with a margin of 18.1%. Net income from continuing operations for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 was $115.5 million, compared to $103.7 million in the prior-year period. An increase of 11.3%. Net income from continuing operations as a percent of revenue improved to 9.5% from 9.2% of revenue in last fiscal year's second quarter. Earnings per diluted share or EPS from continuing operations for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 were $1.03 compared to $0.86 for the second quarter of last year. Second quarter fiscal 2016 EPS from continuing operations increased 19.8% compared to the prior-year period. We are on pace to achieve our sixth consecutive year of double-digit increases in EPS. As Cintas CEO Scott Farmer stated in today's press release, we're happy to again report strong increases in revenue, operating income and EPS. We thank our employees, whom we call partners, for continuously striving to exceed expectations. As a result of our second quarter results, we're updating our annual guidance. We expect fiscal 2016 revenue to be in the range of $4.825 billion to $4.880 billion and fiscal 2016 EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $3.83 to $3.90. This guidance does not include any potential deterioration in the U.S. economy or additional share buybacks. The EPS guidance is detailed in the table within today's press release. On December 4, we paid an annual dividend of $1.05 per share, totaling $115.5 million. The dividend per share was 23.5% more than last year's annual dividend of $0.85 per share, and was the 32nd consecutive year it have been increased. The dividend coupled with our share buyback program demonstrates our commitment to increasing shareholder value. As previously disclosed since the beginning of fiscal year 2016, Cintas repurchased about 4.5 million shares under our buyback program at an aggregate cost of $382.9 million, including $180.4 million of repurchases in the second quarter. The company still has $380 million available under the current Board of Directors stock repurchase authorization. Before Paul provides more details of company financial performance, I want to briefly address the impact of oil, gas, and coal on our results. We've talked a lot about the benefits of low fuel prices, but we've seen these low fuel prices affect our customers more than anticipated 90 days ago. U.S. oil rig counts are down over 60% compared to last year, and the price of oil has tumbled below $40 per barrel. We see the impact of headcount reductions in not only the oil industry, but also in gas and coal. We estimate that headcount reductions in these industries lowered our organic growth rate by about 75 basis points in the second quarter and reduced our operating margin by about 35 basis points. While low fuel prices still more than offset this bottom-line impact in the second quarter, we expect this net impact to be even or slightly negative in the second half of the year. I'll now turn the call over to Paul for additional information.
Michael Hansen: Well, Manav, that – first, let me say that understanding this is not – the impact of this is not an exact science. So we said 75 basis points in the second quarter. And I would say in the second half of the year, we would expect roughly the same in the third quarter, 70 to 80 basis points. And then probably in the fourth quarter, about half of that, because we – the fourth quarter is when we started to see the negative impact from our customers last year. And so, if we continue at the current rate, we would expect that the year-over-year impact is going to be slightly smaller in the fourth quarter.
Michael Hansen: There is some of that in the First Aid as well. We do have a very nice business in that industry from a First Aid and Safety standpoint.
Michael Hansen: Well, George, the second quarter is generally a positive quarter from us because of some of the things that Paul mentioned, because of the seasonal nature of jackets and extra mat placements. So it was positive, but not as positive as last year, and due to the reasons that Paul cited.
Michael Hansen: We plan to add routes similarly to the way we've done in the last few years, and that is throughout the year. Our anticipation is to add routes to allow our drivers, our service sales reps, the time and the daily capacity to proactively serve our customers to look for up-selling opportunities, et cetera. And so I think we'll – we don't expect any dramatic changes in route efficiency this year compared to last year because in both years, we're going to be adding.
Michael Hansen: Far fewer than 20% of our Uniform Rental customers are purchasing First Aid and Safety Services from us. We think there's a lot of runway there. And we still believe that there are a lot of opportunities outside of our existing customer base as well. In that First Aid and Safety business, there are a lot of businesses today who are handling these issues themselves in-house, maybe going to a catalog company or to Wal-Mart to serve – to take care of their first aid and safety needs. And we believe that we can do it much, much more efficiently at a great value for them. But we've got a lot of opportunity there to get more into our programs, again both within our customer base and outside of our customer base. How long can we continue this high single, low double-digits? We believe into the future. We love the opportunity that the umbrellas of first aid, safety, and compliance bring us, and we think it's really a great business model for us and a great value proposition for businesses.
Michael Hansen: I would say that while it can be certainly a bumpy business, the direct sale, I don't know that I would say we're facing headwinds. We still expect good organic growth and improving operating margins. And keep in mind Gary, there are specific segment accounting rules that I think Paul went over last quarter that we have followed and will continue to follow as it relates to break out of the businesses.
Michael Hansen: It is reasonable. So we're about a quarter into that integration. It's going well as Paul mentioned. We are converting routes on to our SAP system. We are rebranding our trucks and that process is going very well. We like the improvements that we're seeing. We still have a lot of improvement opportunities and we would expect that sequentially, over the next several quarters, we'll continue to improve. We could have a little bumpiness here and there given the integration process, but generally speaking, yes, sequentially, going forward, we expect to see improvement, and we're excited about the opportunities that they bring. I would say that when we get to our July earnings release, we'll probably be in better position to speak to our thoughts going forward on the business. But as for this fiscal year, we're focused on the integration, and as I said, it continues to go well.
Michael Hansen: Well, just, Nate, just as we are with our routes, we're consistently adding sales reps as well. We certainly understand that in order to keep growing, we do need to continue to expand. We believe that we have opportunities, that there are prospects available for us to continue to add. And the other great thing is, while we're adding, we're also seeing productivity improvements. And as you said, some of that is process and some of that's innovation that allows us – allows our sales reps to have more opportunities to sell. So, we're going to be adding, just as we have over the last few years. There have been times in the last several years, both in our sales reps and in our routes where we have increased the rate of additions in a quarter here or there, but absent that increased rate, we're generally adding because we want to continue to grow, we want to give capacity to our routes, we want to give – we want to get in front of more prospects and existing customers.
Michael Hansen: Well, we're – a part of our culture is to continuously challenge ourselves and improve. And so I think we get incremental improvements every year, whether it's with the hiring of new reps and the profiles that we're looking for, whether it's the training that we do to get them ramped up as quickly as possible. The selling process itself, we're constantly looking for ways to improve. We do have a nice sales prospecting system that we put in, gosh, in the last year or so that is helping us. But I don't know that I'd see or care to share any other improvements that will be a leap forward in productivity levels in the next year or so.
Michael Hansen: Got it. We did contemplate it as we moved into the early in the fiscal year. And with something like a campaign, you can kind of turn it on and off a little bit, you can serve it to meet the needs, and we've done a little bit of that. And we didn't – because at the beginning of the year, there's – we've got so much of the year to go. We want to see how the beginning of the year goes before we commit to things. But the year has gone well so far. We did start spending on that campaign in the second quarter. I would expect as Paul said to see that expense go up in the third quarter. We're excited about the campaign. One of the things that we hear from our customers frequently is that, they didn't know that we can provide all of the different products and services that we do. So for example, we hear from Uniform Rental customers, gosh, I didn't know that you were in the first aid and safety business or I didn't know that you have – that you provide fire protection services. And so one of the goals is to raise awareness of all of the ways that we can provide value to our customers and we're excited about that. As it relates to more details, I would say stay tuned, but we're excited about that. Now, when we...
Michael Hansen: When I mentioned that – and Paul mentioned, that we'll see a little bit more expense in the third quarter, let me speak a little bit to the second half of the year guidance. Paul touched on a few things in his opening comments. One is we may spend a little bit more on this marketing campaign in the third quarter. Secondly, our tax rate in the third quarter last year was less than what we're guiding towards this year in the third quarter. It was more in the fourth quarter last year than what we're guiding towards. So that's going to have a year-over-year impact, so slightly negative in the third, maybe a little bit positive in the fourth. And then the last thing I would point to as it relates to the second half of the year guidance is that we have one more work day in the fourth quarter than we do in the third quarter. And so when you take all three of those things and you think about our guidance and you think about your modeling, I would suggest that the fourth quarter is going to be weighted more heavily in terms of profitability than the third quarter is. So, sorry for that [indiscernible].
Michael Hansen: And so, if we think about the overall operating margin, I think that we expect that we'll get some continued margin improvement in the back half of the year. It is going to be a little bit pressured, though, because the year-over-year benefit of energy is going to decrease, probably if – assuming that 2% rate is down to 40 basis points in the third and 20 basis points in the fourth, and that negative impact from oil and gas customers will start to become a bigger part of the net number, if you will. So while we do expect to continue to improve margins, I would say that given the pressure of that alone, we might be a little – we might see a little bit of narrowing in the second half of the year.
Michael Hansen: Well, so, Andy, keep in mind that you can't just take the energy benefit, the 60 basis points year-over-year and say that that is the only impact from energy. We are seeing our oil and gas customers being negatively impacted, probably to a larger extent in the second quarter than we anticipated 90 days ago. So, certainly, that low fuel price is having an offset, and we're seeing some of that. On the other hand, we are – we will continue to invest in the business. And you are correct: some of that – I mean, if we pulled back on investment, we could certainly make margins get higher. But we want to keep investing in the business, and we'll continue to do that going forward.
Michael Hansen: I would say that the guidance hike is a bit on second quarter performing pretty well, and maybe a little bit slightly better than we anticipated, and then just a firming of how we feel about the overall business including the First Aid and Safety improvements. So while I wouldn't put a lot into saying that the ZEE is going much better than we expected, it's going well, and it's going fairly closely to as we expected, and maybe a little bit of that improvement could come from ZEE. But I think it's the combination of feeling really good about the second quarter performance and seeing that move into the second half of the year.
Michael Hansen: Sure. On December 4, we closed an acquisition of Coyne Textile Services. Coyne was in bankruptcy proceedings. We did not buy all of the business; we bought only a part of the business. It's a little bit of a different kind of acquisition for us; first time we bought a business out of bankruptcy. And so, we're in the midst of integrating that, and because it's in – because it was in bankruptcy, obviously it probably wasn't the strongest business that we've every acquired. And so we want to make sure we understand how it rolls in, but it's – we paid about $33.6 million for the acquisition. We believe that it will provide about $25 million to $30 million of annual revenue. We're in the midst of integrating that into quite a few different rental facilities where it's a really nice tuck-in opportunity. We have contemplated that into the guidance. And I would say from a top line perspective a couple things to keep in mind, while we have contemplated that into the guidance, we have also seen the impact of the Canadian dollar weakening a little bit more than we anticipated 90 days ago. And as we talked about oil and gas, that impact, negative impact is a little bit higher than we anticipated 90 days ago as well. And so when you combine those three things together, we feel like the right thing to do is to leave the top end of the guidance where it is, but we feel good enough about the operating environment to move that bottom end of the guidance, revenue guidance up $25 million. From an EPS standpoint, that acquisition kind of fits into, again, getting a better feel for where we are at the middle of the year. And while we might see some benefit, we are – from a bottom-line standpoint, we really need to see what we've got coming out of the holidays before we can adequately assess that business's impact.
Michael Hansen: No initial signs that it will be different from the previous years. I will tell you that we're cautious about the way we view this economy. And coming out of the holidays, we're a little bit probably more cautious than we thought we would've been 90 days ago. But we still feel good about our ability to execute in this environment. I think, John, a little bit more as it relates to the holiday, and then rolling into January-February, I think a little bit more has to do with the weather. We'd like to see a little bit cooler weather to add more jackets; a little bit of – a little bit more rain and snow will add some more mat placements. That, we'd like to see, and probably has us watching more closely than any shutdowns during the holiday period.
Michael Hansen: I would say that while there is a little bit of that, yes. We do have a lot of good projects in the pipeline in that business and our expectation is that we'll see an offset. So I don't anticipate any unusual softness in that business in the next six months.
Michael Hansen: John, I would say we're looking at ways to get as many touches as we possibly can, but I'd rather not get into too many details. I would just say stay tune and we'll talk about it certainly more at our third quarter call.
Michael Hansen: So our guidance contemplates that the environment that we see today continues. And I would say that we have – throughout our second quarter, we did see our oil, gas, mining customers being more negatively impacted than in the previous quarters. But I would say we haven't seen it extend to any significant degree outside of that. We didn't see that in our second quarter. And I think what Paul was referring to is that we're not convinced that we're in an industrial recessionary environment. We certainly know that the strong dollar can have some impact on certain types of manufacturing and certain types of customers, but we also know that it's a benefit to others. And our thoughts are generally that the current operating environment will continue in the second half of the year. And while we're cautious and maybe a little bit more so than 90 days ago, we still feel good about this operating environment and in our ability to achieve the guidance in this environment.
Michael Hansen: Yes, M&A. So from an international standpoint, because of some of the document management divestitures, we do have about $100 million of cash outside of the U.S. And we'd certainly look for good opportunities to make investments, for example with the ZEE business. We paid for the Canadian business with Canadian dollars – with international dollars. So we'd love to continue to do that kind of acquisition opportunity. As it relates to M&A, in general, so in the U.S., primarily, the pipeline has been good for us in the first six months or so of the fiscal year. We made the ZEE acquisition in August, we made this Coyne acquisition in early December, and we would love to continue to make acquisitions like these two that are great tuck-in opportunities where we feel like we can get really good incremental margins.
Michael Hansen: A lot – about a year ago, Shlomo, we talked about that being 2% to 3%; let's call it 3%-ish. I would say given the course of the events over the last year, that business is smaller than 3%. Our other businesses have grown and continued growing, and that business has not. So it's still a fairly small block of business for us, but it has suffered quite a bit.
Michael Hansen: So, a couple of comments on cash. Yes, there is a lot on our balance sheet at November 30. A couple of things again, about a $100 million of that is outside of the U.S. So to bring that into the U.S. would be fairly costly. We did spend a $115.5 million on our dividend in the first week of December. That was a dividend of a $1.05, which was a 23.5% increase, so we are happy to share that with our shareholders. We did make the Coyne acquisition that closed on December 4 to just over $33 million. And as Paul said, we've got a – you'll see on the balance sheet about a $236 million income taxes payable that will happen in February. So those last three items we're going to be spending just under $400 million on those alone. So while there is a lot of cash on the balance sheet at November 30, there are plans for a good chunk of that. Having said that, we'll continue to generate cash. We would love to put that cash to work in accretive acquisitions, similar to ZEE and Coyne. And we'll keep looking for those opportunities. That certainly is our highest priority. But if there aren't good opportunities and we believe that the share buyback program is appropriate, we've certainly got a track record of showing that we will put that cash to work.
Michael Hansen: A couple of comments and thoughts. You may see from a First Aid perspective, we're getting really nice G&A leveraging from the ZEE Medical acquisition. That's a business that – where we didn't bring a lot of G&A and overhead across, and that's why we'd like that opportunity so much. So we've seen some real nice leveraging there. Yet a marketing campaign is a little bit of a blip in the second half of our fiscal year, but I would say going into the fiscal 2017 and then even more so in fiscal 2018, we're going to have the SAP project concluding and beginning to depreciate. And so we will see some impact of that in the next two fiscal years. Absent that, we absolutely believe that we should be and believe we can grow SG&A at a slower rate than our revenue growth, and we expect that every single year. And so absent the couple of callouts, we expect to get leveraging in the G&A area every single year. So getting back to, is 28% the right number, Andrew – or is 27%, 28% is right number, we need to see a little bit more of how our First Aid business operates with the ZEE integration. And I think next year will be a better indicator.
Michael Hansen: Well, thank you all for joining us tonight, and we wish you all a happy holiday. We will issue our third quarter earnings in late March. And we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Thank you. Good night.
Paul Adler: Yes. Manav, this is Paul. First, I would say that we've worked hard to diversify our customer base. And we've disclosed previously that we have no single customer that comprises more than 1% of our revenue. And we also don't have any three-digit [makes] [ph] code or industry code that comprises more than 10% of our revenue. And obviously, we have weathered the offshoring of all the U.S. jobs, U.S. manufacturing jobs years and years and years ago, and we continued to evolve. Now, we have more hygiene products than we ever had before. We have retail-inspired work wear like Carhartt that enables us to put people in uniform that previously did not want the program or were not interested in one. And we're in healthcare with scrub rental. So we continue to evolve, such that currently, our percentage of our customer base that is in the service-providing sector of the economy is about 70%. So about 30% of our customer base is in the goods-producing areas of the economy. And by goods-producing, I mean oil, gas, coal, construction, and manufacturing as well. So we obviously are reading the same press releases that you are. We understand the headwinds to U.S. manufacturing, and we're keeping an eye on it. But at the same time, we're trying to keep things in perspective. We do know that not every single one of our customers in manufacturing exports. And so, for many of those, they are receiving the benefits of lower energy prices and other low input costs to their cost structure like commodities, et cetera. So the bottom line is we're continuing to monitor it. But at this point in time, the only negative impact to our business that we see in this goods-producing sector of the economy is from oil, gas, and coal.
Paul Adler: Yes. I would say there's two things that were noteworthy regarding adds and the stops in the quarter. And the first, of course, is the impact to our metric from the headcount reductions in the oil, gas, and coal. We definitely saw that negative impact in our flame-resistant garment add-stops metric. The second item of note was that we did have some softness in our add-stops as it relates to weather. If you recall last year, at this point in time, winter seemed like it had already arrived, and it's been a much milder fall and start to winter this year. And when we don't have that snow, we have fewer mat placements. And that cold weather also helps us to get some additional revenue change over into outerwear, jackets, long sleeves, et cetera. So it's hard to quantify, but we do know that there is some softness as a result of that seasonal fluctuation.
Paul Adler: Yes, Gary, the organic growth was 6.1% in the quarter. And just remember that that All Other contains predominantly your fire protection services and then also contains our direct sale business, or our national account programs. And so just remember that that can be choppy just by the nature of that direct sale business with the fact that you have rollouts with large customer programs that don't, by their very nature, repeat.
Paul Adler: Yeah, Nate, this is Paul. Pricing environment really hasn't changed significantly from last quarter. Still favorable overall, as we continue to talk about the value of our services and our products. But at the same time, it does remain competitive. National accounts are, in particular, more competitive than other business, and that's why we still focus on new business efforts around those no-programmers, those that have not had the program before, as we get the best value there. And that split, Nate, at still 60-40: 60% from no-programmers, 40% in terms of getting share from our competition.
Paul Adler: Yes, Sara, the guidance for the remainder of the year assumes that we're going to remain at that same percent of revenue that we are in Q2, which was that 2.0%.
