William C. Gale: Good evening, and thank you for joining us to report our Second Quarter Results for Fiscal 2012. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. After some commentary on the results, we will be happy to answer questions. We are pleased to report that our second quarter revenue grew 8.8% from last year's second quarter to a record revenue of $1,019,000,000. Net income increased by 33.1% to $74.4 million, and earnings per share were $0.57, a 50% increase over last year. Our operating margin continued to expand as our second quarter operating margin of 13% was an improvement over both last year's second quarter operating margin of 10.9% and this year's first quarter operating margin of 12.6%. This improvement came despite significantly lower recycled paper prices. This margin expansion continues to be driven by better capacity utilization, our focus on selling profitable business and controlling our cost, particularly in our general and administrative area. At our last earnings call in mid-September, we spoke of our cautiousness toward the U.S. economy. Only about 100,000 jobs have been created during our first fiscal quarter, and 2011 and 2012 economic forecast were worsening while the stock market was declining. Despite our strong first quarter results, we were uncertain about how our business would be affected by the macro environment. Obviously, given this backdrop heading into our second quarter, we have been very pleased to see that our business continued to be strong throughout this quarter.  While we continue to be cautious regarding the U.S. economy, we do have more confidence about our ability to execute in this less than robust environment. As a result, we are updating our guidance for fiscal 2012. We now expect fiscal 2012 revenues to be in the range of $4.075 billion to $4.125 billion, and we expect earnings per diluted share in the range of $2.16 to $2.20. This guidance assumes no significant changes in the U.S. economy and effective tax rate of 37% for the entire 2012 fiscal year, assumes recycled paper prices to be approximately $150 per ton, which is our price for November and December, and energy-related cost to be approximately 3.5% of revenue. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike for more details on our second quarter.
William C. Gale: It's a combination of both, Vishnu, as well as the additional revenue that we're obtaining. So we're getting the revenue growth. And obviously, we're not having to add as much capacity. And so, I would say, based on our expectations, we continue to expect margin improvement going forward. We've been saying that for some time. And I think, as you've seen this year, we've been able to accomplish that. And so, therefore, I continue to expect margin expansion going forward, assuming kind of economic environment that we're currently in and the rate of energy costs and other large costs that we're seeing at this time.
William C. Gale: Not really. Our core business continues to be spread among businesses of all types. As we’ve talked about in last quarter or so, many of our new customers are coming from companies who had never used the programs before, and that continues. But it really crosses the traditional type of customers that we've always had, a lot of service sector type customers. We have a small amount of manufacturing, but it reall,y pretty much standardized than what we've seen in the past.
William C. Gale: Well, John, the bright spots are some of the things that we’ve talk about, the Carhartt program has been very successful, the fire-resistant clothing line has been very successful, and a lot of our new facility services programs have been very successful, our tile and carpet, our chemicals are growing well. And so, we've had some real good experience there. And I think the positive is that we've done this in a period of time where there hasn't been a lot of customer hiring. And so, if we can see some pickup in the hiring from our customers, we should see even more improvement.
William C. Gale: Well, we still have -- in emerging businesses lines, we still have a lot of investment being made in the sales end as well as establishing appropriate levels of management in markets that don't have a lot of revenue yet, because we know we're going to grow into them. So that's going to continue for a while. I would say that we have done an excellent job with controlling our cost in the overhead areas. All of the management in the company have put a lot of effort into making sure that we don't add headcount unless absolutely necessary. We continue to see excellent productivity at the part of our sales force. I think a lot of that is attributable to the tenure, as well as the vast amount of products that we're offering and the quality of the products that we're offering. So I'd say we are -- the company continues to be committed toward letting SG&A increase at a slower rate than revenue to the extent we can. And I expect that to continue for the foreseeable future.
William C. Gale: Well, I think as you can see, we really didn't do any appreciable acquisitions during the quarter nor we've done any for the year. I am not sensing there is a lot of activity out there. There's chatter and discussions, but nothing really seems to be happening on that front. And yet, as you see, we're continuing to grow very nicely. So we don't really need to make the acquisitions, but if they become available, we will certainly look at them, and do so at the appropriate profit values and to enhance our shareholder value for our shareholders. But right now, there doesn't seem to be a lot going on.
William C. Gale: Well, the add/stops, as we I think said last quarter, continue to be slightly positive. The second quarter, they were a little bit more positive than the first quarter, but not appreciably so yet. There are some pockets of add of uniform wears, but by and large, the majority of the adds are coming from additional products and services into our existing customers.
William C. Gale: I think the view is, is if you look at where the add/stop -- the employment growth is coming from, a lot of that is healthcare. And there's really -- we're not doing a lot of healthcare yet. Some of it's in the hospitality arena, which is more kind of a direct sale program, but it's like a lot of it's focused on fast food. We don't do a lot of fast food. So I think what you have to do, Gary, is you really have to look at where the job growth is at, and I think that you're going to find that there wasn't a lot that impacts our area, our traditional customers. Now we do not have a lot of manufacturing-type customers, it's less than 15%. Most of our customers are more in the service area, but we're not seeing a lot of job growth there.
William C. Gale: Well, it's difficult to say. Obviously, we are up against a little bit more difficult comps, but I think we've -- we believe we will be able to continue to grow. And while maybe the rate of SG&A improvement won't be as great, we continue to expect there to be improved SG&A leverage as we go forward.
William C. Gale: I think it can have gross margins equal to the Uniform business overtime. I think we still have a lot of operations around the country that have not gotten to the stage where they're producing those margins, because they're just not large enough. So they have that ability going forward. So there certainly is room for improvement going down, over the next course of the next few years.
William C. Gale: It's still a really small element of the overall revenue growth, I mean on the overall revenue, Andy. It is a -- it did grow nicely in the quarter, met our expectations. But it is relatively small. So it doesn't have that big an impact yet.
William C. Gale: We have adjusted the guidance based on both the performance year-to-date, where we have significantly beat expectations. As well as, as we look to the rest of the year, we feel more comparable, as Mike said, of being able to perform even in this lackluster economic environment. And you're right, had it not been for the paper price drop, we would have been able to report or to provide guidance that was even better than this. So we still continue to believe that we're going to be in a very sluggish economy, and we've taken into account this very dramatic drop in paper prices into those numbers. And yet, I think we are signaling a pretty nice improvement this year over the prior year, based on our results to date and our expectations.
William C. Gale: Well, I think we have to manage our cash flow. We have obviously just received that authorization in late October. As Mike said, we paid our dividend in early December. We paid a lot of interest. And we continue to stay in close touch with the board and look at the market situation, and we will report each quarter what we decide to do on that authorization.
William C. Gale: Mike said that in his comments, we saw this last quarter where our competitors finally faced the music with the rise in commodity costs that they were seeing, and they became more rational in pricing. And while we had continued to be very disciplined on our pricing, with the competitive environment improving, which continued into this quarter, we saw a little bit of more pricing power. So that pricing has not returned to where it was, but it certainly has become more of a possibility of getting better pricing to what we were seeing a year or so ago. And I would say that's most pronounced in the Rental business, and especially in the Garment business because that was who -- our garment competitors were who were really driving prices down for a while.
William C. Gale: There's been really no changes of any insignificance at our uniforms with the mix. I mean we're continuing to work with various fabric suppliers and looking at alternatives, but nothing has really entered the chain yet. Keep in mind that the cotton prices, while they have come down this year, are still above historical levels. And while they are significantly below where they were last fall, all of that cotton that came into the supply chain last fall really didn't get into the garments and the distribution centers until the spring and now are really starting to be injected into the rental programs, both for our competitors as well as ourselves. And as we said, you have those high cotton prices remain with you for a while because of the amortization and the period of time it takes from the cotton at the farm until it gets into the garment. The lower prices, if they are sustained, will certainly help lessen the impact of cotton into the future. But we are kind of stuck with those higher prices, at least through this fiscal year and into part of fiscal '13. And then, as I said, even the prices today are still above historical level. So they don't seem to be coming down as quickly as they did from the fall to the first of the summer.
William C. Gale: The European -- I think I mentioned this in the last couple of quarters. We had pretty much decided to focus on the acquisitions we had made in Europe, and then to determine how well we could grow those businesses, what we could do with improving the profitability. And so, the strategy that we had was that we were really not going to be very aggressive for a period of time in Europe. We're going to work with what we have, and that is what we are doing. We have not lost interest in Europe. We still think it's a very good market for the Document Management business. They have obviously have their economic issues over there. And we are taking appropriate action on those businesses to make sure that they will regain profitability and then we can position ourselves for growth. Regarding your question on maintaining a cash balance, I don't think that would have anything to do with that for what it would look like for purposes of appealing to a bank or to the financing. Most of our financing will be public financings anyway. I think the whole use of cash, whether we use it for share purchases, whether we use it for M&A, whether we do pay off of our debt, is all going to be taken into consideration based on the environment, looking out what happens with our share price, what happens with our business. And we'll continue to assess that month-by-month as the conditions warrant. So I would not make a big deal why we didn't execute anything under that authorization because of the short timeframe we've had since then. But we will continue to monitor that. And given our guidance, we're going to continue to generate a lot of nice cash flow.
William C. Gale: I'd say FRC, the flame-resistant garments, continue to be one of the stars, and that's primarily in oil, the energy fields, energy processing, chemical processing, et cetera. That continues to be very, very strong. Healthcare is picking up some momentum, as we look at opportunities to provide a rental product in the healthcare industry. And then, we are starting to make some headway in rental programs in the hospitality sector, but those are relatively small at this point.
William C. Gale: Very little, Sara. Our clients don't really tell us what they're going to do. We continue to have our salespeople and our service people trying to penetrate that with additional products and services. But we don't get a lot of visibility from them as to what their plans are.
William C. Gale: As Mike said, let's take the different businesses. In the Rental business, while we'll have to continue to invest in the capacity on the Route side, from the Production side, we don't have the need for a lot of additional investment other than for replacement and improvement-type capital. So we're not anticipating having to build a lot of rental facilities in the near future because of the available capacity in the different mix of the business. But on the Emerging business side, we will continue to invest in the expansion capital for additional trucks, additional facilities as we fill out the footprint across the country. And we’re continue to be very excited about the opportunities there.
William C. Gale: Well, it really it’s quite complicated. If you take each business -- for example, all of our uniform rental customers and all of our uniform, our facility services customers are candidates for some of our other products and services. Now a 2- or 3-person auto repair shop is not a good candidate for Document Management, nor are they a good candidate probably for the First Aid and Safety business. But we have a lot of -- let's take a car dealership. A car dealership has the need for uniform rental, facility services, document management, first aid and safety, fire services. So it depends on the size of the customer and the specific business they're in. Now if you go to the emerging businesses, document management has primarily been used in financial institution and healthcare facilities. They are outstanding candidates for a lot of our Facility Services business and our First Aid Safety and Fire Services business. So we look at every customer that we have in each of the different businesses and the sales teams work together to determine are they good candidates for some of the other products and services? And if so, then we begin to work on selling those products and services into that customer.
William C. Gale: They really were primarily in -- there was some fire -- I'm sorry, there were some Document Management and some Rental Facility Services acquisitions there. Nothing significant.
William C. Gale: I really can't, Joe. Obviously, I have thousands and thousands of routes out there. I can tell you that generally speaking, when we hit the recession, our management teams did a lot to right-size the routes and do rerouting to keep the capacity relatively full there. So as we see volume coming back, especially as it relates to new customers, we tend to need to add back that capacity by putting a truck back to the service, putting the driver back in the service. Now if the volume comes back from an existing customer, normally that can be handled on the route that, that customer is currently being serviced. So it really depends on the mix that's happening with where the revenue's coming from.
William C. Gale: We're still comfortable that we'll continue to be able to expand operating margins. The degree of that expansion depends on where the business comes from. Obviously, increased volume at existing customers is more profitable than new customers in the short term. It also will depend on what happens with the level of cost, and we're making that assumption that generally, there'll be no significant change in our cost structure, like in energy and medical and that sort of thing over the next several quarters. With given that, then we expect there to be margin expansion.
William C. Gale: I think it's taking into account kind of what we have seen over the last few quarters. We don't really base our view on what the GDP growth is because that doesn't necessarily drive our growth. But I would say, we continue to look at the future cautiously, but I feel obviously better now than I did a year ago. But it's still a tough environment, and if we could see some real job growth in the economy, you would see some very nice growth with our company's revenues, significantly even more than what we have so far. So we've been able to perform in this economy. And as I said, I don't think we really foresee a changing much over the next several quarters.
William C. Gale: Gary, I think it's a ratable increase from the first quarter through the fourth quarter. So if you think about that $15 million or so, it is a relatively minor amount in Q1 growing with each quarter. And then, as you may have heard the last couple of calls, we've said it will continue to grow to the tune of an extra $5 million next fiscal year. So it wasn't significant in the first quarter. It's growing a little bit, it will grow a little bit more, but we still expect it to be in the $15 million or lower range.
William C. Gale: The only thing I'd like to say is thank you, all for joining us this evening, and best wishes to you and your families for a very happy holiday.
J. Michael Hansen: Vishnu, more of the impact in the second quarter, especially when compared to last year is due to our European business. The paper prices fell quite dramatically during the quarter, but primarily was towards the end of the quarter. The recycled paper price impact going forward will be larger than what we saw this quarter. And that is considered in our guidance.
J. Michael Hansen: Gary, in our first facilities, for example, our First Aid facilities, generally, they are warehouse with inventory. And we've got very, very much capacity. So in others words, there certainly is a specific investment in the warehouse. But as we continue to grow, we'll get more and more sales on top of that warehouse, as well as turn the inventory more. From a fire perspective, fire protection perspective, in our production facilities, we recharge portable fire extinguishers and do some other work, so that as we continue to add revenue on the fire side, we will continue to get leverage from those facilities. From a route standpoint, going back again to First Aid, we are adding more revenue to every customer because we are expanding product lines. We're adding training services. And as jobs get added, that, it results in more hands in the cabinet. So our routes are certainly becoming more efficient by more sales at each customer. We're also selling new business and adding new customers, but we're also expanding each customer. And from a fire standpoint, we're doing a lot of the same things. We're expanding our services and making each customer more valuable.
J. Michael Hansen: Andy, we don't get into that level of detail. We will typically give the breakout in our fourth quarter, but we don't typically get into that level of detail. But I'll tell you, we had nice growth and improved growth rate in all of our business lines, in the Garments, Garment Rental, in the Facility Services. So it was a broad improvement during the quarter.
J. Michael Hansen: In our Document Management business, as we've seen high paper prices for the last year or so, we've seen some pressure on the service side of the pricing. And while the paper prices came down dramatically towards the end of the quarter, it may take a little bit of time to get those service prices back up. But we certainly have seen aggressive pricing in that business.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, James, the good news is our guidance gets us higher than our previous high in revenue. But we've used a lot less capacity in getting there. And by that, I mean we've grown our Facility Services business, which includes our Hygiene business, tile and carpet, some chemical business that don't use production capacity in our rental facilities. And so, we still got a fair amount of capacity, generally speaking. Now capacity is a local thing and there may be pockets where we are closer to capacity levels. But generally speaking, we've got a lot of capacity in our infrastructure. And as we continue to grow, especially in non-processed revenue, we should continue to get more leverage.
J. Michael Hansen: New sales was generally very good. It improved from our first quarter. So sequentially, we saw a little bit better results. Our productivity still remains very good, and we're very pleased with that.
J. Michael Hansen: Our second quarter, experience was roughly the same as the first quarter, which was an improvement over what we saw during the downturn where we did not see quite as many -- no programmers. But we're back to levels that we've seen prerecession, and feeling very good about that. And it’s led certainly by some of our newer products and services, like the Carhartt program and FRC.
