Mike Hansen: Thanks Paul. Our investment in the SAP system began years ago. We first converted to SAP in our accounting and finance functions. We soon followed that conversion with the implementation of portions of our global supply chain, including production planning and sourcing. With this experience under our belt, we put our first operating business into SAP, our Document Shredding business, and then our First Aid and Safety business. Over the past 2 years, we have been communicating our efforts to convert our largest operating division, Uniform Rental and Facility Services to SAP, which is a capital investment of approximately $100 million. We started with the blueprinting phase, which was designing the system. About a year ago, we moved into the realization phase, which was building the system and testing at. At this time, we expect to complete this realization phase in the next three to four months and then move into the pilot stage. The great news is we've been able to maintain the project costs and time line that we introduced two years ago with minimal changes. I want to say thanks to all of our partners working on this project. They've done and continue to do a tremendous job. In fact, we feel good enough with our progress to date that we've made decisions to extend the footprint of the SAP system into our distribution network and expand our e-commerce capabilities. We anticipate that these extensions will be a capital investment of roughly $40 million over the next year or so. Given the progress made and proximity to implementation, we have better visibility and are now able to share with you the estimated impacts to our fiscal years 2017 and 2018. We expect to begin depreciating the rental capital project around December of 2016. Therefore, our fiscal year 2017 will include about a half of a year of depreciation. It will also include about half of a year of system maintenance costs. The conversion of hundreds of our operations to SAP will occur during fiscal 2017 and extend through fiscal 2018. Training costs, which are expensed when incurred as opposed to amortized over time, will exist in both fiscal '17 and '18. As is customary in such a conversion, we expect to have additional - other additional costs in 2017 and 2018 as a result of inefficiencies until the old system is completely offline. We estimate that the investment in SAP will result in $30 million to $35 million of expense in fiscal 2017 and $45 million to $50 million of expense in fiscal 2018. We will begin to realize some cost structure benefits in fiscal 2019, but will likely see the power of the system beginning in fiscal 2020, once all operations have had some experience in running it. This is a transformational investment and we are confident it will be successful. We've seen many companies, including some in our own industry, struggle with these large implementation projects. Our financial strength and commitment to the long-term has enabled us to dedicate the required internal resources to the project in every phase. We also have the best external resource assisting us as SAP and not a third-party consulting firm has been working with us every step of the way. And as previously mentioned, we have a great experience with SAP from our prior implementations. We look forward to the long-term benefits this investment will provide. That concludes our prepared remarks and we'll now be happy to answer any questions.
Mike Hansen: Well, we've talked a little bit, Joe, about the issues that we've had in the oil and gas sector. Outside of that though, we haven’t seen much of a change in the operating environment. And I would say that our sales continue to be broad-based in terms of the different verticals that we're selling to and the different products and services that we're actually selling. And so we haven’t seen much of a change with the exception of the oil and gas that continues to be problematic and has deteriorated even further in this third quarter.
Mike Hansen: No, and I think the organic growth is fairly consistent with the last quarter, second quarter which was at 6.2%. And so, no, we haven’t seen a lot of change in the economic environment, and based on our guidance, we still feel pretty good about going forward.
Mike Hansen: Well, I think from a campaign standpoint, first of all, Cintas and all of our partners are very energized by the campaign. We are really excited about it and it really speaks well of the value that we offer. I would say that reactions though, to the campaign are primarily anecdotal. We hear a lot of good news from our locations. But it’s too early to tell whether that’s having any impact on our current results. I think we'll know more about that as we go through the next several quarters. But getting back to the products and services, you know, Joe, we spend a lot of time in terms of innovation. And we invest a lot in R&D to find the right products that can solve problems for our customers. And again, I think that speaks to our new tagline, Ready for the Workday. And you know, Joe, when we think about the products and services, we've got retail inspired products, like Carhartt and our wrinkle free garments that people want to wear. We've got customer focused solutions like our scrub rental programs and our chemical cleaning solutions. And the beautiful thing about these products are they are all proprietary. All of these that I have mentioned are proprietary and cannot be offered by anybody else in the industry. We will - when we introduce a new product, we've got 900,000 or so customers out there that are warm leads. And even though they are warm leads, we don’t get fully penetrated overnight. It takes a while to educate our people on it, on selling new products, and then it takes a little bit of time to sell it to our customers. But having said that, we've been able to grow quite a bit above, as I said GDP and employment and the industry because in part we've created innovative products and services that our customers want. And I would say that we've also - we've got a very, very, diverse customer base and that diversity has really helped us. You see others in our industry who are really suffering because of less diversity. We've got a very diverse customer base. And part of that is on design and part of it is we have products and services that reach farther and reach broader than our competition. So we're going to continue to penetrate our existing customers with our products that we have, and we've got a lot of runway with those. We will also continue to work on R&D. I am not ready to announce any new products. But, Joe, we feel really good about our ability to continue to grow better than GDP, better than employment, better than the industry, because we are innovative. We've got a broader product line. We've got a diverse customer base, and we've got a great penetration opportunity. We think that has served us very well in the past and will continue to serve us into the future.
Mike Hansen: Well, Joe, I would say there's always - we would tell our global supply chain people, there are always ways we can improve and I think they believe that as well. The Canadian impact that you are referring to was primarily a top line impact. We haven't seen a significant bottom line impact. But, yes, there are certainly sourcing opportunities. The good news is we've got a great global supply chain and they are – they source globally and they are very flexible. We do not own a lot of our manufacturing. And so this group brings us lots of value. And I would say there are always ways to improve, whether it's new technology, new sources or just changes in mix and volume. We certainly think there are opportunities.
Mike Hansen: We do think that - a couple things, our First Aid and Safety business is doing a great job of digesting the ZEE acquisition. But keep in mind that’s a fairly large acquisition for them. It was more than a third of the legacy Cintas First Aid and Safety business. That’s priority number one. But clearly, yes, when we are on the SAP system, one of the benefits is that all of our operations will have more visibility and clarity into our customers and the different products and services that they have or don't have. And so we really do believe one of the real big benefits of the SAP system is to improve that penetration. But having said that, hey look, we feel really good about the First Aid and Safety business altogether. We know that we've got, as Paul said, two more quarters of integration; the integration is going well. Our margins are down from a year ago. We certainly understand that and certainly some of that is due to integration costs. And others are just due to a different business. We're integrating a different business than Cintas is. And we have penetration opportunities. And when we think about that organic growth that we saw this quarter of 11.9%, we're really excited about that. Our people in the First Aid and Safety business have still been able to focus on selling and servicing the customers, as well as starting to get into this the ZEE penetration opportunities. We talk a lot about the penetration opportunities for our rental business. But our ZEE customers generally have been only First Aid cabinet customers. And with our First Aid business, we have the ability or the opportunity to expand into safety products, training services, AEDs, et cetera. And so have - we feel like we've got a good penetration opportunity there and I think our 11.9% organic growth speaks to that a little bit.
Mike Hansen: Yes. So Greg, it was about 8.2% for the quarter. And it’s a strong year-to-date as well. All other, just as a reminder, includes that direct sale business and our fire protection business. That direct sale business is typically a slow grower relative to everything else we have, meaning 3%, 4%. So for that organic growth to be as high as it was in that all other segments, that fire protection business is growing quite nicely.
Mike Hansen: So a couple things. It is following the timeline that we originally established and thought of. I would expect that the spend on this campaign is going to be a bit lower, quite a bit lower in our fourth quarter and likely ramp up again next fiscal year, second quarter-ish. So it is following the original timeline that we had established. This is the largest and the first national campaign certainly that includes television. And it is the largest campaign that we've ever done. And so, why now? Look, we think it’s the right time to continue to get our brand awareness greater and greater throughout the country. We've had many customers over the years say to us, gosh, I didn't know you did that. I didn't know that you did first aid and safety. I didn't know that you had fire protection services. I didn't know you had chemical cleaning services. And the more we heard this, we kept thinking we need to educate. And so we thought that, look, now is a great time to do this because we've got some businesses that are really doing well and executing well. We've got a lot of great products, a lot of fairly new products and we want to get the word out to many, many businesses in North America that when those businesses have issues, need problems solved, think about calling Cintas. They can maybe help us get Ready for the Workday. And so we think it's a great time to do that because we're executing well. We've got a lot of good products and services, and we think its going to give us some momentum going into the future.
Mike Hansen: Well, are there any benefits related - synergy benefits related to ZEE? That's a little bit of an independent question. Yes, we absolutely think there are and that will be – we'll incorporate those thoughts into our guidance for fiscal '17 in July. So, yes, we do think that ZEE and the first aid margins are certainly going to improve. From an SAP standpoint, let's keep in mind this is the largest project that we've ever done. As we've kind of come to the end of this realization phase and we've been testing the project, we're really starting to see the power of the system and we're excited about getting this implemented. And we believe that there is the power in the system that we hoped for. We certainly still see that there are long-term benefits. But having said that, we're not going to take any shortcuts in this implementation. We're going to make sure we do it the right way with no adverse impact to our customers. And one of the risk mitigating things about the way we are rolling this out is that we've got hundreds of operations that need to be converted and they effectively happen one at a time. And so its not like we turn it on and our entire rental segment goes live. We have to do this one at a time. Now that mitigates the risk to us. But it extends the rollout a little bit as well through that fiscal '18. And so we - look, we think we're doing this the right way. As I mentioned, we've seen others, both in our industry and outside of our industry struggle with these and we feel fully confident that, that’s not going to happen to us. Now, certainly those numbers that I gave you are fairly large, and as you know, Nate, we're not going to sit idly by and just let those fall to the bottom. We are going to manage the impact as best we can. We are going to control our cost structure and we're going to become as efficient as we can become in the next couple of years. Now in fiscal '17, look, we're going to be on probably less than half of our locations and I would not expect that we're going to see a lot of system benefit. In fiscal '18 we might start to see a little bit of system benefit. But it’s going to be muted because we're going to still be converting quite a few locations. But having said that again, Nate, we're not going to sit idly by and just let $30 million to $35 million drop to the bottom without really managing the impact through our cost structure, through efficiency gains, et cetera. And will we be able to offset all $30 million to 35 million? No, but we will do our best to manage that impact.
Mike Hansen: No problem. And you know, we – look, do not do things for the short term. So this is a transformational system that’s going to carry us for a long time. And it’s worth the investment. It is absolutely worth the investment we're putting in, in the next couple of years.
Mike Hansen: Denny, we haven’t seen any marketable impact. Our West Coast locations are performing very, very well, and I would expect that they will continue to do so. And we haven’t seen an impact.
Mike Hansen: So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're going to start the pilot sometime in the next three to four months. And that pilot is a very important part of our process. That pilot will make sure that the first several systems are operating the way we think they should operate, that the system performance is as we expect, et cetera. And so, the first half of fiscal '17 is really going to be working through the pilot to make sure that we've built a system, we've tested it, but its not – we've not gone live with it. That first part of fiscal '17 is really the first test on live customers, and we're going to make sure that, that goes right before we start rolling it out. So we'll start to see the implementation pick up in the second half of the year and it will continue all the way through fiscal '18.
Mike Hansen: Well, we - first of all, the longer the implementation takes, the more expensive it becomes, because we have more people tied up in that rollout process. So it does not benefit us to slow or stop that process once we get it started. We need to get it started when we expect to and we're going to see that move through the finish. But, Denny, if we saw a significant change in the economy, there are things that we can certainly do to help manage our cost structure and really continue to generate some pretty good cash flow, similar to the way we did in the last recession where we generated more cash than ever before in a two year period in the company's history. So we're going to get this thing done. I would certainly hope that we don’t get into a recession in the next two years. But we're operating for the long-term, Denny. And we believe, as I said, this is a transformational system and it’s going to be great for our customers and our partners who are operating the system.
Mike Hansen: The acquisition pipeline still - I would say still looks pretty good. I mean, we've spent $150 million on acquisitions so far this fiscal year. We continue to look for tuck-in opportunities. We think they are out there. And we just need to have the willing seller at the right value. But we think there is a nice pipeline and we're going to continue to work that pipeline. So, yes, I do believe there are still opportunities out there.
Mike Hansen: So it is - I would say that it is mostly incremental spend, and in fiscal '16, we haven’t spent much. There is some training, we are doing things like training the trainers. But there is not a lot of spend that's hitting the P&L this fiscal year. It will primarily start to happen once we get to the pilot stage and then ramp up once we get to the actual rollout.
Mike Hansen: I would say that, I'd rather give you a little bit more information on that in July, because while we've talked about the SAP capital project starting to depreciate, we've got other capital projects that are important to us, like making sure that we have the routes to continue to handle our growth and making sure that we've got capacity. So I think, Sara, I'd rather answer that question in July.
Mike Hansen: We have talked a little bit about getting that completed by the end of the year or shortly thereafter. And it’s probably going to be shortly thereafter. That does not mean that we've seen any major slippage in the integration. It’s just – it is a large implementation or integration for our business and we feel like it is going very well. We haven’t gotten into a lot of specifics about the ZEE integration cost. Justin, with tuck-in acquisitions it becomes a little harder to fully separate total integration costs compared to operating costs. And so, we haven't tried to come to specific numbers on that - on what is specifically integration, because at the end of the day, we've got costs of operating and costs of connecting the businesses and we're hiring service sales reps, those are our drivers. We're hiring service sales reps and there are costs to getting a tuck-in acquisition ready. And so, we haven’t called out anything specific. But I would suggest that probably in the fourth quarter we're going to see some results that are probably about the same, maybe slightly better than we've seen in the third quarter. And I would say that the first quarter, maybe even less so in terms of the mix impact.
Mike Hansen: Yes, I would say that the guidance suggests that we're kind of bracketing last year. Last year our fourth quarter we were at 15.6% operating margin and I would suggest that if we can reach the high end of that guidance, if things go well, I would expect some margin expansion. If we see a little bit of a pullback in the economy, if we see the oil and gas broaden to affect other verticals, we might be at the lower end and see flattish or slightly down. But I'd like to think that we're going to continue to operate in the existing type of economy and if we can hit the top end of the guidance, I would expect that to be some margin improvement.
Mike Hansen: I think we've talked about a 50 - 40 basis point to 50 basis point impact in a quarter for the extra work day, and two thirds of that being in the gross margin. What would we have to see in order for margins to go down, I think we would have to see some pullback in the economy. I think we'd have to see some issues with our customer’s willingness to continue to spend with us. But I would like to think that it is not all that likely.
Mike Hansen: I don't have any specific numbers. But I guess, John, I don’t – I am not aware of any changes in those buckets. And in terms of the mix and performance, I am not aware of any changes. Our improvement, our growth continues to be fairly broad. And its - I think its broad in all of our businesses, which tells me that we're seeing good performance in almost every vertical and type of business with the exception of the ones that we called out.
Mike Hansen: John, the number was $45 million to $50 million for 2018 and that is an all-in spend. That is not incremental to the $30 million to $35 million for '17, so good question.
Mike Hansen: I do not. Typically we guide towards about a 37.3% all-in tax rate and when we have federal audits, they are fairly large projects and when they - if they are resolved favorably, like this one was, then there can be reserves that we have set up for tax positions that can be released. And that's what happened in this quarter. I think Paul mentioned our expected tax rate is 36.5% for this year, I would expect 37.3% next year.
Mike Hansen: Sure. In the US, we really did not see much of a marketable change in pricing from the second quarter, still very competitive, but I wouldn’t say that we saw much of a change. I would say that in Canada, little bit of a different story. We've seen some significant price increases from the competition. And I would suggest it looks likely that they may be looking for some margin opportunities. But I would say, back to the US, not a lot of change.
Mike Hansen: I would say - I'm not sure about capitulated, but I would say we get – we have internal communications that will kind of bubble up comments from our sales people and they will be comments like, hey, I got a call today. A prospective customer heard our television ad and decided to call us and ask about our services. We might get, as an SSR stops by, a customer each week. We've gotten some examples of customers coming to our SSRs or our drivers, service sales reps. But we've got customers coming saying, wow, I love that commercial. Tell me more about first aid and safety. We've had examples where regional customers will come to one of our regional sales people and say, hey, I saw the commercial, digital commercial ad and it got me thinking about some of the issues that I have. And so we've seen it both from television, from radio, from digital; we've seen commentary from our salespeople that our customers are signaling out that they have seen the campaign, they like it; and it piques interest at times in some of the things that we can do for them.
Mike Hansen: Scott, I would say that we still have a lot of runway in the products and services that we've announced. We do have some things that are in our pipeline that we're working on, but I am not ready to talk about any of them specifically.
Mike Hansen: So from a distribution standpoint, that is primarily the distribution centers that ship to our rental locations. And so that is fairly obvious that gets them on the same platform and it makes a lot of sense. From an e-commerce standpoint, this system will allow us to share with our customers more information, to allow some of our customers an online buying experience similar to retail, and just allow much more ease-of-use from a selling and an understanding of what we do in the products and services. So it’s really getting to a little bit more of a retail-like application for particularly our larger customers, but for all customers.
Mike Hansen: Yes, I think, first of all, Gary, you hit the nail on the head. That was the greatest recession we've seen in a long, long time. Unfortunately for us that interrupted 40 straight years of growth in sales and profit, so effectively for something like the last 46, 47 years we've grown in 45, 44 of them. So that was a big one. The next recession, a lot depends on how deep and broad it is. But I - one of the things, when we look at our business today compared to, let's call it, 2006, '07, '08, we've got a broader business. We've got a more diverse customer base. We were not much in the healthcare space back then. We were not much in financial services and other professional environments. We've been able to get into those much more with both rental, our rental products and services, but also first aid and fire protection. So we're in some verticals that might be a little less or more resistant, like healthcare to a recession. I think the other thing that I would say that’s different is today our uniform, total uniform business is less than 50% of our revenue. And so, I think if we saw a pullback in jobs, I would not expect that we would lose many customers. But a lot of our products and services are still necessary for our customers, like hygiene products and services, like the fire protection services, like some of the first aid and safety requirements. And in addition to that, there are some required garments like fire resistant clothing. So I think the broadening of our product line, the diversity of our customers, will help us through the next recession. But again, a lot depends on how deep is that recession and how broad is it.
Mike Hansen: Well, the - let's talk about the growth. First of all, new business has been very important to us over the last five or six years and will continue to always be important to us. New business, when we sell a new account, we do not normally sell everything in our portfolio to that new customer. We have to earn the customers trust and we have to show them that our service is of value. So new customers are really important for us. First of all, because they bring revenue but secondly, they bring future revenue opportunities, and so new business will always be very important to us. It is now and will continue to be. And then the penetration is very, very important. And I would tell you that the net add-stops metric, it’s a legacy rental metric, and when we have broadened our business like we have, it really doesn’t apply as much when we're talking about selling hygiene products and services to our customers, selling chemical cleaning solutions. That net add-stops really speaks to uniforms and mat placements. And we don’t like to, we don’t pay attention to it quite as much internally because it’s just losing its importance as we broaden our business. So I would say, new business will continue to be important, penetration will continue to be important and the reason that you haven’t seen any change in the mix of our rental division is because its all been growing and its really important for us that it all grows, because that means we are adding new customers and we are penetrating existing customers. It’s all really important for us.
Mike Hansen: I would expect that that will all fall into SG&A and the great majority of that will fall into rental.
Mike Hansen: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. We will issue our fourth quarter earnings in mid-July. We look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Good night.
Paul Adler: Yes, Greg, it’s Paul. On the top line, from the customer and the headcount reductions, that about half of the impact from Q3 to be experienced in Q4 is a good figure. In terms of the energy, the cost side of it, though, I think the price per barrel really dropped low in our third quarter, I think it reached $26 at one point. It’s kind of rebounded through the $40 threshold. So I think if it stays at about that level our energy as a percent of our revenue would probably be more in line with our Q2, which was about 2.0% of revenue. And in Q4 last year, our energy was about 2.2%. So the bottom line is we're expecting probably about 20 basis points of benefits from the prices at the pump. But then really offset by the headcount reductions that we expect to continue to incur into Q4.
Paul Adler: That’s correct, Nate. As far as oil and gas, right, we believe we have a handle on for Q4 in terms of the quantification. We wish we had our hands around it in terms of thinking and believing that it was at the bottom. But those rig counts that we continue to monitor continue to decline and they are probably down about 60% year-over-year. So we'll continue to watch that into next fiscal year. And then in terms of manufacturing, it continues to be positive for us. We believe that more of our customers in the sector are stable or growing as opposed to shrinking. But, of course, we understand the headwinds that are out there and the industry statistics. So we'll continue to monitor it. But, yes, you nailed it, at this point in time the only negative impact in any particular sector is from oil and gas and coal as well.
Paul Adler: Sara, its Paul. The commentary is very similar to last quarter, meaning that really only two things were noteworthy. First is that in our add-stops metric we certainly see the negative impact to our FRC, our Flame Resistant Garments, as a result of the headcount reductions in oil, gas, and coal. Outside of that though there is nothing remarkable, nothing trending significantly one way or the other. And then the only other item of note would be that the winter weather here across the country was definitely a little more mild this year than last year. And we typically count on more of that snow and slush to drive mat placements and increase revenue accordingly, changes in garments, outerwear, et cetera. We didn’t see it to the extent we did last year. But it wasn’t significant and it's certainly a seasonal type of an impact.
Paul Adler: I think, Mike, too, and Gary, everything is growing. So the percentages are not changing significantly. But it's also an over $3 billion segment that's going to take some time to change. And one way it is changing, even though proportionally it’s not changing. But for example, in garments, you manufacturing is a minority of the business and we are replacing the typical blue-on-blue shirt and pants with Carhartt or with performance polo’s or cargo pants. And so in hygiene, for example, we have our hygiene standard [ph] signature line that is able to get us not just into the typical restrooms of manufacturing or oil change shops, but high end into offices and corporate complexes. And I think that changeover, even though proportionally it’s not changing, but the kind of the substance of it, the quality of it, so to speak, should bode well and hopefully make us more resilient in the future.
