J. Hansen: Third quarter revenue was slightly over $230 million, and it was down about 4.7%. I would tell you, Greg, that being able to specifically identify that G&K revenue gets harder and harder as we have, as you heard us say, closed 60 locations and now that revenue is really starting to mix in with the Cintas locations, so getting a little harder and harder to identify. But those were the estimated third quarter numbers. From a revenue synergy standpoint, we think opportunities are going to be there. We are moving somewhat slowly on that because we want to make sure that through the large disruption of closing and system conversions that we maintain a very good customer relationship, and introducing new things to them in addition to that kind of disruption gets to be overwhelming sometimes. So we're moving fairly slowly on that. I would expect it will start to see some benefit in the back half of fiscal '19 and certainly in fiscal '20. But from our standpoint today, early signs are we feel pretty good about that opportunity in the future. 
J. Hansen: We have been very pleased with the performance of that G&K revenue block so far, and it was a little bit better than we expected in the third quarter. And I would say we're going to be at around $920 million for the year, which is slightly better than that range that we gave last quarter. And we continue to see very positive things from not just the revenue performance but overall performance. 
J. Hansen: We believe that the execution and the performance of the business is still very good. We're very pleased with it. And as you probably noticed, we increased our guidance for the fourth quarter as well. So we still feel very good about the performance. Look, in every quarter, there are puts and takes. For the first half of the year, for example, we got a little bit of an energy headwind in the third quarter. Last year's third quarter was very strong. And so there are puts and takes in every quarter, but we're still in a range where we want to be, and we feel like we're operating very efficiently throughout this fiscal year. When you think about our fourth quarter guidance, we effectively raised the bottom end about $67 million and the top end about $22 million, and again, a bit of a signal that we still feel good about the business. And generally speaking, if we hit the top of that guidance range in the fourth quarter, I would expect that the legacy Cintas business may see a little bit of an uptick in organic growth in that fourth quarter. We won't report it that way because we're co-mingling the G&K and the Cintas business, but we feel good about it. 
J. Hansen: Well, we didn't fare too well in the market today. I'll start by that. I -- we're not seeing things from our customers yet. That's too early to tell. Certainly, we do have some things that we source out of China. We're keeping our eyes on it and how they may be affected by the list of things that may have a tariff. But I think it's too early to tell because we really don't know what's on and what's not quite yet, so too early to tell. We're keeping our eyes on it. Our goal will be if we do see some things that may be affected into the future, our goal is to do our best to re-source or find efficiencies to offset. And I think we've done a fairly good job of that over the years. 
J. Hansen: We haven't -- we talked a lot about the no programmer new business. So that is new customers that weren't in a uniform rental program previously. And we haven't seen a change. We're still having success in finding new businesses to put into uniform rental programs, so not much change in our third quarter relative to the previous several quarters. 
J. Hansen: We're seeing some encouraging signs, Scott. Our productivity has improved sequentially through this fiscal year, and that's with quite a few more salespeople certainly than a year ago as we brought on the G&K sales team. So we're seeing some encouraging productivity signs, but certainly, we have a ways to go. We still have productivity improvements to get, and we're confident that those will come over the course of the fourth quarter and fiscal '19. 
J. Hansen: Yes, I think it's -- more than anything, it's timing. We do have a lot going on in terms of the G&K integration, the SAP implementation. And some projects just tend to get pushed a little bit as we move through those integrations market by market. So I would just call it timing more than anything. 
J. Hansen: So the -- let me start with the $15 million that we talked about in the third quarter. About half is G&A, and the other half would be in the gross margin. So from a G&A perspective, you probably saw in our third quarter that we're making some nice progress in terms of leveraging and getting that SG&A down from post-acquisition levels. So we're making some nice progress, and we have more to do. So for example, we still have an IT presence from the legacy G&K team as we continue to roll off of that system. And so there will be some additional things to come, but we've made some really nice progress. The other bucket that we talked about are our production bucket. That is the cost of running our facilities. And as you can imagine, we're in the midst of closing a number of facilities and converting. And so while we have set up a lot of those synergies, there is some inefficiency that's going on right now in our third quarter, a little bit in our second quarter, certainly a little bit more in our fourth quarter as we do the things necessary to achieve those. So for example, we're doing a pretty good job of getting those locations closed and eliminating some duplicate labor and other costs. And we'll get more efficient as we move away from the integration market by market. But the production has come along very well, and we still expect the same kind of results that we put out a year ago. From a service perspective, I haven't done much of that heavy lifting yet. That -- as we've talked about in the past, we need to get on the same systems in markets before we can really start to get into route optimization. We've started some of that in some markets. We'll continue to do that in our fourth quarter but likely, even more heavy lifting in the first half of fiscal '19. But indications are we still feel good about capturing those synergies that we talked about. And the last bucket was the sourcing bucket, and we are making progress on that area as well. As you probably know, it takes longer to recognize that because we may be able to get new sourcing and new pricing but it takes a little while to purchase it, [ sew ] it out, get it into our distribution center and get it into in-service inventory and then it starts amortizing, right. So we are making the -- some really nice progress there. It just takes more time to realize it. So all in all, Judah, I feel good about all 4 of those buckets. 
J. Hansen: No, more than anything, it's seeing the G&K business begin to level and then start to grow and more than anything, seeing the productivity improve in our sales team that I mentioned a bit ago. 
J. Hansen: We're -- Shlomo, we're hearing some anecdotal things that the sentiment is good. I would say from the standpoint of impact to the P&L, probably not much yet. You still have to take the time to sell it and get people into uniform or get the mats out there. And as you know, we're kind of a weekly billing business and it takes a little time to accumulate some of that revenue. And so it just takes a little time. So I would say the impact in our third quarter has not been very significant, but sentiment seems to be pretty good. 
J. Hansen: I think certainly that if we see our customers spending some of the cash that they are getting from the tax reform, yes, I think that will be a benefit. It's hard to tell how much, but I think that will certainly be a good thing for all of us. 
J. Hansen: It's 32% for the quarter. And so based on where we have -- had guided you previously, there's probably about $0.06 of a tax benefit in that $1.37 that is non-U.S. tax reform related. 
J. Hansen: The good news -- I'll start with there are 2 more workdays and that certainly is beneficial, 2 more workdays than in the third quarter, same as last year though. Year-over-year, it's the same. But sequentially, that will help us. Andy, it's continuing to sell. It is working through the integration activities. We're going to get more leverage as we go into that fourth quarter. And we've seen some really nice things in the SG&A area. So I think it's just a lot of the execution along with some healthy revenue. 
J. Hansen: Certainly, Andy, it's important. It's not as big of a driver as new business and really has never been, but it is important to us. And while we haven't gotten specific in terms of magnitude, quantify magnitude, it is certainly second most to the new business effort that we have. So it's an important factor. We think there are lots of opportunities remaining in that area as -- particularly as we continue to penetrate with things like Carhartt and Chef Works garments and with our Signature Series restroom products. So still a lot of opportunity left but it's an important factor. 
J. Hansen: Well, thank you very much for joining us tonight. We look forward to talking with you again in our fourth quarter call that will happen in mid-July, and have a good evening. 
Hamzah Mazari: The first question is just if you could give us a sense of how to think about utilization across your facilities. I realize facility capacity is measured locally versus nationally, but maybe just give us some sense how many facilities are at, say, 75% plus utilization. What's underutilized in your platform? I know you're going through a consolidation as well. So just any color where are we, utilization-wise, however you want to answer that. 
Hamzah Mazari: Yes, that's very helpful. And then maybe any view? I know it's early days. There's low visibility. But any thoughts on the Trump tariffs and how that impacts your business either directly or indirectly and anything you're hearing from customers, anything you're hearing from your procurement guys? Just any sense, early sense of that. 
Hamzah Mazari: Great. Last question and I'll turn it over. Just any thoughts on how much of your marketplace is self-operated on the uniform side? And any change you're seeing in terms of outsourcing trends? Has that been pretty consistent? Any thoughts there? Appreciate it. 
