William C. Gale: Thank you for joining us this evening to report our first quarter results for fiscal 2012. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. After some commentary on the results, we will be happy to answer questions. We are pleased to report that our first quarter revenue grew 10.1% from last year's first quarter to a record revenue of $1,017,000,000. It was also our second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Net income increased by 12% to $68.6 million, and earnings per share were $0.52, a 30% increase over last year. As noted in the release, we are particularly pleased with the expansion of our operating margin compared to last year's first quarter. Despite increases in energy-related costs and garment material costs, our operating margin improved from 10.9% in last year's first quarter to 12.6% this year. We continue to focus on selling profitable business, controlling our costs and improving the efficiency of our operations. These initiatives have allowed us to improve our overall gross margin by 60 basis points over last year's first quarter, more than offsetting the headwinds of higher energy-related costs and commodity costs, and to improve our SG&A by 130 basis points compared to last year's first quarter. Looking forward, we reiterate our guidance for fiscal 2012, which includes revenue in the range of $4 billion to $4.1 billion and earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.97 to $2.05. While we continue to be encouraged by our results, we are cautious about the state of the U.S. economy. We have now seen 4 consecutive months of employment growth under 100,000 per month. We have also seen numerous 2011 and 2012 economic forecasts being revised downward, which have generally resulted in lower employment expectations for those years. While we have not yet seen a significant change in our business due to the state of the economy, we do, however, remain cautious. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike Hansen for more details on the first quarter.
William C. Gale: Andy, the acquisition pipeline has been relatively -- let's say the acquisition activity has been relatively quiet. We still are in active discussions with numerous players. However, at this time during the quarter, there just really weren't a lot of actionable things I think partly due to our price propensity versus their price expectations. But I don't think there's a lot of deals being made anywhere based on what I am seeing. We are continuing to focus on the shredding side. We have done some storage start-ups recently, but we have not really pursued any storage acquisitions in the last several quarters.
William C. Gale: We would certainly look at it. One of the issues you run into often in a storage acquisition is that the seller is selling because he doesn't want to invest in the additional capacity he needs to continue to grow. So one of the first things that happens, typically, is that when you buy a storage operation, you've got to invest a lot of capital right away in order to continue to grow. This tends to drive down the price we're willing to pay for the operation because we want to demand a certain return on our investment. So I think that, that has been part of the issue. The other part of the issue, or the other part of the strategy that Cintas has had, is that we believe there's an awful lot of core competency that we have and route-based businesses that we can apply and have applied to the shredding business. So we look at that as a better return for our shareholders. It's a business that has grown very, very nicely, both in terms of revenue growth as well as margin expansion. And so that's why our focus has continued to be more in the shredding side, because of the returns and the growth potential.
William C. Gale: David, no, there is certainly room for continued margin expansion for a couple of reasons. One is we still have capacity in our facilities that we can leverage off of. But even more importantly, I would say, is the opportunities that still exist at some point for increased volume at existing customers. Much of our growth over the last several quarters has come from new business as opposed to growth in existing customers. And as we've talked on numerous occasions, when you can get a customer to add an employee, which at this point we haven't really seen yet, that is very profitable business and that would contribute to margin expansion. So hopefully at one -- at some point here in the not-too-distant future we'll begin to see customers increasing the sizes of the workforce. At least what we've seen for the last year has been that they're maintaining their workforces. So the next step would be when confidence comes into the economy, these businesses will start increasing, and we'll see additional profitability from those wearers.
William C. Gale: We're still below where we were back in the fiscal '08, '09, first quarter of '09 periods when we were at these revenue levels in rental before. As Mike said, part of the new businesses that we're in have added to those rental lines and aren't the traditional garment business. So we're still down from where we used to be in the garment side.
William C. Gale: I would say it probably won't get much worse. It will probably start getting a little bit better because the occurrence of the higher cotton prices have been quicker in the direct sale businesses than it does in the rental business. Because in the rental business, of course, we're amortizing that over a longer period of time. So the high cotton prices that we were experiencing in the fall have pretty much entered the product cost. We have a mix in the distribution centers. But they have entered and they come in much quicker on the direct sale business. So I'd say you're probably not going to see it getting worse in direct sales, and we'll start to hopefully offset a little bit of that too with higher pricing going forward.
William C. Gale: Well, I think what we are seeing is that most customers are just trying to maintain their status quo from a labor standpoint. So as Mike mentioned, we did not really see many adds at our existing customers. Fortunately, we didn't see many reductions either. We just -- it was kind of a status quo. So I sense in talking with our sales people and our operating people that companies are just kind of holding with what they've got. And hopefully, we won't see a forced reduction in headcount if the economy goes a lot -- slows down a lot more. So people are just kind of generally holding on to what they have.
William C. Gale: Oh, no. We're -- we got some nice benefit in the quarter, as Mike mentioned. And these cotton prices, the higher cotton prices are going to be with Cintas and our competitors for some time in the rental business because that stuff is really just entering the cost categories as those products get injected into their customers. And then you're kind of stuck with those higher cotton prices for the period of amortization. So I would say that we're -- we've seen a firming up of the pricing environment in most cases, not in all cases, and that is certainly a positive sign as far as we're concerned.
William C. Gale: I would tell you that we are remaining relatively cautious. We're not doing any significant adds to our headcount. We're certainly adding to accommodate the additional growth, especially in our service side. But I would say we're being cautious also.
William C. Gale: Yes, and I think we do because as we talked about the last quarter, so many of our products and services are very appealing to the no programmer market, and that's where we're seeing a pickup in new business. Plus, some of those products and services have led to more competitive wins with some of the traditional uniform rental suppliers. So I think what we're not seeing is just the expansion of existing accounts, which I alluded to earlier, which once that starts, that really just adds another push to our top line growth and obviously improves our margins.
William C. Gale: We did not say anything, Andrew, because basically, we saw a reduction in lost business about 3 or 4 quarters ago, and it has gotten back down to more historic levels and really hasn't changed.
William C. Gale: I would say, Gary, I don't have it in front of me. I'm not sure how recent data we've had our marketing group do that. But the last time I looked at it, we certainly have had an increase in the sectors you just mentioned, the hospitality sector including hotels, restaurants, that sort of entertainment type things. We've had an increase, slight increase, in the retail sector. We started seeing some increases in the healthcare. As you may probably never even saw that pop up on the last schedule, we've seen a reduction in manufacturing from that period due to the shrinkage of the manufacturing sector in the U.S. But it's still a pretty diverse chart because no one customer still accounts for more than half 1% of our business, and no one sector really is that big a component of our business either.
William C. Gale: Gary, it's absolutely what you just said. Yes, we've got a little tougher comps, but the bigger thing is we just don't know what the economy is going to deal with us. And we would rather express our caution because, I mean, everything you pick up and read seems to imply that there's not going to be a lot of job growth here in the next -- at least for the next 12 to 18 months. So while we will continue to grow, if we don't get some job growth, it's going to be tough to continue to grow double-digit levels.
William C. Gale: We're doing quite a few things. We're obviously continuing to look at all our plants and try to do more mechanization to operation, so that we can, basically, I think, improve the throughput of those facilities. So we've invested in some technology there. On our routes, we've -- you probably remember, we did have a route-based computer, well we've done quite a bit on expanding the capabilities of those route-based systems that the drivers are carrying with them. In our B&A functions, we've invested in SAP and continue to invest in SAP, and that's helping reduce the need for additional headcount. I think in all of our businesses have been charged with eliminating non value-added work. And as a result of that, keeping headcount at the appropriate level of service to our customers, but certainly not having excessive headcount around. So it's a combination of process improvement and technology investment.
William C. Gale: I wouldn't say it's one of the biggest, but it was certainly a contributor. I think the volume was probably a bigger contributor.
William C. Gale: Yes, it does that. But it's also an impact of the new business that we're getting is coming in at a higher price than what we were seeing a year ago.
William C. Gale: Well, we do have that. I'm not sure if I have it right in front of me. We'll have to get back to you with that. I would say it is somewhere probably in the $450 million to $500 million range.
William C. Gale: Well, it's going pretty much as expected. We haven't had any glitches. We've had probably some little lengthier implementation times than we originally expected. Right now, we are in the process of working on a couple of our emerging businesses to roll out the SAP order taking to invoicing cycle, basically, if you will. We had previously focused on the financials and on the global supply chain, which both went very well. And I would say that other than just taking a little bit longer, we haven't really run into any difficulties. But to this point, we haven't really impacted the customer yet. So that's always a more critical point, I think, when you're putting in a system.
William C. Gale: Well, I think part of it is cotton is a bigger impact than fuel. And I think that it stays with you a longer time, whereas fuel was somewhat volatile, go up and down. Whereas the cotton, once it kind of gotten into the supply chain, it takes a while for it to settle back down.
William C. Gale: In both. We're seeing -- we are certainly seeing wearer -- increases in the number of wearers. We're seeing increases in the price of the product that the wearers are having. And we're also seeing nice progress with the ancillary services. So they both have contributed very nicely to the growth in the rental business.
William C. Gale: Chris, I think that's going to be driven more by market penetration, especially in the emerging businesses where as we get into different markets, as we continue to establish our footprint, we'll see increases in sales force there. But as far as our rental business, we're in all the markets pretty much anyway right now. And I think we feel like we're appropriately staffed to take advantage of the opportunities that are there.
William C. Gale: Well, I don't think I can -- I'm prepared to really say what our target margins are because there are so many different factors that go into play. It depends on how much -- how fast our emerging businesses grow, and how much we're going to invest in the sales side to grow those businesses. It depends on the rental business, where does the growth come from. Is it new business? Is it existing customer adds? Is it wearer improvement? All I can tell you is this. We are committed to margin expansion and margin improvement. I think we've done a very nice job over the last couple of years demonstrating our capability to do that. We're still below where we used to be, but the trend is good going there. And we'll continue to focus on improving margins while, at the same time, improving the long-term value of Cintas. So there's just so many different factors that I can't really tell you that this is the target level we're going to get to. All I can say is it will be better than what it is barring a significant downturn in the economy or a significant spike in costs such as energy or other type factors that we are not foreseeing at this time.
William C. Gale: Thank you, all, very much for joining us this evening. I know it had to be a very hectic day for all of you in the investment business. So we'll look forward to speaking with you again during our second quarter announcement, which we expect to take place sometime the week of December 19. Thanks again for joining us.
J. Michael Hansen: We don't give that kind of detail, Andy, by product line. But those new businesses are performing well, and we're seeing good growth in those as well as all of our businesses. We're pleased to see growth in all of our business lines within the rental segment.
J. Michael Hansen: And David, when it comes to capacity, some of the newer businesses, the chemicals, the hygiene businesses, the tile and carpet, they do not really use capacity at our plants. And so we've been able to grow without using as much capacity as in the past.
J. Michael Hansen: Jim, Bill mentioned the cotton impact in the uniform direct side. In the rental side, we saw a minor impact this quarter. But we expect that, that will -- that impact will grow as we go throughout the quarters of the year because of, as Bill said, it's entering that amortization stream.
J. Michael Hansen: So we said something less than $15 million in fiscal '12, and we still believe that. And we likely saw less than 1/4 of that. So if you think about that growing impact, we expect to see a little bit more throughout each quarter of the year. And then that $5 million was on top -- the $5 million was an incremental impact in fiscal '13, so roughly a $20 million impact in '13.
J. Michael Hansen: Our salespeople still feel very good about the new business pipeline and selling the value of our different products and services. They're still excited about selling the newer product lines as well. And so they're still feeling good about their ability to produce that rep productivity levels that we've seen.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, we're still seeing the amortization give us some upward pressure. Because as we continue to inject new business and new garments for those new accounts, it certainly is making the in-service inventory go up and our amortization go up. And so we continue to expect that to go up as we are continuing to add new business, and that certainly is in our guidance. We do believe that we can continue to offset that with the efficiencies of our plants and our routes though.
J. Michael Hansen: And it was the first time we've seen cotton move like that in a long time, and it moved drastically.
J. Michael Hansen: That was -- that did not change significantly from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. It is still in that historical range, nudged up a little bit on the no programmers side, but still pretty close to that historical level.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, Andrew, that fire retardant garment, the FRC, is really more of a driver in the uniform rental business. We are seeing a good amount of success in the rental space. From a direct sale business, I think it's, again, it's a choppier business, and we still expect to see refreshes and new programs coming up. And we haven't seen a trend that would make us think otherwise for that business.
