Todd Schneider: Thank you for your question, Ronan. It's -- when you think about the gross margin, it really starts with our culture, how we run our business, the expectations we have, the intensity of which we run it, and the focus. That being said, there's many, many inputs to those numbers. Certainly, our investments that we are making are paying off. The investments in SmartTruck, the investments in our Six Sigma team, the investment in our engineering team, the investment in our supply chain organization are all helping us to improve those results. So I can't give you an exact number with, hey, SmartTruck gave us X basis points, what have you. It's -- there's many inputs, and we're pleased with the investments that we've made, and we're pleased with the leadership and the culture of the organization, where they're focused on driving those results, providing a better experience for our customers and providing a better experience for our employee-partners.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, good question. So when we think about our growth, again, there's many contributing factors. We really like where we are from a growth standpoint, the internal growth, certainly we like the acquisitions that we've made. They're really good businesses. But when we think about the components of it, certainly pricing is a component, but it is not the majority. The majority of our growth is from volume growth. And that's really pleasing to us because we want to be able to grow our business in that manner. Pricing is -- has moderated and it's much closer to historical, and that's exactly what we had planned throughout the year. Where we're really benefiting is from our new business. Our team is performing at a high level. Our service organization is -- the retention levels are very attractive. And then we are cross-selling appropriately. We have a great breadth of products and services that we want to make sure that our customers and our prospects are aware of. And so we're benefiting kind of across all, not kind of, we are benefiting across all of those areas, and they're all big contributing factors, but we like where we are and we like how we're growing the business.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Josh, good morning. Again, we like where we are from a growth standpoint. The exciting thing is there's -- we service a little over a million customers. There's 16 million businesses in North America, so we're -- we think there's an incredible runway for us. So we're selling to -- about 60% of our new accounts come from no programmers, and that is continuing. So we're seeing great results from talking to prospects and showing them a better way to do it than they are today. Now, that doesn't necessarily mean that, that is new spend. They might be spending that money somehow. It's just we're redirecting it to do it better, smarter, faster, in some cases, even less expensive than the way they're doing it. So we think the runway is very attractive because of the number of prospects that are out there and our business -- or, excuse me, our buying proposition resonating with prospects and customers. So, we expect that we like where we are from a growth standpoint. As I mentioned, we like how we're growing and we want to continue in that manner.
Todd Schneider: Yeah. So we're -- we recognize the math of 20% to 30% incremental margins. We need to be the higher end of that in order to continue to improve our margins and we're focused on doing that. We're doing so by extracting out those inefficiencies, getting really good leverage on our revenue growth, so many ways. But running a business is not linear. And so, we know there's going to be some puts and takes and some quarters will be higher and some won't be as high. But generally speaking, we like that range. And I prefer the higher end than the lower end, that's for sure.
Todd Schneider: I'm certainly happy to start, Mike. Regarding -- Heather, good morning. And regarding M&A, so it's an important component for us. You certainly cannot pace M&A. So they kind of come as they do, and it takes two to dance. And -- but I can tell you the two that we announced this past quarter are great businesses first off, really good operators, really attractive businesses. In the case of the one in Kentucky, it provided us with some needed capacity in that region of the country. In addition to the added capacity, we were able to absorb that volume into seven of our facilities. So some really nice synergies allows us to, as we're closer to the customers, to spend more time with the customer and less time driving. So that's important to us. In the case of the acquisition in the M&A in Pennsylvania, we did not acquire any additional capacity. But in that case, we were able to absorb it into 16 of our facilities. So again, attractive synergies, more time with the customer, less time driving. And in those cases, we also then get to talk to our new customers about the broader breadth of products and services that we have. So we think it's -- overall it's very attractive. As I mentioned, it takes two to dance. You can't pace it. But in this case, these were two really attractive businesses, great operators that really made sense for us.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, I'm certainly happy to start. George, good morning. We haven't really seen much of a change in sales cycle as far as our -- the interest in our products and services remains good. We're always continuing -- we're continuing to invest in new products and services. Tweaks, I guess, certainly to them to make it as attractive to the prospects and the customers as possible. But we're not seeing a change. Momentum continues to be good. Outsourcing still resonates and we're seeing, as I mentioned earlier, the no program market is still really, really large. And we've become pretty darn proficient at presenting to those prospects to help them run a better business. And we help them with all the products and services we provide. And as I mentioned, it's not always new money. Usually they're spending something. It's just redirecting it to us to do it better, faster, smarter, cheaper type thing.
Todd Schneider: Yeah. So, George, so it's in our internal growth. So it is helping us -- that focus is helping us to organize around the customer and provide the products and services that they want. And that has been a good strategy for us over the past number of years. So we like all the verticals we're in. We find them very attractive. Whether it's healthcare, hospitality, education, state, local government, business, it's all attractive and we're organized around it and our value proposition is resonating with them.
Todd Schneider: Good morning, Luke. We really like the First Aid business. Part of our culture is continued innovation. So we're always looking at improving our -- improving our processes, improving our products, improving our services, so it's always a component. I cannot give you a number of, hey, it was X basis points of growth due to a product rollout or what have you, but I can tell you this. The value proposition in the First Aid business and all of our businesses, but in First Aid, as you asked about, it's really resonating. And the mix of business that we have there is really good. And we're able to be better sourcers, better providers of products with our investment and our distribution center. So when you have a robust supply chain that allows us to get products to the customers in a really timely fashion, it puts us in a great spot to be successful. And so yeah, cross-sell, we're absolutely, we want all of our customers, whether they're uniform or fire or direct sale customer, we want them all to know about our First Aid business. And we try to make sure that that occurs in many different conduits, but it's, yeah, we're benefiting from that cross-sell.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Luke, yeah, again, I'll go back to our culture. Our culture is such that we are constantly innovating and pushing ourselves to be the -- to provide the best products and services. And so you'll see more of that to come. We're constantly innovating to put our partners in the best position, our employee partners in the best position to provide the most value for our customers.
Todd Schneider: Good morning, Andrew. As you know, we don't give out those specific numbers, but directionally to your question, yeah, we're seeing growth across them at all. It's -- there's good demand for our uniform business and our facility services business, frankly for all of our business products and services. So, nothing to point out to one particular area there. As far as ad stops, we haven't really seen a change to our customer behavior there. So, it’s -- I'll call it kind of business as usual. There's many inputs to that number, but nevertheless, I'd say it's kind of business as usual.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Jasper, good morning. As I mentioned, we really like the business and it's performing really well and we're investing appropriately. The amount of prospects out there are massive. And to Mike's point earlier, the value proposition is resonating. We talk about the mantra in that business is what's more important to a business than the health and safety of their employees and their customers. So that is resonating. We're in a great position to invest to provide those products and services. So we're doing just that. And so we're investing in selling resources, we're investing in marketing resources, because we really like where we are and it makes sense to invest. And I think you're seeing it show up in the operating margin and the gross margin.
Todd Schneider: Jasper, good question. Certainly, labor is an important component. We want to make sure that we're providing attractive wages, competitive wages. And we've spoken on previous calls that we were not flat-footed when it came to the wage inflation that I'd say North America has seen over the past few years. So we've been in a good position and we like where we are from that perspective. And here's what's really exciting, is we have, I mentioned earlier, our Six Sigma teams, our engineering teams, they're helping us to automate certain items to bring transformation technology to portions of our business, whether it's SmartTruck or plant efficiencies, that allows us to mitigate that subject as best as possible. And so we're investing and have invested for years in those organizations and it's paying off in -- and what we're seeing with our total labor costs as we manage through and make sure we're still in a really good spot to be a competitive and attract the very best people.
Todd Schneider: Good question, Ashish. I would characterize -- well, first off, we have a great relationship with Google. You're correct, we did migrate to the Google Cloud platform and I would characterize it as we're in the early innings there. And so we certainly hope to maximize our relationship and put our employee partners in a position to provide more value and to be as successful as possible. Because we believe there's tools that will be available to us to provide more value to the customers and to put our people in a better position to provide that value which makes them more successful. So early innings, but we're optimistic about where that can go.
Todd Schneider: Good morning, Stephanie. From our strategic initiatives that we're focused on how can we impact our business in total, certainly our material costs, our energy, our labor. And Mike referred to earlier, our energy spend is down 40 basis points. That's not all just price. That is, those initiatives that we referred to earlier, the material cost is -- our two largest costs are material costs and labor. So we're very focused on driving efficiencies in all those areas, because to Mike's earlier point, we love the volume growth, but we don't want to sacrifice margin because the volume growth is so robust that we've got these strategic initiatives to extract these inefficiencies out of our business. And I wouldn't speak to any one in particular that it's in the earlier innings or the others. We've got a nice runway forward for doing that. A little bit of that is our culture, is that we're constantly trying to innovate and push ourselves to be better. So I think you'll see that continued. As far as acceleration, it's built in. We're constantly doing it. So I think we're focused on those incremental margins and this is an important component of making sure that we can hit those numbers.
Todd Schneider: I'll start on the outlook and, Mike, if you want to speak to the margins. The uniform direct sale business is strategic business for us. We have some really large strategic accounts, whether it's national accounts or in the hospitality, gaming area of our business. And so strategic meaning that those customers spend a lot more money with us not just with garment direct sale but also outside of that. So that's important. That being said, that business certainly can be a little lumpy due to the nature of it with rollouts and purchases. But we like where we're positioned there. We like the value proposition that we're -- where we are there. So we think the outlook's very positive there. As far as the fire business, it's been a great business for us. The results over the last several years, we've seen great revenue growth, we've seen great margin improvement, and it's the only business we're in where you legally have to have those products and services. So we think it’s -- the outlook is really positive because of the prospects that are out there and the runway we see for opportunity. So, Mike, if you want to comment on margin.
Todd Schneider: Good morning, Shlomo. Yeah, from a macro environment, as I mentioned, we haven't seen much change in our customer behavior. Certainly there is always some puts and takes. And as you mentioned, our employer is under pressure to figure out ways to automate things because wage inflation, that has occurred and will continue to occur, it's occurred for many, many years. Now there's also some -- the infrastructure bills that are out there, the on-shoring. I can't speak to specifics of, oh, boy, we're benefiting from this or this is a headwind here. But generally, we like the spot we're in. And we think it's, the macro environment where it's been reasonably stable and that's -- we find that attractive and we can be really successful in that environment.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Shlomo, I would characterize it as, it's pretty well business as usual. They're a very good competitor, always have been, I'm sure they always will be, and we have a great deal of respect for them. And it's a very competitive environment, always has been as far as -- as long as I've been with the company, it has been, and I'm sure it will be in the future and -- but we're focused on putting our employee partners in the best position to be successful in providing our customers the best value proposition. So really none of that has changed.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Kartik, it starts with our culture and our expectations of our employee partners and the pace and the intensity of which they run. But that being said, we’ve -- our value proposition is really resonating in each of the businesses we're in. The first aid business we spoke about, it's very good. Outsourcing is resonating nicely. Maybe it has to do with, it's not as easy to hire people as it has been in the past, so if you want someone to outsource it, it's that much more attractive. Yeah, we like the spot we're in, and it’s -- and we have exceeded our internal expectations, and we're pleased with that. But there's so many inputs to it, because we're trying to focus on providing better products, better services, better technologies to make our people more successful and to make our customers that much happier. So a lot of inputs but we like where we're positioned and we're continuing to invest for the future.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Kartik, good question. I wouldn't speak to any change there. It's more about -- certain events might cause them, whether it's an owner's age or succession or -- there's many different life events that would cause them to make a move. And it's more about that to your point. It's in certain cases, these are decades in the making. And you can't really pace them, but when they are ready, we're ready. And we're highly acquisitive, very interested in M&A from all shapes and sizes, big, little, medium, everything in between, we think it’s -- we're very interested.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, good morning, Toni. Well, I'll say this about our focus verticals. I certainly expect them to grow faster than the business in general. And when you have an organized approach and you're organized around a customer base, you certainly expect that. And we've chosen what we think are really good verticals that are very attractive. So yeah, I can't give you a specific of -- boy, it's adding X amount of basis points to our total growth, but we think we've chosen well. And we're always analyzing what's -- should we have another one or should we not? And what's the best way? And it really gets down to what puts our employee partners in the best position to be successful and what creates the most value for the customer base. So we're looking, we're evaluating, always doing that, but we like where our investment is at this point.
Todd Schneider: Yeah, Toni, first off, thank you. I'm glad to hear that. The algorithm is working and it's hitting our target audience. So I wouldn't say there's been a step change there. It's just trying to be -- make sure our investment is well-placed. And we're trying to leverage analytics and technology to make sure that the investment is deriving the very best ROI as possible. So it's just a matter of tweaks versus a step change in investment.
Mike Hansen: Maybe a couple added points. As Todd said, these are great acquisitions, and we've had a handful of them this fiscal year. Each of the two that Todd talked about is less than $20 million in annual revenue. The $17.4 million that we gave you in our prepared remarks includes the impact of those. But keeping in mind, we've made acquisitions all year long, and so that fourth quarter impact would include all of the acquisitions we've made throughout the last 12 months. Just something to keep in mind as you're thinking about our fourth quarter.
Mike Hansen: Yeah. I apologize. No, as Todd talked about, our market remains very large, the momentum in the business remains good, the adoption remains good, and the guide for the fourth quarter is right where we want to be in terms of sort of the stated profile of growth that we want to have. And so, all of that put together with not really any change in customer behavior would mean, no, continued performance like we've seen, and we continue to like the momentum of the business. As it relates to your second question, the 60 basis points, that was not contemplated in the initial guide from the beginning of the year and that was simply absorbed through -- well, in this third quarter, the 60 basis points simply absorbed.
Mike Hansen: And maybe one added comment Luke, when we think about this business, you may have heard us speak to umbrellas of image, safety, cleanliness and compliance and when we think about this business, safety is a fairly large umbrella and when our first aid and safety people are speaking with customers and thinking about that innovation that Todd talked about, we're thinking quite broadly about how do we keep our customers, how do we help our customers keep their employees safe. And that can mean opportunities into the future. And that's the way we look at it from a broad perspective.
Mike Hansen: Yeah, we've -- each quarter this year has been 22% or higher, which is quite a big improvement from a year ago. And so, as Todd said, these -- and we want to continue to invest in the long-term growth of all of our businesses. And you can really see those investments playing out, particularly in the gross margin line of first aid and safety. But we love the margins. They're up quite a bit over the last few years. And we'll continue to invest as we see appropriate.
Mike Hansen: Yes. Todd talked a little bit about how we are working on all pieces of the business, but certainly one of those is inventory, and he touched on a little bit of garment sharing. So you can think about when we improve garment sharing, for example, we don't need to inject as many new garments into that in-service inventory. So the more sharing means better utilization of our existing in-service inventory, and it means we don't have to add as much into the in-service inventory from new purchases. That's one of the areas. Certainly, though, there are others like improved sourcing as well. Volume growth, as Todd said, remains really strong, and so what we're seeing is some nice offsetting of the volume growth with some of these initiatives.
Mike Hansen: Yeah, the only thing I might add is we're certainly in the very early innings of technology and we believe there's a nice runway there. Todd talked about just the recent migration to the Google Cloud and that creates a foundation for us to do some interesting things moving forward.
Mike Hansen: Sure. So as Todd said, the fire business in particular, the margins have increased quite a bit in the last handful of years, and we've seen a lot of the same initiatives and other initiatives specific to that business really take off like we've seen in our other businesses. The one thing I might point out there, we did see some increase in SG&A and the fire business year-over-year, and we're starting to get into that SAP implementation for the fire business. So we might see a little bit of pressure as we move into fiscal ‘25 on the fire margins, the overall margins because of that investment and that move. But as you've seen with our rental and first aid and safety businesses, once we understand how to use that and get proficient at it, it can create some really nice opportunities. So maybe a little bit of -- we've seen some great improvement, maybe a little bit of next year and the following year pressure on SG&A because of that implementation, but we certainly expect those margins to continue to improve in the longer term. From a uniform direct sale margin perspective, as Todd said, that business is going to go up and down. It's going to be a little bit bumpy from quarter to quarter. And because of that, the margins will be as well. So I don't think there's anything specific to call out other than it isn't quite as consistent of a business as the other three that we have.
