Mike Hansen: Good evening and thank you for joining us tonight. With me is Paul Adler, Cintas Vice President and Treasurer. We will discuss our first quarter results for fiscal 2016. After our commentary, we will be happy to answer questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. As we reported today, in the press release, please note that a change in our reportable segments U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles require companies to evaluate their reportable operating segments when certain events occur. As a result of a recent evaluation, effective June 1, 2015, we will report the following operating segments: Uniform Rental and Facility Services, First Aid and Safety Services, and All Other. All Other primarily consists of Fire Protection Services and our Direct Sale business division. We are pleased to report first quarter revenue of $1.199 billion, an increase of 8.8% from the prior year first quarter. Organic revenue growth, which adjusts for the impact of acquisitions, work day differences, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, was 6.8%. Organic revenue growth for our Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment was 6.8% and the First Aid and Safety Services segments organic growth was 10.5%. The performance of our sales force in both segments was strong. We continue to add new customers and provide existing customers with additional products and services from our broad line. First quarter operating income was $185.5 million, which was 15.5% of revenue compared to an operating margin of 14.8% in the prior year period. This represents a 70 basis point improvement from last year’s operating margin. Net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 was $106.2 million and earnings per diluted share or EPS from continuing operations for the first quarter were $0.93. Note that the first quarter of last fiscal year’s net income and EPS from continuing operations were positively impacted by a gain from the sale of stock in an equity method investment. Excluding this gain, first quarter net income and EPS from continuing operations increased 15.1% and 19.2% respectively, compared to the prior year. Net income from continuing operations as a percent of revenue improved 50 basis points to 8.9% from 8.4% of revenue in last fiscal year’s first quarter, excluding the prior year period gain. We also demonstrated our continuing commitment to providing shareholder value through our stock buyback program. During August and into September through the close of business yesterday, Cintas purchased 2.9 million shares of common stock. This share buyback had no impact on first quarter EPS, but is expected to benefit full fiscal year EPS by $0.05. Since the beginning of fiscal 2016, approximately 4.5 million shares of common stock have been purchased at an aggregate cost of $381.2 million. As of September 23, 2015 Cintas had 381.8 million, available under the current Board of Directors stock repurchase authorization. As Cintas’ CEO, Scott Farmer stated in the today’s press release, we are off to a good start to our fiscal 2016 year. We thank our employees whom we call partners for their strong performance. On August 1, 2015 the company closed on the acquisition of Zee Medical, for a consideration of approximately $134 million in cash. About $121 million were paid at the closing of the transaction and an additional $13 million may be paid in the future fiscal years subject to holdback provisions. We are in the very early stages of the integration of the Zee business. We are excited about the benefits and opportunities this acquisition provides, including expanding our footprint and enabling us to serve an even greater number of customers in North America. As a result of our first quarter results and the recent acquisition of Zee Medical, we’re updating our annual guidance. We expect fiscal 2016 revenue to be in the range of $4.8 billion to $4.880 billion, and fiscal 2016 EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $3.79 to $3.88. This guidance does not include any EPS impact from the announced agreement to sell our investment in Shred-it, which has not yet closed. This guidance does not include any potential deterioration in the U.S. economy or additional share buybacks. The EPS guidance is detailed in a table within today's press release. I’ll now turn the call over to Paul for more details on company financial performance.
Mike Hansen: You are correct. Without Zee and without the share buyback impact, the guidance is generally the same. Our first quarter results were generally in line and we still feel good about the year. There is no change in the way we feel about that with maybe the only possible exception of the Canadian dollar continues to weaken. Today, it was somewhere in the 1.33, 1.34 range which is a little bit weaker than we guided at 1.25. So we may see a little bit of top line impact as we go through the rest of the year. But aside from that, we still feel good about the year and not really any change to our thinking.
Mike Hansen: Certainly Zee is a great opportunity for us and one that we feel very excited about. It certainly does demonstrate that we want to put our cash to work and we really do like the opportunities for M&A particularly in a case like Zee where there is a lot of tuck-in opportunity. I would say I can’t comment on any other items because I wouldn’t want to speculate, but we’re certainly continuing to be active and looking for opportunities to add value through M&A.
Mike Hansen: Well, we – a number of things. As Paul mentioned, we had a very good new business quarter. One of the things in the last call that we talked about was a little bit of preparing in the fourth quarter to get off to a good start. So we probably hired some reps early, we added some routes earlier and we got some good momentum going into the year and that continued through the quarter, new business was very strong. Customer retention was a little bit better than last year so another benefit not as significant as the new business. Pricing was I would say the environment didn’t change much but it was still a fairly positive environment with the exception of our energy related customers.
Mike Hansen: So those three areas all contributed. I would say that there was a little bit of an offset from those energy related customers as we’ve talked in the last several quarters. Our oil and gas customers are certainly operating under difficult environments as well as our mining customers and we saw our uniform rental net add-stops being negative for the quarter. So there was a bit of a drag from that, but certainly…
Mike Hansen: We haven’t provided that and I would rather not get into that number. I don’t have it calculated. We are really focused on the top line but I would say that we don’t expect many significant changes to that – to the first quarter performance. We still feel good about the year.
Mike Hansen: I can’t give you any specific numbers, George, but I will tell you that the penetration opportunities still exist and they are – we are taking advantage of them. Our ability to sell particularly into good uniform rental, anchor accounts with our signature series hygiene products, our chemicals, our microfiber mops et cetera it’s still going very well. I would say that new business has been a strength over the last five years or so but penetration has continued to be very, very solid for us. And while I can’t give you a number, both are continuing to drive organic growth.
Mike Hansen: I would say that for the quarter, we experienced a little bit of continued deterioration from our oil, gas and mining. Aside from that, I would say it was a pretty constant and consistent quarter. So, not a lot of changes, we went through the quarter and not much change since August 31. We are only a couple of weeks in, but nothing marketable to speak up.
Mike Hansen: Generally, Joe, we want to continue to add routes throughout each year and we have continued to do that. So I wouldn’t expect that we will have a big influx of routes anytime soon but a little bit depends on the nature of the economy and what we are seeing with our customers. But I would say I wouldn’t expect to have an influx of new routes in the Rental business. In the First Aid business, we have continued to add routes. We have in that business, our SSRs really do drive a lot of growth and we want to make sure that they have the capacity, the time to spend selling and so we are fairly aggressive in adding routes to that business. But I will tell you with the Zee acquisition, there is a lot of integration to be doing and we’re going to have to take that quarter-by-quarter.
Mike Hansen: I wouldn’t say that we are seeing a marketable change from the other customers but the environment has been pretty good. I mean they are – when we can show them value, they will take additional products and services that do add that value. But I wouldn’t say that we’ve seen a marketable change to that, but certainly a different operating environment than our oil, gas and mining customers.
Mike Hansen: Yes. We had commented that it was about 50 basis points worth of growth which would effectively mean the same kind of thing on margin.
Mike Hansen: As you can probably tell from our guidance, we expect no impact on EPS this fiscal year. So this acquisition is about a third the size of our existing First Aid business. It’s a large acquisition for us and there are a lot of integration steps to be done. We need to rebrand the trucks, we are putting people into Cintas uniforms, we have to convert the systems and we’re going to be doing that over the course of the year. I would say the other thing about the Zee business, the routes were not as efficient as the Cintas routes. The custom, the revenue per route, the revenue per customer is not nearly as high as Cintas and so it’s a bit of a - a little bit more of an inefficient business and we've got some work to do to integrate and get that to the levels where we want them to be. Having said that the integration is going very well and we’re excited about that business and its opportunity that it creates for our First Aid business. I’m hesitant to get into any more specific integration costs in the first quarter. We really just got it in the month of May, I'm sorry in the month of August and had a lot of meetings training et cetera and we’re really just now getting started on that. And so again, I’ll reiterate, the current year we're not expecting any accretion, but we certainly do expect to get that next fiscal year. Once we see how the integration develops as the year goes on, we’ll be more in a position to provide guidance at that point.
Mike Hansen: I’m not prepared to do that yet. I want to see more develop within the integration. We certainly have an integration plan, but I'd rather wait until we see a little bit more of the integration develop.
Mike Hansen: Well of course there is. The pricing is always competitive, there is no question about that and we are only able to raise prices when we are showing great value to our customers and that’s the, as long as we can continue to show that we are providing great value we don't necessarily see a change in the environment unless the economy changes. I would say that based on that pricing environment, being relatively similar to last, the last several quarters, we haven't seen a lot of competitive changes in this first quarter. And I can't say that that won't happen in the future, but we haven't seen it yet.
Mike Hansen: Andy that fire business, the direct sale business there still very important to us. We believe that they are good businesses, but we are giving visibility to 90% of our revenue going forward and certainly the focus is on those two largest businesses that we have. As it relates to the margins of that All Other, you know we expect improvement just like we do in our Other Businesses and there are certainly as leveraged to be gained, there are route density opportunities and so we certainly do expect continued improvement because we have the Direct Sale business in there, it could be a little bit bumpy at times because of the ups and downs of that business, but generally speaking we expect improvement.
Mike Hansen: Yes. Actually in the earnings release income statements there is a table supplemental information and there we have recast it all the prior year quarter's by segments, we don't bring new gross margin income, assets, so you will have some good segment data under the new structure for fiscal 2015 and then obviously 2016 going forward.
Mike Hansen: We have not seen much of a change in their behavior in this quarter compared to the last quarter. I would say that’s true for not only manufacturing, but our other verticals, excluding that energy-related sector.
Mike Hansen: As we've talked about in previous calls, our goal is certainly to grow organically and followed by M&A and we would love other opportunities like Zee Medical, but when we have additional cash what we certainly will take a look at in increasing dividend, but then if there is cash remaining outside of those opportunities our board likes to put it to work and so I say that Sarah because a lot of it depends on how that cash balance looks and what the other opportunities for cash are. I would say that that buyback program has been quite a benefit, we believe to our shareholders and if we have available cash we’ve shown that we will put it to work. While I can't give you any specifics because it’s a board level decision I would just say that if we have available cash we like to put it to work. We have $381 million left on our current authorization and the board will be looking at our positions over the rest of the fiscal year.
Mike Hansen: That’s a tough question, Scott. I would say that it felt like from an oil rig standpoint in the first quarter, there was some stability towards the end of the quarter. But then you read an article like in today’s Wall Street where there are fracking firms that are starting to close up shop. That’s a tough one to call. I would love to say that we are in the late innings of that oil and gas, but I don’t know that I can say that. I would say that today – as of August 31, those oil and gas customers for us, the revenue is lower today than it was at May 31 because of continued net stops but I’m not exactly sure, Scott, where that’s going to end up. From a mining perspective, we see some pretty hard hits and I’m afraid I can’t give you much future guidance in that either other than to say that it’s been a tough environment for the mining industries at least for our customers and I would expect that that’s not going to turnaround overnight nor will the oil and gas customer impact turnaround overnight.
Mike Hansen: I would say that everything is status quo. Now keep in mind that Energy customer impact also does affect First Aid and Safety. We have a lot of good Energy customers but having said that, I would say that the pricing environment for most others is status quo.
Mike Hansen: I think that we would have had somewhat of an increase without Zee Medical in that gross margin. I would say that if the integration continues to go well and we start the process of rebranding and putting the routes on to our systems as the year goes on, we would expect to see some improvement. So I would expect that the drag that we saw in the first quarter is going to be the worst of the year and we should start to see a little bit of improvement. I would say that for the year we don’t expected necessarily to turn positive for the cumulative year but by the fourth quarter we could see a little bit of benefit if the integration goes well.
Mike Hansen: I would say that from a seasonal standpoint, it’s probably very similar to our business where we have a lot of outdoor activity in the First Aid business in the summer, a lot of construction sites et cetera. You get into the winter, you see better margins because of the cold and flu season. So I think it would track the same kind of performance of our First Aid business. Now, because of the disruption that is happening because of the integration, I am not ready to say that, that the month of August was representative of the year. I would certainly love to see us improve on that but we’re going to need to let the dust clear a little bit on the integration before we can give you a good run rate number.
Mike Hansen: We think all of those areas are very good opportunities for more route density, no doubt about it. We do some comparisons internally and from one location to another and we’ve got locations that are more mature where the route density is quite a bit higher than in some of the larger cities like New York and LA even Philadelphia. So we think there really are some good opportunities in a lot of big cities not just a few but a lot. We are not nearly penetrated to the extent we think we can be.
Mike Hansen: That project is going very well. We are on the same schedule as we talked about over the last few quarters. We are on the same cost expectation as we’ve been over the last few quarters and so that means we would expect that we will come out of the realization mode at the end or towards the end of this fiscal year and start to put that system to work a little bit in fiscal 2017 from the standpoint of the roll out should start to happen. And so we will see a little bit of the – I shouldn’t say a little bit, we will see some cost impact and we will quantify that more once we get to the point where we know we’re rolling out but we will see some cost impact next fiscal year.
Mike Hansen: I can’t tell you that we could – we’ve seen a noticeable impact of that. I am sure it’s happening here and there, but we haven’t seen a noticeable impact. I would like to believe that we in North America are very entrepreneurial and we’re going to continue to create jobs and replace certain jobs that get automated, and we’re going to do our best to put those new jobs into uniform. We certainly believe that we want to continue to put more and different types of job functions into uniforms and we’re going to continue to work on that. I think we’ve been pretty successful over the last handful of years and that we’re going to continue to look for those opportunities and I like to bet on the North American entrepreneur to create more jobs and we’re going to put them in uniform.
Mike Hansen: I believe that I can give you a little bit of that, yes. So let me talk Uniform Rental and Facility Services, in the first quarter last year it was 8.5%, in the second quarter it was 8.1%, in the third quarter it was 7.9%, and as Paul mentioned in the fourth quarter it was 6.2%. So not a whole lot difference from what we reported especially directionally. From a First Aid and Safety standpoint, 10% even in the first quarter, 13.7% in the second quarter, 10.6% in the third quarter, 8.2% in the fourth quarter. From an all other standpoint, it was 0.8% in the first quarter, it was negative 0.5% in the second quarter, 3.6% in the third quarter, 3.8% in the fourth quarter and you can kind of see there a little bit of the bumpiness that we talked about in that direct sale business.
Mike Hansen: I would say that, so you can think about the – lets go to the midpoint of the range that Paul gave of 575 in proceed. Now one thing to keep in mind is some of those proceeds will drag out a little bit with kind of the customary holdbacks but let’s go to the midpoint of that number. You will see on the balance sheet that there is an asset held-for-sale of 194, 275 that is our book value. The difference between the proceeds and that book value is a gain on which we’ll have tax of 37.3%. In addition to that on the balance sheet, there is a liability held for sale of 78,457 and that essentially is a differed tax item because we did not pay any tax on last year’s gain at the time of that transaction nor did we paid tax on the dividend that occurred in May. And so when we pay taxes, we will have a little bit of a catch up because of that differed liability. I would expect that, as Paul said, we will see we expect that to close in the fourth quarter of this calendar year. I would expect that if that happens, we will pay those taxes in the first calendar quarter of next year.
Mike Hansen: Yes, it’s built into our tax rate and so you will see essentially a net income that is the after tax gain.
Mike Hansen: We want to see that close first. Our Board will certainly have that on their agenda and we’ll be talking about it but we need to see that close before we commit to spending it.
Mike Hansen: I don’t – Gary, I don’t have that in my fingertips in terms of the – we did buy some shares in September, I don’t have that at my fingertips in terms of the first quarter only.
Mike Hansen: Yes, there certainly are those logistical issues of finding the right land, getting the permitting done and then actually building the building. We certainly do have some markets that have capacity that’s getting tight. It’s not preventing us from growing but we are getting close in some of those markets and we do need to add some capacity and our expectation is that we will do that towards the backend of this year, but it’s not preventing us from growing.
Mike Hansen: John, I honesty I don’t have that at my finger tips and I don’t think I would like to give that level of detail out just for competitive reasons, but certainly in Texas and Canada, in West Virginia there are a lot of oil, gas and mining customers and those are the hardest hit areas. We are not shrinking in any of those areas, we’re still growing and certainly not at the same pace as the rest of the country, but I don’t have a number to share with you.
Mike Hansen: We talked a lot last year about that oil and gas being 2% to 3% of our total revenue that sector has gotten hit pretty hard. I would say that while that the - that sector has been hit hard and maybe a little harder than we would have expected, we haven’t seen the spillover to be that much more significant and really not any more significant than we would have expected throughout the course of the last year. I think it has been fairly connected to that energy sector, but we’ve been able to grow quite well despite that and so we don’t see a lot of spillover.
Mike Hansen: There are some small independent opportunities that could be out there. Zee did have a franchise network and so there are some opportunities there, at the right value. I would say there are not a lot of other large players when we think about that business the competition is coming from those smaller players, but also the do it yourselfers, the Grainger’s, the people going down the Wal-Mart or Sam’s club, so I would say that the M&A as the business exists today is likely going to be smaller tuck-in opportunities.
Mike Hansen: Well the annual revenues as we mentioned in our press release are about, we would expect $100 million to $120 million, because we will own Zee for 10 months this year, we are expecting $90 million to $100 million. I don’t have at my fingertips the revenue by geography, but I will tell you that our margins are in the Cintas legacy First Aid business are better than Zee Medical, but we’ve got a lot of integration to do and we want to see those things improve. I am not ready to quantify a synergy opportunity yet because I want to see more of the integration happen.
Mike Hansen: Well thank you again for joining us tonight and we look forward to speaking with you again at the end of our second quarter and we’ll issue our second quarter earnings in late December. Thank you.
