Mike Hansen: Well we saw our organic growth from the first quarter this second quarter accelerated about 60 basis points as Paul said about 35 basis points was because of the lessening oil and gas customer impact and so I guess I would say you know we've seen quite steady performance except for that vertical for some time now and I would say that that is sustainable as we move forward in this economic type of environment, if we see the economy change one way or the other we may see some change, but we feel very good about our execution and that's kind of where we've been, that's where our results have been for a number of quarters except for that one vertical.
Mike Hansen: Paul mentioned that we saw some acceleration through the quarter, in the last month of the quarter we were about 4.5 and I would expect to see step up from there in the third and then little bit more step up in the fourth. We're not ready to give particular guidance, but we expect that to return to that high single-digit low double-digits overtime, and we certainly expect to make progress on that in the back half of the year.
Mike Hansen: I would say this, first of all Paul called out medical and certainly medical was a spike of 70 basis points this quarter, again as he said, we had some -- we had a combination of a handful of high dollar claims that hit us this quarter. We don't see that as a trend going forward. As it relates to the other items that Paul pointed out in terms of -- let me speak to SAP for a second, we certainly have guided for more SAP expense in the back half of the year, as we kind of move out of the pilot and into the full implementation. The spend that we have talked about tonight $20 million to $25 million, you can imagine the bulk of that is in the second half of the year. But it is lower because we're starting to combine a little bit the SAP and the G&K system conversion and so we're going to make sure that we've a coordinated effort to move forward in the right way with both of those projects. If you kind of think about the first half of the year, the first quarter we were up about 70 basis points over last year. Second quarter without that medical spike we're up 70 basis points and we will continue to invest in SAP in preparation for the G&K closing. And we'll have some of that ready for the workday. So, yes, Toni, we will see some heightened SG&A as we continue to prepare for these two large projects. We want to make sure that we are providing the right resources for each of them.
Mike Hansen: Certainly we've seen a lot of positive sentiment and at this point in time it's just sentiment and so we've got ways to go before we see anything impactful, but having said that, look if we see lower corporate income tax rates that will be certainly beneficial for us because we're mostly a U.S. based company. If we see a repatriation opportunity certainly that's not significant for us, but if we see a lot of cash coming back and flowing into the economy that's going to be good for our customers and ultimately good for us. And then if we see some infrastructure spend that's going to be good for construction, for equipment and certainly that's going to benefit our customers and eventually benefit us. But I would say again Toni, we are a ways away from seeing anything yet and I -- as we think about our year, we are not including any benefits from changes from the new administration, we absolutely like how our year is going so far, we've got a very good organic growth rate, we've seen Rental continue to be strong First Aid is going to continue to be strong in the second half of the year. We've seen some really nice gross margins and gross margin improvements, so we feel like we've got a very healthy business that's executing very well and boy if we get some help in the back half of the year from changes from the new administration that will be even better. 
Mike Hansen: Well you're right Nate. I think today and over the last five years, we've been a more innovative company than maybe 10 and 15 years ago. I think, if you go back kind of prior to the last cycle. We were kind of building the footprints still, we we're adding sales reps and we were getting a lot of growth in that manner. And as we fully build out that footprint, and as we got into the great recession, we started certainly to recognize that we can't wait for employment to come back and we have to be more innovative and we have to create products and services that our customers really value and want to use, we've got to create garments that our customers want to wear, not just have to wear. I think we've done a great job of that. And we’ve got some active channels of feedback from our customers, from our service sales reps, we’ve got an active R&D program, we are looking for vendors to partner with like Carhartt. And so we -- there is no doubt we kind of changed from a company 10 and 15 years ago where we were building a footprint to a company that really looking for more and unique ways of serving businesses. So as we move forward then, we’ve got some exciting thing ahead obviously and that is the SAP and the G&K integrations. And as we move forward from there, I think there still are many opportunities to create products and services that pull even more types of customers into our customer base and to provide them with broader products and services. So we’re going to continue to look for those kinds of opportunities. And Nate, I would say one of the biggest assets that we’ve got certainly the biggest assets are our people and our culture, but really when you think about it, one of the biggest assets we have got is a great infrastructure to provide services close to a million businesses and we’ve got that infrastructure that can reach many more businesses as well. And so we are a nice avenue for many vendors to provide products and services. And I think that’s something that we can continue to take advantage of as we move forward.
Mike Hansen: Well, I think -- I would say more of it is coming from just kind of the general economic discussions, the rally in the stock market, the rise in the interest rate environment. I would say more of it is coming from that. When we think about the business, our specific business, in the second quarter, I would say if you kind of push aside a lot of this sentiment and noise, the economic environment for us in the second quarter didn’t feel a whole lot different than its felt in last few quarters with the exception of that oil and gas vertical, not deteriorating anymore and maybe stabilizing a little bit. But generally speaking I would say the economic environment doesn’t feel a whole lot different today than it has over the last few quarters.
Mike Hansen: That’s not the way I see it. So when we think about the -- and by the way we added the table because it is a little bit -- there are some moving parts and we wanted to make sure that we were as clear as we could be about it. So when I think about the first quarter, our range overall was 455 to 463, and that included a negative $0.02 from G&K in the first quarter and at that time, we had told you, we thought that ASU impact was $0.07, would be $0.07 for the year. That kind of gets us to 450 to 458, compared to tonight’s range or today’s range of 451 to 459. So I would see it as, I mean it’s really about the same but a penny higher.
Mike Hansen: So back at August, when we announced the transaction, we had talked about a, roughly a 4% rate and I would expect that we’ll be a little bit better than that. We have locked some of the rates, but not all of them. So there will still be some movement, but I would expect that we may be a little bit better than that.
Mike Hansen: Well, we certainly have an active global supply chain and we source from all over the world and we do our best to take advantage of existing trade agreements. I would say if the new administration pulled back on existing trade agreements or made changes to existing trade agreements, there could be some impact and we’ll do our best to work around that. So for example we have production in Haiti and we take advantage of the trade agreements with Haiti, we have some NAFTA benefits and if those go away then we’ll certainly have to determine how to adjust. Having said that, when you think about the cost of materials for us, in specifically garments, let’s keep in mind rental revenue is about 50% of the Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment. When you think about the cost of rentals we have the material cost, the production cost and the service cost, and so the material cost is certainly not the majority of that. When you think about then the material cost, the biggest cost in there is labor and so we'll work to see how can we manage that labor input as best we can. And so I guess what I am telling you is, it's a large part of our cost structure but it's not, it’s not significant and it happens over a long period of time. So for example we have to go source it, then we bring it into our distribution center where is stays for a turn, then it gets shipped to our rental locations where we put it into service and we amortize it over 18 months. So it takes quite a while to see the full impact of changes to our sourcing, and while we're going through that long supply chain timeframe we would be working towards improving our sourcing capability. So we're keeping our eyes on it, no question about it, and we'll react appropriately.
Mike Hansen: Yes, I would say its right around there Andy. You know when we think about our guidance for the second half of the year we think about, look we feel very good about the revenue, we feel very-very good about the gross margin, we have a healthy business and its executing well. We also have two very large and important projects ahead in SAP and in G&K, and we're going to make sure that we are investing in the right way to make sure that we implement those in the best way that we can. And so as I mentioned to Tony a little bit ago, we will continue to see some elevated SG&A because we're going to make sure we're ready for both of those projects and all of that's incorporated into that guidance.
Mike Hansen: I would say that there is going to be a little bit more in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter as we really get into the ramp up and -- so, I would say if you think about that remaining, I guess it's about 15 to 20 in the back half of the year, a little bit more of it is going to come in the fourth quarter.
Mike Hansen: Well we've already made that investment, we made it in -- primarily in the first quarter and so you are seeing that in those First Aid and Safety numbers that they are that investment that we made in the first quarter is now starting to become more productive and I don’t expect to see any additional investments other than kind of the routine.
Mike Hansen: Scott, you need to watch a lot more college football. But I mean, the rebranding campaign is going very well. We’re still not far enough along that, we have enough of full body of work to be able to analyze and come back to you with return on our investments. But anecdotally what we are hearing from our partners, the customers, it’s all very positive. In fiscal '16, we spent for the year about 25 basis points on the branding campaign and we expect that to be about the same impact here in fiscal '17. And as I said in the end of prepared remarks we will have a little bit heavier spend in our third quarter than in the fourth quarter.
Mike Hansen: Sure, so we -- lets go back to, we made that deal in August of 2015 and the first thing that we needed to do was get that business on to our systems. When we’re operating on their system, it hard for us to go and hire a sales rap, and put them on to their system because that would require them to sell ZEE Legacy product. And as you can imagine one of the things that we try to do is start to work our way out of the ZEE products and start to work into the Cintas products. This in ZEE’s case they didn’t have sales people, they have their drivers, their service sales raps or as we call them SSR’s, they had their SSR’s do the selling. And they didn’t have a dedicated sales force, so as we brought them on the first thing we needed to do was convert them on to our system. That as we’ve talked about took us really through the entire fiscal 2016 year and so as we are doing that conversation on to our system then we have to make sure that we train those SSR’s on our products and services. And then we do what we’ve talked about is a route optimization and that route optimization then takes those ZEE Legacy route, now that they’re on our system and now we look at the whole market and we reroute the market. And that puts us in a position then to most efficiently serve the customer, and that’s when we really like to then start to see the sales people start to drive revenue. And so in this case, in the case of ZEE, we didn’t invest in sales people early on, because it would have required us to sell for some period of time, the ZEE product and that was something we were trying to work our way out of. So it was something that we expected and now that we are through the system integration, we are through almost all of the route optimization. We’re ready to really begin aggressively selling and we should see that organic growth improve.
Mike Hansen: With every deal that we do, we will expect to see some revenue reduction in the legacy business and that’s true for every acquisition that we’ve made and that is because a combination of things such as, there is some disruption certainly and that disruption sometimes creates the customer -- or creates the environment for the customer to look at other providers. But in addition to that, it’s hard to sell; it’s hard to come out of the gate selling a lot of new business, because we need to train the legacy people, the SSRs and the sales people how to sell Cintas' products, how to sell using our policies, our procedures and our tools. And so there is a natural reduction in new business sales shortly after the closing of the transaction, while we are doing training and integration. And as we get through that training and integration period we then start to expect that those resources, those legacy resources will become more and more productive. So it is just natural that we will see some pressure on sales growth in our rental business post-closing of that transaction, but the really good news is as Paul mentioned in his prepared remarks going back to Z for a second. Our gross margin dollars are up 56% over pre-acquisition dollars, and so while there is some pressure on the topline we are really creating synergy opportunities and really creating cash flow because of the synergies we're able to create.
Mike Hansen: You know I'm not quite sure I understand the question and I would just say John, that I think we're still very comfortable with the 130 to 140. There is some work that remains to be done in an acquisition of this size, all that purchase price accounting is performed by an independent party and so there could be some movements there, but at this point in time I think we understand the economics well enough that we're still comfortable with that 130 to 140. So nothing related to your question that causes us pause at this point in time.
Mike Hansen: Generally there is not a cost and there is a true up at the time that we would do the financing. So, the answer to your question briefly we won't expect any change in our interest expenses.
Mike Hansen: Year-over-year, I think probably the third quarter is probably similar. The fourth quarter would probably be a little bit better year-over-year. But when you're thinking about our Q3 and Q4 there is still more in that Q3 then in the Q4 of fiscal '17.
Mike Hansen: I don't have the data with me by quarter, but I can tell you this, because we've already given you -- our Q1 energy was about 1.9% of revenue, Q2 was 2%. We think we'll end '17 in like the 2% to 2.2% range. So, we're expecting prices at the pump to rise. That compares to about 2% for fiscal '16.
Mike Hansen: I would say this Dan last -- for fiscal '16 our incremental gross margin in rental was about 58% for the year. In the second quarter it was about 56% last year. It was almost the exact same this year in the second quarter. And if you look at our incremental gross margins for the year, it's something in the way of just under 60. So I think we're continuing to have the performance that we've seen over the last year or so. Going into the second half of this year the only thing that I would say is we will be a little bit more aggressive in making sure that open positions in our rental business are filled, so that when we are ready to close the G&K transaction we're not trying to both fill our open positions and perform integration. We want to make sure that we are fully staffed as much as possible and so that's the only think I would say, it may put a little bit of pressure on that second half of the year, but generally speaking we think they will be healthy.
Mike Hansen: I would say that I'm not ready to give you a specific number. We've seen some really nice improvement over the last two quarters, and we expect to get back to and exceed pre-ZEE gross margins and as we grow the revenue I think we’ll make progress on that, but I'm not ready to just call it out specifically yet.
Mike Hansen: Well, thank you for joining us tonight. And we wish you all a wonderful holiday season. We will issue our third quarter earnings in the latter half of March. And we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Thank you.
Paul Adler: Yes Minaz, this is Paul. We estimate that that headwind that went from 110 to 75 will continue to step down in Q3 and Q4 such that you know for the full year the headwind would probably be in the 75 to 85 basis point range for the full year.
Paul Adler: The AdStops, the metric was positive this quarter, but it's typically positive. We get some benefit from seasonal items like jackets and some extra mats coming into the late fall into the early winter. The only thing noteworthy in AdStops was that the flame resistant garments FRC, that was more positive and that helps us support our conclusions that we think we have seen the bottom of that weakness in oil, gas and coal. Outside of that nothing noteworthy in AdStops, and in terms of pricing no change, it’s still very competitive but nothing significant to speak off.
Paul Adler: The typical claims were just simply certain claims that were very high dollar because of the specific situation of the person. Because we don’t expect a continued spike of this high dollar claims we generally don’t need to necessarily include that in our IB&R [ph] going forward.
Paul Adler: Well Joe, we don’t usually get into the specific details. I can tell you, new business remains strong and we feel very good about reaching that new customer base through what we call no programmers or new customers that haven’t had a Uniform Rental program. New business remains strong penetration remains strong with things like our signature series hygiene products and services with our entrance mats and I would say that we haven’t seen much of a change in the mix of the revenue growth other than to say that oil and gas at customer base, the stops or the reduction in revenue at those types of customers has subsided a little bit. But aside from that it is continuing to execute the way we have for quite a while now and that is no programmers being very strong, new business efforts in total being strong and continuing to find penetration opportunities. 
Paul Adler: We don’t, that diesel or gas surcharge is not something that we do. And we are buying gas everyday all over the country and a hedging program is very, very difficult, it's not like we’ve got large bulk buys at specific points in time and so no we don’t typically get involved in a hedging program because it's just very, very difficult to do so.
Paul Adler: Yes, yes, it is. We made a larger than typical investment in the first quarter, those partners are now starting to become productive. But we will continue to add selling resources just like we always do. So it's going to be more routine over the course of the next year or so, and -- but yes, to your question. Not only do we see or we expect some improvements sequentially in the back half of this year, I would suggest that’s going to continue in the first half of next fiscal year as well.
Paul Adler: It includes our understanding our estimates based upon experience of doing deals as to what we believe that purchase price accounting to be. But as I said [multiple speakers]. Yes, we reflected it to the best of our knowledge, but as I said we don't determine that ultimately, we'll have an independent accounting firm come in and sign off on that.
Paul Adler: I think if you kind of view an annualizing of that 75 to 85 basis points for the year, I think that gets us down in the fourth quarter to probably something in the way of 40 to 50 basis points of drag.
Paul Adler: But all in the second half of the year for us was about 1.8%. So, you can see we're guiding a little bit of an increase.
