Mike Hansen: Good evening and thank you for joining us this evening as we report our third quarter results for fiscal 2015. With me is Paul Adler, Cintas' Corporate Controller. After our commentary, we will be happy to answer questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. As we reported in today's press release, our results for continuing operations adjusted to exclude all impacts of the document management businesses are more representative of our ongoing performance. Therefore, our discussion of the company's performance will be based on the exclusion of document management. We are pleased to report third quarter revenue of $1.109 billion. Organic revenue growth, which adjusts for the impact of acquisitions, foreign currency and the Shred-It transaction was 7.5% for the third quarter. Each of our businesses organic growth was positive for the third quarter with rental organic growth being 7.8%, Uniform Direct Sales being 4.8%, and First Aid, Safety and Fire Protection Services organic growth being 7.5%. The third quarter revenue impacts from severe winter weather and the oil and gas related customers’ was relatively minor. Paul will touch on this when discussing the individual business results. We’re also pleased to show continued improvements in income as adjusted compared to last year’s third quarter as adjusted as operating income increased 17.1%, net income from continuing operations increased 20.2%, and earnings per diluted share increased 25%. Certainly, lower energy related costs help the comparison to last year, but we also feel good about our ability to leverage our infrastructure and manage our cost structure. Paul will discuss the energy related cost in more detail. We want to recognize our employees and we call partners for their dedication and competitive urgency in serving our customers. They continue to do a great job. Let me make a few comments about the Shred-It investment. First, regarding the presentation on the income statement, we have pulled the results out of SG&A and included in a line under income taxes entitled loss on investment in Shred-It, net of tax. This is in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and provide the pure indication of the performance of the business. Second, regarding the third quarter impact, we’ve recognized a $6.8 million net loss for our third quarter or negative $0.06 per share. This negative impact was primarily due to integration costs such as IT, system converting costs and rebranding costs. In addition, Shred-It has a fairly large presence in Canada and the weakening of the Canadian dollar compared to the U.S. dollar also had a negative impact. The conversion in general though, continues to progress as planned and we are pleased with the performance of the business. We indicated in today’s press release that we acquired 3.2 million shares of our common stock during the third quarter. The total cost was $251 million and the average cost per share was $78.84. This buyback had $0.01 positive impact on our third quarter EPS and we expected to benefit the fourth quarter by $0.02. As we announced on this past January of 13th, the Cintas’ Board authorized a new buyback program of $500 million and that entire program remains available as of today. We also announced in today’s press release that we have updated our guidance. We now expect our fiscal 2015 revenue to be in the range of $4.46 billion to $4.49 billion. We have tightened the revenue range slightly to reflect continued weakening of the Canadian dollar and for potential oil and gas related customer impact. While we did not see any noticeable revenue impact in the third quarter from our oil and gas related customer, we did began to hear from them that a negative impact is coming. On the EPS side, we now expect our fiscal 2015 earnings per diluted share guidance to be in the range of $3.55 to $3.58. When excluding the special items of the impact of the Document Shredding business and the additional gain on the Shred-it Transaction, the impact of the sale of stock in an equity investment and the impact of discontinued operations including the sale of the Document Storage and Imaging business. We expect fiscal 2015 earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $3.31 to $3.34. This EPS guidance is detailed in a table within today’s press release. I will now turn the call over Paul for more details on the third quarter performance.
Mike Hansen: Andrew, we knew that we would get out this question, so we’re trying to anticipate a little bit. The magnitude of those oil and gas customers has not changed since the second quarter, so it’s still in the lower single-digits. And when we think about the fourth quarter, more of the impacts based on our guidance movement is due to the Canadian dollar, but there will be a little bit of an impact from the oil and gas customers. We have started to hear from them that they are reducing workforce to some extent. But like I said the impact is within our guidance and the amount of those customers hasn’t really changed.
Mike Hansen: Well, I think it will be a relatively small move. And while we – I hesitate to give too many specifics, but I think it certainly is going to be less than a percentage point of impact in the fourth quarter. Now, the other thing I would say Andrew is we’re in the midst of this impact and we’re hearing from customers making moves on a daily basis if you will. And so, it’s a little bit hard to peg it exactly. We do think certainly that it’s within our guidance. As we get into fiscal 2016, we’ll certainly have to continue to evaluate how this moves and speak to that in July, but again it’s not – it is a relatively small portion of our overall revenue.
Mike Hansen: Our pricing environment in the third quarter was relatively the same as the second quarter. So we didn’t see much of a change, I think what we had signaled last quarter was that look as we – as those customers start to feel the impact of the lower oil prices, conversations about pricing may be a little bit more difficult. But we did not see a dramatic change in the pricing environment in the third quarter.
Mike Hansen: Well we, as Paul said, we didn’t see a noticeable change in the net add-stops number and that’s as you’ve probably heard from us that’s been relatively consistent over the last several years. And I think the impact of net add-stops on a quarter specific basis is just not that large and that’s the way it is been for the last-gasp five years and that’s what we saw in the quarter, just not much of an impact.
Mike Hansen: We certainly love to see our customers begin to hire at a higher rate and feel the impact of that, but we didn’t see that in the third quarter.
Mike Hansen: Well I will tell you, a year ago when we closed that transaction, we certainly with Shred-It put together a business plan and that business plan included certain performance expectations, certain synergies, certain integration costs. And that I would say that that integration is going as expected and we continue to be happy with that business. But because we are in the midst of that integration process, the results and the cost of those re branding efforts and IT conversion efforts are little bit unpredictable right now. And so we are not prepared to give really much of a forecast for the fourth quarter and certainly not for our fiscal 2016. As we get into fiscal 2016, that may change, but we need to see more of the integration be completed before we’re going to be ready to give forecasts.
Mike Hansen: Sure, we do have an active pipeline were we are constantly looking for opportunities in that area. I would say that evaluations are generally fairly high, but we’re certainly willing and looking for opportunities in that area. Even though nothing significant is close we’re still that is a great use of our cash and we’re still looking for those opportunities.
Mike Hansen: I would say that the processing capacity that we spoke off in the first half of the year is getting pushed into next fiscal year. We still have some SAP spending. As you know, we’re in the midst of the SAP projects for rental. And we’ll see a little bit of that get pushed into next year as well.
Mike Hansen: Sure, it’s – I would say that it’s a same thing that’s been driving for the last several quarters and that is good new business sales, so new customers. It is penetration of existing customers with additional products and services and certainly pricing has helped this fiscal year as well. We’ve talked about the pricing environment being more positive this fiscal year than compared to last fiscal year, so that’s certainly has helped us well. So it’s a combination of the three of those.
Mike Hansen: We still are actively working on those plans. As I have mentioned that the actual spending has been pushed – will get pushed into next fiscal year, but we still do need some capacity in certain areas and we’ll be moving forward with those plans next fiscal year.
Mike Hansen: We’ve been guidance exclusive of Shred-it. We that integration – while it continues as expected, it can be a little bit unpredictable in terms of when this spend happens and so we’re just not prepared to give good guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We do really believe that synergy opportunities are being achieved and will continue to be achieved and we really do believe that – that it will be additive to us. But we’re in a little bit of a period of unpredictability and hesitant to give any kind of guidance as a result.
Mike Hansen: Sure it will. I mean the quarter itself was $6.8 million and prior to this in the second quarter, I believe it was roughly $300,000 of a net expense, in the first quarter, because in our first quarter we were so close to the transaction date, that there weren’t a lot of integration activities happening.
Mike Hansen: Well, we are in a very early stages and so that the early stage is mean we are – we’re still building the system, we expect to be able to pilot that system, probably something early fiscal 2017 and if all goes well, then we’ll start to see a roll out some time in fiscal 2017 and continuing into fiscal 2018. So we’ll start to see the depreciation of that system, partially in 2017, probably if all goes well, a full year in 2018 and really want to start to see the benefit until we get to that point. So we haven’t seen any benefit of it yet nor have we seen any real expense yet.
Mike Hansen: Well it certainly would take our customers hiring at a more accelerated pace. When we think about the jobs, certainly the headlines are looking better and that is good news. We just haven’t seen that translate to net add-stops yet. Keeping in mind that the last several months are seasonally adjusted and so it gives a little bit difficult to equate the BLS information to our net add-stops. But we just haven’t seen yet and we need to see our customers more rapidly hire.
Mike Hansen: Well we – I would say that our first priority and our first preference would be to acquire businesses that are in our existing businesses within the U.S. and Canada. As certainly we will get the most value and synergies out of those kind of acquisition opportunities. Having said that, if we were able to find the right acquisitions internationally and in the right businesses we certainly would take a look at those. But as you probably seen from Cintas over the years, we would likely be a little bit more cautious about that. But our preference is acquisition opportunities in our existing businesses in the U.S and Canada.
Mike Hansen: Well, if we saw a rapid pick up in adds, so keeping in mind, we would likely have some additional material cost when a customer adds a new employee. We will go to our stockroom where we have existing garments and we’ll pull as many of those existing garments as we can and those are already in our cost structure. However, there are times due to size, differences, et cetera, where we may have to order some new garments as well. So there is a little bit of an incremental material cost impact. We then have to wash those instead of those garments sitting in our stockroom, we have to wash those garments and sort them. But then from a service standpoint, we’re already going to that customer, we’re already delivering and there really isn’t any additional cost there. So it is a very accretive kind of business and its great business and we love to see more of it. Would we get enough net add-stops to dramatically affect our capacity where we’d have to really see some significant hiring in order to do that. So, we’d have to have a lot of net add-stops affecting one or two or a few locations and that’s unlikely.
Mike Hansen: Well, we’re certainly always working on new products and services, no question about it. We are still working hard to penetration as many customers as possible with our Carhartt program. We’ve talked about Scrub Rental program and our chemicals. And those are still selling very, very well and the growth rates are still very good. I’m not ready to talk about any new items, but the really nice thing about our business is we’ve got close to a million customers that we’re seeing generally on a weekly or monthly basis and that relationship and that frequency create some good opportunities for us. And so we’re always looking and we’re currently working on ways to improve – not improve but increase the amount of products and services with each of them.
Mike Hansen: You know the theme that we’ve talked about over the last years or may be a couple of years is that healthcare is becoming a more and more important vertical for us as we create more products for that verticals such as the Scrub Rental Program, such as Microfiber mops and wipes. It is becoming more important for us and that’s been a nice vertical. I would say that really nothing other – no other verticals that really top out as being a big change to us.
Mike Hansen: Well, the oil and gas vertical requires a lot of fire resisting clothing. And so, I would say over really the last five years, it’s been a very nice vertical for us. We have had a lot success and the industry has had a lot of success selling fire resisting clothing to them. I would say that it hasn’t been a change to us though. It’s been fairly consistent and a good growth vertical for us for a number of years. I would say if you go back 10 years, Scott, probably less revenue in that area than today.
Mike Hansen: Well, the share buyback was $0.03, $0.01 in the third quarter and we expect $0.02 in the fourth quarter. I would say a lot of the guidance and we’re – I’m speaking to EPS was because of the good results in the third quarter certainly. And it just reflects our expectation for the fourth quarter. We’ve been at a pretty good operating margin for the year. I think Bill and I talked a little bit about that being relatively consistent throughout the year and I wouldn’t expect to change from that now.
Mike Hansen: I think the – our guidance would start to suggest that when you think about our third and fourth quarter of last fiscal year, we had some very healthy incremental margins. From a rental standpoint, the operating margin was close to 50% in the second half of the year, the incremental opportunity margins. It’s hard to keep that rate going for long periods of time, but we do still believe that that we can have very good incremental margins because we’ve got quite an infrastructure around the U.S. and Canada and we can continue to add products and services to our customers and some of those are not – some of the revenues that we’re getting is not processed, so we’re not really using any processing capacity. So we think there is still a certainly our good incremental margin opportunities as we move forward. Having said that at the 50% clip that that’s pretty hard to sustain over long periods of time.
Mike Hansen: I would say that that we’ve passed the 50% mark and so we’re probably in that third quarter of the integration.
Mike Hansen: Well, it certainly would be customer by customer, but we can use fire resistant clothing in other industries besides oil and gas. Anything that’s got kind of a flash fire opportunity can – will need fire resisting clothing and there are lots of opportunities for those. So they’re not quite as broad as our general work wear uniform, but there are other opportunities except for certain customers, who have very specific garments that that we would have an inventory liability protection on.
Mike Hansen: Adams, we’re not prepared right now to give fiscal 2016 guidance. I would tell you that that we do believe that we can continue to get leverage in the SG&A area, but not prepared right now to give 2016 information.
Mike Hansen: Well, thank you very much for joining us tonight. As a reminder, we’ll be issuing our fourth quarter earnings in mid July. So we look forward to speaking with you at that time. Good evening.
