Bill Gale: Good evening and thank you for joining us to discuss the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010. With me this evening is Cintas’ Vice President and Treasurer, Mike Hansen. Mike Hansen was recently promoted to this position from Corporate Controller to replace Mike Thompson, who has assumed a role in a rental organization as Senior Vice President, Facility Services. We are pleased to report that revenues increased 3.5% from last year’s fourth quarter. Internal growth, adjusting for acquisitions and the one additional workday in this year’s fourth quarter, compared to last year was also positive at 1.9%. After the very difficult economic conditions experienced since the beginning of the recession, this marks our first positive growth period in revenue since our quarter ending August 31, 2008. Our fourth quarter revenue of $909 million was above our previously released guidance of $870 to $890 million. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.36, compared to last year’s $0.03 per share. Prior year numbers included restructuring and impairment charges of approximately $49 million before tax or $0.35 per share. Current year earnings per share were positively impacted by approximately $0.01 due to the reversal of certain restructuring charges. As we have reported in the last couple of quarters, we continue to see signs of stability with the employment levels of our customers. While customers continue to be hesitant to add employees, we no longer see the significant reductions that occurred during the past couple of years. The result is that our new business is beginning to offset the impact of lost business or stops at existing customers. The pricing environment continues to be very competitive both with the new business, as well as, renewal of existing contracts. We continue to be very pleased with the overall financial condition. During fiscal 2010, we paid our annual dividend amounting to $74 million and still increased our cash and marketable securities by over $300 million. As of May 31, 2010, we had no commercial paper outstanding and have cash and marketable securities of over $560 million. During the recession, we continued to generate substantial cash flow and are able to keep our debt capacity available for opportunities that will arise for additional acquisitions or more rapid expansion throughout the world. Now that we have more confidence in our view of the future economic environment, we are resuming providing guidance. Our expectations are for revenues for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2011 to be between $3.55 and $3.75 billion, and earnings per share to be between $1.50 and $1.58. This guidance assumes a slowly improving economy with a relatively modest increase in employment levels and no significant increases in costs such as energy or medical benefits. We also expect our growth in both sales and profits to improve, as the year progresses on a workday adjusted basis. We are pleased to report our continued expansion outside of North America. Earlier this month, we acquired Squirrel Storage in the United Kingdom that has 10 record storage centers, serving six markets in England, Scotland and Wales. This acquisition, which has over 10 million pounds in annual revenue, now gives Cintas the opportunity to provide Document Management Services to customers in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, as well as, the U.K. We are excited to have a Cintas presence in the United Kingdom. We are encouraged with the stabilization of the economy. Through the very hard work of our employees, coupled with our strong customer relationships, we have weathered the most serious economic downturn since the 1930s. With our breadth of business services and strong financial position, we believe that we are prepared to benefit from the improved economic conditions that we expect to prevail in the next several years. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. Mike Hansen will now provide more detail on our results and after his comments we will open the call to questions.
Bill Gale: Well, John, I think what we are expecting and what our plan calls for is that we are going to continue to see good organic growth in our Document Management business, so that, that will continue to do well. We expect the businesses that are really impacted by employment levels, such as Uniform Rental, Uniform Direct Sales and even First Aid and Safety, to basically show some very modest growth as we go through the year. Reason being, that we are seeing customers at least starting the process of adding some employees in some sectors and therefore needing some uniforms. We're seeing, you know, additional hands in the first aid cabinets. We're seeing some of the hospitality customers, as Mike mentioned. We're looking now to refresh their programs and buy some uniforms but until we see a dramatic increase in employment, I don’t think we’re going to see a dramatic increase in those particular line – in those particular segments. So while we continue to sell new business, the fact that the customers are not reducing head count is going to help us show positive growth albeit at relatively modest rates.
Bill Gale: Well, as we've talked about over the last couple of quarters, John, now that we see the economic environment become more predictable, I think we anticipate being more aggressive on looking for good acquisitions in all of our business segments. And I think that would be the first use of cash. But as we said in the last couple of quarters, especially the last quarter, if we can't find a good acquisition that can give the return that we feel as justifiable, I'm sure the board will continue to look at what is the best thing to do for our shareholders, be that resume our share buyback program or more aggressively increase the dividend and that is a constant discussion item that will take place at the board level. Right now, though, you know, we are hopeful that we can find some very good acquisitions that we can deploy this cash with.
Bill Gale: No, we did not. I think Mike mentioned the CapEx but we don't – we did not predict what was going to happen with working capital. I will tell you that we did bring down our inventory levels quite a bit during the year. And as Mike said in his comments, we now think they are pretty much at the levels that they should be. So we're not going to get that benefit in fiscal ‘11 of another drawdown in inventories.
Bill Gale: Yes. Well, the acquisition in the U.K. is strictly storage. And we really like that company. It's great management team, gives us a nice presence throughout the United Kingdom and it's a very good business. So we found what we think is a gem and that has been our approach any time we look at storage. If we can find a good acquisition that isn’t ready to all of a sudden require millions of dollars of capital expenditures to expand their capacity, you know, we will entertain that. In the U.K., let me just say that – now, this will give us a platform on which to maybe perhaps launch other products and services as we go forward. In the U.S. and in Canada, we continue to look at potential storage acquisitions, but we also are saying to ourselves that, you know, the opportunities in shredding appear to be more actionable and viable for us right now. So while storage acquisitions might come along, we tend to find most storage, most companies that are selling their storage business really are maxed out in the facilities they have. And so it makes the return on capital not so attractive because we have to inject so much money right upfront to expand their facility. We have looked at starting up some storage operations in a couple of different cities and we've been successful in doing that when you can get a good base customer. So those are some of the – you know, we continue to look for the right things to do, but I would say most of our acquisitions in the U.S. will be more on the shredding side.
Bill Gale: Well, the largest segment, if you lump it all together in NAICS codes, is what we call automotive and automotive related and that encompasses anything from big three auto plans, dealerships, auto repair, oil change, tire change, et cetera. And we've seen pretty stable numbers there. We have not – we don't have a lot of growth there, but we have seen pretty good stability because even though people aren't buying a lot of cars or repairing a lot of the cars they have. So that business has done okay. The second largest segment is what we lump together as hospitality. Some of that is – it’s uniform rental but a lot of it is facility services type products. That services restaurants and hotels and other type of hospitality-type events. So that one has suffered a little bit in the recession, but as Mike indicated, we're seeing it in our direct sale business a pickup in volume there, as actually the employment is starting to pick up in those categories. So after that, manufacturing is kind of a hotchpotch of things, because it encompasses everything from pharmaceutical to food processing, every machinery, et cetera. And while we have seen a slowdown on the outward transfer of jobs outside of the United States, there's really no growth we're seeing in the manufacturing sector right now. It's just finally stabilizing somewhat.
Bill Gale: Well, I'm cautiously optimistic. I don't foresee a lot of new casinos and new hotels being opened, but I do foresee a slight uptick in employment levels, which will require uniforms. And the fact that so many of these institutions have really stopped buying things over the last couple years, they have got to start spending money to refurbish some of their programs. So, we, we feel like there will be an increase in sales in that category, but we're still probably a ways from returning to the heyday of that particular segment.
Bill Gale: Well, it depends where it comes from. If it comes from an existing customer and we already have the truck stopping there, it is very profitable business. We often also are able to use garments that are in our stockroom. So the amortization of those garments continue, whether they are in service or not until they are fully amortized. If it is from new business, new customers, in the short run, you don't get a lot of profit from that, but as that customer evolves and after the selling costs have been absorbed and the injection of the new garments, those customers become more profitable as we go forward. Right now, I would say our thoughts are that there's going to be, not a lot of growth within existing customers, but there will be some new customers, either that we're going to get from competitors or that we're going to convince that should entertain the uniform rental program. So there will be a little bit of margin pressure from the new customers, but in the long run, they are certainly with five-year contracts, very attractive business.
Bill Gale: No. No, it assumes, as Mike said, varies from either very modest increases in some of the costs like medical benefits and energy to essentially kind of flat and with higher revenue growth, a little bit more leverage so that's kind of the range that we gave you at the upper end is, okay, the top line's going to grow a little stronger and, again, as I said, the mix, even in that assumption is that most of it is going to come from new business as opposed to increases in existing customers.
Bill Gale: Well, I mean, we would have no problem operating the business with no cash in the balance sheet, because we have such good access to commercial paper that we can fund our operating needs quite well. We would be easily – easily able to absorb a billion dollar-plus acquisition if the right opportunity came along. With our $500 million plus cash hoard, as well as our line of credit with commercial paper of about $600 million, we could easily go out and sell more debt on the markets. So I don't think there would be any concern on that at all. We're just waiting now to see if the right opportunity comes along and if not, we'll figure out other ways to get that cash deployed for our shareholders.
Bill Gale: Well, the – I will say the job growth in the private sector and in the businesses to which uniform rental plays a big part certainly helped. We are still certainly not seeing a lot of jobs coming back. And so the environment is still pretty difficult. We expect that throughout fiscal '11, the job growth is going to continue to be pretty sluggish. And so we don't necessarily think that the environment is going to get much easier, but we do think that as we saw in the fourth quarter, we think it's going to be some very slow, sluggish growth and hopefully no contraction of jobs.
Bill Gale: We're seeing – First off, I don't think Mike or I really said the pricing improvement is improving. We're staying saying it's still pretty competitive and we see it both in terms of new customers, no programmers are getting into the service because they are working with multiple providers. And we're also seeing it on any renewal of existing contracts, either with our customers or with our competitors' customers. So to get – Cintas, along with the other uniform rental providers and facility services providers are still trying to keep the routes relatively full and their plants operating nearer to capacity than not, so you're continuing to see aggressive pricing.
Bill Gale: Our guidance. The guidance that we gave you, basically if you take the upper end of the guidance, what we're saying is we would see modest improvement in employment. If you take the lower end of the guidance, we're saying you're going to see no improvement in employment, it’s just basically speaking.
Bill Gale: The significant amount of business that we do in that segment is still in the U.S. and that will continue to grow very nicely. The overseas volume is still relatively small, but we see good growth opportunities and we see some nice acquisition opportunities in that business. So I think what, what you're going to see is the predominance of the growth will come domestically, but the foreign stuff certainly is going to be additive to it.
Bill Gale: All right. Well, we appreciate everyone joining us today. And we'll look forward to talking to you in the latter part of September, when we discuss our first quarter fiscal 2011 results.
Mike Hansen: Gary, yes there are. I would differ a little bit with you. I think there are some good acquisitions of scale in the other businesses, especially in Document Management and in the fire business. So I'm not sure that, you know, that we couldn't get quite a bit of volume, you know, relatively quickly by making a good acquisition there. We have – we continue to test a couple of different things. We also see a opportunity to expand quite a bit in the facility services business that I think will prove out to be a real nice growth vehicle for us. So, you know, the additional leg of the stool that may be less likely in the next year or two, but you could see quite a bit of an expansion or a broadening of some of the services in some of the businesses, especially facilities services.
Mike Hansen: There's a lot of other things going on there. You know, there's a little bit of that but it wasn't significant.
Mike Hansen: The increase will be both in the Document Management business. Because that is a growing business, we will, we will be of course buying trucks and other plant-based equipment as we continue to move some of that business off site into our facilities, shredding our facilities. We'll see some capital expenditures in that Document Management space and we'll also, as it relates to SAP, we are going to be embarking on transition of a couple of our operating systems onto the SAP platform and we do expect that that will increase over the fiscal '10 SAP spend as well.
Mike Hansen: I don't see any pressure real upward on prices and valuations. In fact, if anything, I think some sellers may consider some of the tax consequences, awaiting much longer to sell their business, that they are not going to get. The government's going to get a little bit more piece of any gain that they have. So I would hope that we might see some opportunities present themselves soon.
Mike Hansen: Vance, I would say that generally speaking, unless a customer just gets down to only maybe one or two people in uniform, they still remain profitable. It's only when they get down to such a low level that, we have in our contracts a minimum stop charge. And it sometimes becomes just not viable for the customer to continue to obtain the service. Even the small customer, though, with our pretty extensive route structure, it's still profitable to service them. So I don't think we really have that situation that you're envisioning.
Mike Hansen: I think the market is reacting again because the hospitality sector, which is primarily what our direct sale business serves, has shown some light recently. And I think that's what you're seeing.
Mike Hansen: It's been so long since so many of those customers have refreshed their program, as Bill said that some spending is bound to come sooner or later. And keep in mind, in that segment, we're still well below where we were couple years ago. So it's – We've still got a long way to go to see the spending return in that segment.
