Mike Hansen: Good evening and thank you for joining us. With me is Paul Adler, Cintas Vice President and Treasurer. We will discuss our fourth quarter results for fiscal 2016. After our commentary, we will be happy to answer any questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. We are pleased to report fourth quarter revenue of $1.271 billion, an increase of 11.3% from the prior year fourth quarter. Organic revenue growth, which adjusts for the impact of acquisitions, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and workday differences, was 6.7%. Fourth quarter operating income was $203 million, an increase of 14.2% over last year's fourth quarter. Operating margin improved to 16% of revenue, compared to an operating margin of 15.6% in the prior fiscal year. The Uniform Rental and Facilities Services segment led the way with an operating margin of 17.7%. Net income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $118 million compared to $101 million in the prior year, an increase of 17.3%. Net income from continuing operations as a percent of revenue improved to 9.3% from 8.8% of revenue in last fiscal year's fourth quarter. Earnings per diluted share or EPS, from continuing operations for the fourth quarter were $1.08 compared to $0.86 for the fourth quarter of last year. Fourth quarter EPS from continuing operations increased 25.6% compared to the prior year period. As our CEO Scott Farmer stated in today's earnings release, these achievements are the results of our employees, whom we call partners in being ready for our customers. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our partners for continuing to generate industry leading results. Our fourth quarter results were a strong finish to an excellent fiscal year, one in which we achieved record revenue and record EPS. We have a diverse customer base with about 70% of our revenue coming from customers and services providing areas of the economy. This has been made possible by our wide range of products and services. As a result of these and other assets, we have grown significantly in excess of US GDP and jobs each year since the Great Recession, and we are the clear leader in our industry, and in more ways than one, including size, growth rates, profit margins, quality, service and innovation. In addition to the success on the top line, we have delivered it on the bottom line. As Scott Farmer stated in today's press release, Cintas has increased EPS by double-digits in six consecutive years. Our research indicates that this feat has been accomplished by less than 5% of S&P 500 companies. Our cash flow and scale allow us to invest in numerous ways. In fiscal 2016, those investments included CapEx to both maintain and grow the business, and strategic investments, like our SAP project, and new Ready for the Workday branding campaign. We made acquisitions in our Rental, First Aid and Fire businesses and we have the capacity to do more. This past year, we paid our regular dividend and it was an increase of 23.5% over the prior-year's dividend. Since we went public in 1983, we've increased the annual dividend every year. Finally, in fiscal 2016, we repurchased shares under our buyback program at an aggregate cost of $759 million, including $276 million in our fourth quarter. Looking ahead to fiscal 2017, we expect revenue to be in the range of $5.150 billion to $5.225 billion, and EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $4.35 to $4.45. This guidance does not include any potential deterioration in the US economy or future share buybacks. It does include our expectations for our continued SAP system implementation, and the impact of one less workday in fiscal 2017, compared to 2016. We estimate that this one less workday will negatively impact fiscal 2017 total revenue growth by about 40 to 50 basis points and operating income margin by approximately 10 to 15 basis points in comparison to fiscal 2016. I'll now turn the call over to Paul for additional information.
Mike Hansen: Greg, we don't typically give organic growth because lots of things can happen throughout the year. But I - you can probably see from our guidance where the revenue range is 5% to 6.5%. That's pretty much in line with what we gave in terms of initial guidance last year. Keep in mind that, as I mentioned, we'll get a negative impact of 40 to 50 basis points because of the one less workday. And so I would say that we're not expecting too many changes this year, but we don't give specific organic growth numbers.
Mike Hansen: I would say in the last five years, probably not too substantial. But over the last, let's call it 15 years, probably much more - and probably even more inverse of that. You know, as jobs over the last couple decades have been off-shored, we have certainly been forced to look for other ways of creating revenue in terms of the uniforms, and that, we've been very successful in the service providing areas. And so, I would say it's different from certainly 15 years ago. It's probably not too different from five years ago. But I would say that it continues - we continue to perform well in those areas. A couple of the different pieces that we would see as better today than maybe five years ago even, and certainly 15, would be healthcare, which, 15 years ago, we probably had a very, very small presence and food service. And in both of those, we've been able to come up with creative solutions, innovative solutions, to get more of an impact in those verticals, and that certainly has helped us.
Mike Hansen: No, that's all of our businesses. And when you think about the Rental segment by itself, there's not a lot of difference in terms of the vertical splits between Uniform Rental and Facility Services. We are providing many of those products to the same customers, and so not a lot of difference there.
Mike Hansen: Well, the branding campaign has continued, and we certainly - our Cintas partners, our employees are very energized and excited about it. And so it's had a positive impact on us certainly from an energy and excited standpoint. But we're too early to begin to measure the impact of it. I think I mentioned last quarter that it would probably be more like the second half of fiscal '17 before we would start to really be able to measure any kind of impact. Keeping in mind, it is a brand awareness campaign. So it is trying to make sure that our customers and our prospects understand and know all of the different things that we can provide to them, all of the different products and services. And we are not specifically targeting any one of them right now. So, again, we're excited about it. It's going well. It's been - the feedback that we get anecdotally has been very good. But I don't expect to be able to give any measurements on it until the back half of fiscal '17.
Mike Hansen: Well, I think the - from a customer perspective, I think it begins with innovative products. We can't get service industries to just simply change with what we might call legacy uniform rental workwear. We have to be innovative, and we have to create uniform solutions that our customers want to wear. And we think we've been pretty successful in doing that. Paul gave a couple of examples in his narrative a few minutes ago. And so it really starts with innovative products and solutions. And we feel like that's - we've been pretty good at that. That's going to be important to continue to do that as we move forward. As far as how much opportunity is still out there, we feel like there is quite a bit of opportunity. We continue to introduce new products like our Carhartt, like our scrub rental, like our Chef Works products for rental. And it takes a while to get those fully penetrated and fully rolled out. And so there's a lot of runway in just our existing products, and that doesn't include any products that we will continue to invest in and look for.
Mike Hansen: Well, I would say that the more prospecting we do, and the more that we talk about our solutions, yes, the better that can become. And that - from a word of mouth standpoint, that gets around to different decision makers.
Mike Hansen: Sure. I would say, Nate, that it's not that we've uncovered a lot of different things; it's just that - I'll go through a couple things. We won't have the incremental IT investments that we would typically have, and that's helpful. We expect certainly improved performance out of our First Aid and Safety business, as we lap the acquisition of ZEE. Again, we expect to see improved performance certainly, and we expect to see improved performance out of our Fire business. Those certainly will help. And you are seeing that as part of the guidance. We will certainly get some natural leverage from the growth in our Rental segment and that will help. And then we're also continuing to control our costs and manage our cost structure, and we've been pretty successful at that and we'll continue to be successful at that. So there are a number of different things that go into this and help offset some of the headwinds that we've talked about. But I think - there's nothing - there's no magic silver bullet that we've got that we've all of a sudden uncovered. It's continuing to do what we do.
Mike Hansen: Well, aside from investments that we choose to make, our expectation is that we're going to grow our G&A about half as much as revenue each year, and we've been pretty good at that. Again, aside from certain investments that we want to make. And so a lot of it comes from managing that G&A structure. A lot of it comes from an active Six Sigma program where we are constantly looking for small incremental wins to medium size wins. And those Six Sigma process improvements come in our production, in our plants, they come on our routes, they come in all different places. We have a lot of people who are involved in that Six Sigma program looking for small to medium size wins. And that will certainly help as we become more and more efficient in all of our processes.
Mike Hansen: Well, I - Sara, I would say that those priorities will be the same as they have been for fiscal '16. I talked a little bit about that in our prepared remarks. We're going to continue to invest in the business. We're going to continue to do that through a little bit of the P&L, but also through CapEx. We are certainly going to be looking for acquisition opportunities that create long-term value for us similar to the way we did that in fiscal '16. Our third priority is we will take a look at the dividend, and if history repeats, we will likely increase the dividend this year, because that has been very important to us. And then lastly, if there are - if there is cash remaining, we certainly will put it to work in share buybacks. But we will look at it in that priority order and making sure that we are always looking to strengthen Cintas for the long-term.
Mike Hansen: Well, cotton, we would have to see a sustained increase in cotton, and for a while. So let's talk about specifically for our Rental business, you know, when we think about most of our uniforms, they are a polycotton blend or lower percentage of cotton. So that is - that's point number one. Secondly, labor is the biggest component of cost out of our garments, and so the materials are not the majority of the cost involved. Thirdly, there's a supply chain. And so we would have to order the fabric. It would be sown into garments, that - and then shipped to our distribution center. That probably takes somewhere of 8 to 10 weeks. Then there is a turn through the distribution center, and then it gets shipped out our rental locations where it gets generally amortized over some period of time, mostly 18 months. So there is a quite a bit of time before we would see a sustained cotton impact. And even if we did see a sustained cotton impact, because of the percentage of the cost itself, I don't see that - I just don't expect that that would be that noticeable, and it would have to be a real spike for some sustained period of time.
Mike Hansen: It - we expect that our spend will be about the same in fiscal '17 as fiscal '16, which for the year, is about 25 basis points. I would expect that the largest or the impacts would be the greatest in our second and third quarters.
Mike Hansen: And Andy, I would add to that, from a Fire Protection Services perspective, we continue to grow that business. And we grow it - we've grown it quite nicely in the last year, Paul talked about it growing nicely in the fourth quarter. And we expect continued operating margin improvement in that business as well, as we gain density in a lot of our different markets. And as that business continues to do the same thing that our other businesses do, and that is fine product adjacencies, continue to penetrate existing customers, while adding new storefronts. Our National Account Fire business has been very good over the last year as well. And so there, we expect certainly improvements in the First Aid business, as Paul talked about, but we also expect them in our Fire Protection business, and that certainly will help us in fiscal '17.
Mike Hansen: Well, we will be adding capacity like we've talked about. I believe we'll have a couple different facilities open here early in this fiscal year. Those were not full newbuilds, but they were capacity increases. And that will give us some help in the first quarter. And then we expect to continue to increase capacity because of our growth, probably closer to the end of the fiscal year or into early fiscal '18. So there's a little bit more capacity spend than we've seen over the last - certainly over the last three to five years, and even a little bit more than we have seen in fiscal '16.
Mike Hansen: That is a - that's a great success for us in terms of gaining the award for that business. That's - of the impactful piece of that is relatively new. It's early, so I'm not ready to provide any timetable and estimates. But we'll certainly talk more about that as we go through the performance of that business. But we're early on. Again, we've got to source the product, and that takes some time. And so those big projects don't happen overnight. And in fact, I think we started working on the United program something like 12 to 15 months in advance of starting to ship. So it is a nice program for us, but it's going to take a little time.
Mike Hansen: Well, I would say that the fiscal '16, as we've talked a lot about, had an impact on - from our oil, gas and mining customers throughout the year. And that has had a bit of a negative impact on the growth of the Uniform side relative to the whole segment. So it is a little bit - the Uniform Rental side is a little bit lower in terms of the growth than the average. And we've been able to pick that up through the Facility Services, both in new business and in the penetration, and as Paul said, the retention. I would say that from the standpoint of do any one of those three stick out dramatically, I would say no. But I would say that the penetration, we have lots of opportunity left. There is a lot of runway to continue to add value to our existing customers. And we've been very successful at that in fiscal '16, particularly with some of our hygiene products and services like our Signature series, kind of a more front-of-the-house hygiene business. And I think what I am describing kind of shows itself in the numbers that Paul gave, and that is that the Uniform Rental business was 51% of that revenue last year, it's now 50%. The hygiene was 13% last year; it's now 14%. That's what you are seeing. You are seeing some lost oil, gas and mining customers, but it's being offset by some nice penetration and improvements in retention.
Mike Hansen: Well, we just recently started our pilot, and early indications are that we're off to a very good start. However, we're early. I think I talked about this last quarter. Our pilot is effectively starting with one location and really learning a lot. And assuming that goes well, we will move to several others. So that by mid-fiscal year, our expectation would be that we're kind of ready to start rolling out full speed. So right now, we're in that early pilot stage with one location. And, like I said, early indications are it's going pretty well. But again, we're early. And I think we'll have more to say about that more than likely at the end of our first and second quarters.
Mike Hansen: Well, I would tell you that this SAP is a big project, and we've got a lot of resources and attention put to that. But you know, opportunities don't come along every day. And if we had an opportunity, small or large, to add value for the long-term benefits at Cintas, we certainly would take a look at it. And again, at the right value, we would certainly love to do M&A that provides long-term value. That is the same message that we've had for quite a while and that doesn't change during the SAP rollout. It certainly may affect the way we would integrate it. But if we have opportunities that create great value for Cintas, we'll still take a good look at them.
Mike Hansen: Well, we - from an oil, gas and mining standpoint, we have seen continued deterioration. But I would say today, that rate of deterioration is slowing, certainly relative to 90 days ago. But as Paul mentioned, we still expect to see a negative 60 basis points to the top line. So that tells you that we don't - we won't feel healed in that area in fiscal '17. From the rest of the - let's call it economic picture, I would say that it's still a challenging environment. There's not a lot of momentum to it. But I would call it stable. We haven't seen a lot of change today compared to a quarter ago. And so, I would say we're continuing to operate like we have been. I would say as we look into fiscal 2017, if I were to make a comment about the economy that maybe did feel a little bit different, I would say today compared to, let's call it six months ago, it does feel like there is a bit more uncertainty. When you think about the - we do - we have seen some ups and downs in employment; no doubt about that. We've seen the European issues; we've seen changes from the Department of Labor in terms of minimum wage and overtime that can have a pausing effect on our customers  We've got the election coming up. It does feel like there is a little bit more uncertainty than there was six months ago. And that's likely bleeding into the bottom end of our guidance range.
Mike Hansen: Sure. I would say a couple things, Scott. Paul talked about a tax rate of 36.7%. That's a little bit higher than last year, but lower than our - maybe our longer-term. I would expect that we are going to see a slightly lower tax rate in the first quarter, followed by something closer to what we've typically guided toward in that 37% range in the last three quarters. So that's maybe one point. From a Ready for the Workday campaign standpoint, I would say that it is going to - the bulk of it is going to be in the second and third quarters. From an SAP standpoint, we talked earlier about that will be back-end loaded. So we will have some costs in the first half of the year, but we turn on the depreciation and we turn on the licensing expenses in the second half of the year. So we will see a little bit more pressure in that back half from that standpoint. As far as calling things out, I think maybe the other thing that I might call out is the first quarter, as Paul mentioned, would have a little bit heavier, from a First Aid standpoint, ZEE implementation and integration costs. But from a quarter-to-quarter basis, I don't know that I would have much more to share than that.
Mike Hansen: Well, we - I would say that, as far as M&A goes, it really is opportunistic. So when the opportunities become available, we need to be ready to take advantage of those, and we were opportunistic in fiscal '16, certainly. We would look for acquisitions in our Rental business, in our First Aid and Safety business, in our Fire businesses primarily. We love tuck-in acquisitions. They are very accretive. And we'll continue to look aggressively for those kind of opportunities, provided they are at the right value. We might look for bigger opportunities in any of those businesses, again, as long as they provide long-term value for us, and at the right valuation.
Mike Hansen: Well, I would say that the performance of the business there hasn't necessarily been affected by the currency exchange rate. Our business continues to perform well. But we have seen less volatility in that Canadian exchange rate. I think the negative impact to the top line was 30 basis points. So we're still seeing a little bit of negative. But generally speaking, the business continues to perform well.
Mike Hansen: Well, our total incremental margins for fiscal '16 for the company was - were about 20%. Rental, it was certainly higher. Rental was more like 28%. We have talked about, historically, that that incremental margin, we want that incremental margin to be in the 20% to 30% range. If we're higher than that for sustained periods of time, we worry that we're not investing enough. And I would tell you that, as we look into '17, excluding the SAP impact, we're about in that same range; maybe a little bit on the lower side because of the negative oil and gas impact, because of the negative workday impact. But generally speaking, we think there are good incremental margins. And at the top end of the guidance, even with the SAP impact, even with the oil and gas, even with the extra workday, there is a slight operating margin improvement.
Mike Hansen: Well, I would like to think that the guidance that we have provided is an indication that that's exactly what we have done. And that is not sit around idly waiting for $30 million to $35 million to hit. But instead, we are continuing to run the business, execute very, very well, improve where we can, and come up with very good results. And we feel good about the business. I think that guidance would tell you that we feel good going into fiscal '17, and our partners still are executing at very, very high levels.
Mike Hansen: Well, thank you for joining us tonight. We will issue our first quarter earnings in the end of September, and we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Thank you.
Paul Adler: Yes, Greg, it's Paul. Add stops were - they were negative this quarter, but they typically are. There are some seasonal impacts that impact us in the fourth quarter. For example, we have jackets coming off from the winter and being returned to the stock rooms. We have mats that are extra mats that some of the customers were snow and slush, and those are returned as well. So typically, add stops are negative in the fourth quarter, and they are for us this fourth quarter. And then to your point, they are a little more so than typical, because we still are feeling the effects of headcount reductions in our energy customers. In terms of next fiscal year, we can tell you that we still expect to have some headwinds from oil, gas and coal customers. We would expect the headwind to revenue in fiscal '17 to be about 60 basis points, and that's built into our guidance. So that's the top-line impact. On the bottom line, we would expect that to be a headwind then of about 30 basis points of operating margin. The other impact that we believe we will have is just in the fuel costs. Whereas we had a benefit in fiscal '16, we're modeling that the fuel will be a headwind to our cost structure to maybe about 30 basis points.
Paul Adler: On fiscal '16, on a net benefit - or a net basis rather, in fiscal '16, considering the benefit of fuel and the cost structure and then the negative impact of the headcount reductions, reducing revenue and operating margin, we had like a 10 basis point improvement for fiscal '16. Whereas in fiscal '17, we are expecting it to be more of a 60 basis points headwind. So quite a significant change.
Paul Adler: Sara, its Paul. Yes, on the pricing front, we haven't really seen anything in terms of a marketable change. So it's been pretty status quo. It's still competitive in terms of national account programs, but that hasn't changed, and really no difference. So nothing, no worthy or anything significant to pass on to you there.
Paul Adler: Yes. I can provide you with the organic growth of All Other, it was 8.5% in the quarter. And that All Other, just as a reminder, includes our Fire business and our Direct Sale business. And that Direct Sale business is typically more of a slower grower in our portfolio, but it had a good quarter. It was a little stronger growth rate. And again, that's direct sale business, can be a little more volatile, so we had some good rollouts of programs in the fourth quarter that helped push growth along and get that organic growth rate up pretty nicely. The Fire business continues to grow nicely as well. We expect about double-digit growth in our Fire business. And so as a result of growing the top line in both of those businesses, we also saw 100 basis points of operating margin expansion in that segment as well.
Paul Adler: Andy, its Paul. Yes, as far as ZEE is concerned, I just want to reiterate that we are pleased with that acquisition; everything is on track. We had mentioned previously that we need a full year to get through the integration. And so through May, we're about 75% of the way through. It's not turnkey, it's not standalone, as you know; it's largely a tuck-in. And so when you have a tuck-in, you have a little short-term efforts in order to get those synergies in the long-term. And that's definitely what we are seeing in the First Aid segment is that impact, the integration costs, re-routing, goodwill and customers to make sure nothing falls through in the transition. You can't run as fast as you would like to right out of the gate. But things are on track. We do expect those margins to bounce back. We don't have a timeframe as far as here's the timetable and the quarters and the milestones. But absolutely, we have another quarter of integration in fiscal '17, and we expect to see those margins bounce back. And baked into our guidance for fiscal '17 is improvements in those First Aid and Safety margins, and some stronger growth rates than you saw in the fourth quarter as well.
Paul Adler: Yes, I can't recall, Scott, if we mentioned the third quarter is the quarter with the one less workday.
Paul Adler: Andrew, its Paul. The guidance does not assume any further share buyback. Maybe just to sync up, I don't know if you noticed, but with the earnings release, we have income statement that we enclosed, and there's a supplemental schedule in there that has the computation of diluted EPS. And if you look at that for the 12 months ended May 31st of 2016, you'll see our computation there for the current year where we start off with income from continuing ops; we reduce it. And it's about 1.6% reduction to allocate income to its participating securities. And then we divided that number by 110 million diluted shares outstanding. And so in fiscal '17 for our modeling, we are going to use about that same $110 million or not million dollars, 110 million shares, rather for computation of fiscal '17 EPS.
Paul Adler: So model your '17 number, reduce it for the income to the participating securities, and look at 110 million shares.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. From the press release, we know that - and typically, you guys anticipate a fairly flat economy in the forward guidance. Could you speak to how you think about employment, maybe with regard to oil and gas and mining, and then x-ing that out, how you think about it? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger: All right, thanks. That's helpful. And then you talked kind of piecemeal as we've gone through Q&A with regard to, say, branding and what quarters that may hit more. Could you speak to - I don't know if you mentioned the quarter with the extra or the one less day, but on a quarterly basis, top to bottom, when might we expect some of the ebbs and flows? I guess I'm thinking more on expense and how it will impact the margin. But just how we move through the year, is there anything worth pointing out that will be a big factor, just on the sequential basis as we move through the year? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. I think you did last time; I just didn't have it in front. So thanks for repeating it, guys. And that color was very helpful. Appreciate it.
