Bill Gale: Well, Hamzah I would say, first off the transaction has not closed. So it’s premature to discuss what we are going to do with the proceeds. Secondly, the board will certainly evaluate the utilization of the proceeds in the best way possible, but it’s really no different than what our current position has always been and that we will utilize our cash to grow our businesses by investing in those businesses with capital expenditures as appropriate. We will certainly look for good acquisitions. We are open to acquisitions in any of our businesses if they make economic sense and we have demonstrated that we certainly will be willing to repurchase stock if warranted. I will remind everyone that we purchased over 3 million shares of stock at the beginning of this fiscal year. With regard to your comment on the storage and imaging business, we have not made any decision yet on whether we are going to sell that business or not. We said that, that business will continue to be operated as Cintas’ businesses. We will look at opportunities for value creation, but nothing has been decided at this point.
Bill Gale: Well, I would say we have – I think we have done an outstanding job with our margins in a difficult economic environment over the course of the last couple of years. Again, we are creating much of our growth through new business, which is more costly, but I think with the utilization of our assets, our facilities, our routes have really paid dividends and you have seen the improved margins in the businesses quarter-over-quarter especially within the rental segment and the first aid and safety and fire segments. So where can margins go? Certainly we think that they can continue to improve. We would love to have some opportunity to get some of that from pricing, but pricing remains very competitive as it has been for several years. And so what we’re doing is just making sure we’re running our operations as efficiently as possible utilizing our assets appropriately and we’ve seen some benefits from that.
Bill Gale: Add-stops we’re still positive in the quarter, Sara but they were less so than they were in the first and second quarter of this fiscal year or even in comparison to the third quarter last year. However, I will remind everyone that those of you who monitor the jobs reports will also note that jobs added in this most recent quarter were less than they were in the first half of our fiscal year as well as in the third quarter of last year. So we would have anticipated more add-stops if the employment level had increased and yet that did not happen.
Bill Gale: What we’re seeing is of course what we’re seeing is stable workforces among our customers and we’ve been seeing that for sometime, we’ve talked about it. Growth is coming from pretty much our traditional type of rental customers. I would say there is no one segment that really stands out. You mentioned manufacturing, well manufacturing is a segment, a part of the growth, but it’s really the service business that we continue to see which has the bulk of our wares and we continue to see opportunities for new customers in that particular vertical. So I don’t think anything really sticks out at this time, it’s generally just we’re selling more business to customers either no programmers or currently with other competitors that we really follow our traditional type of uniform ware.
Bill Gale: Well I think yes keep in mind we bought 3 million share over 3 million shares in the first part of the year but we also were in the midst of this transaction which precluded our ability to be as active in the market as we might have been able to have the transaction not been occurring.
Bill Gale: Shlomo it really comes down to what’s being contributed by both sides to this venture. So the fact of the matter is that Shred-it is contributing more revenue and more EBITDA than we’re at this point given the relative size of the destruction businesses. We think by retaining our ownership in this thing we see a very good opportunity for value creation by the combination of these two very strong organizations. And we think it is a very appropriate time to do this and we’re very pleased with the establishment of the relationship with Shred-it and the fact that we’re not a majority owner, it does not bother us given our confidence in the combined management teams and businesses of the two companies.
Bill Gale: That’s primarily driven by the fact that we’re not contributing any debt to the operation, whereas the partnership is going to actually leverage themselves up with debt and in order to maintain the appropriate equity split we received cash at closing as a result of that transaction.
Bill Gale: Well I think the Uniform Rental business was able to overcome some of the weather issues because many of our locations we have four day – four days route weeks. So in other words our operations have an extra day if needed to makeup when they have these types of conditions they have to operate in, whereas if you look at our other businesses we don’t have that extra, that flexibility and being able to overcome the loss of revenue on days when operations were required to be shutdown or customers were shutdown. So I think that was one of the main reasons. As far as quantifying it it’s difficult because we looked at it in a number of different ways and I think Mike mentioned it in his comments in the First Aid Safety segment we calculate that we probably have an impact to our growth rate of about 1.5%. I would say we probably saw a similar if not little greater impact in the Document Management business and the Uniform Direct Sale business is very hard to predict. We know we had lower revenue from our catalog business which is sold by our route drivers due to the fact that they’re focusing making sure that could deliver and pickup the rental products and services and probably did not have as much time to spend with their customers and trying to sell products out of the catalog. The Uniform Direct Sale business much of our – that businesses in the hospitality sector and obviously they experienced some issues associated with the weather, that mean they slowed down some of their buying, I can’t say that for sure, I suspect that might be part of the case. But certainly weather did have an impact but with all that said I really think our people did a great job I mean we – I thought the results were very well, very good for given those conditions and so I feel very good about it.
Bill Gale: Yes, that’s correct, Shlomo. So just to reiterate what Mike said basically after the transaction is completed there will be the recognition on a quarterly basis of our 42% share of the net income or loss of that JV, of that partnership. Now that partnership’s net income is going to be impacted in the first 12 to 18 months by some one-time cost as they’re attempting to gain the synergies that are going to be very good for this venture. And then we’ll see the benefit of those synergies as – coming forward as we move through the relationship. Obviously the leverage that will exist on that partnership will also be reflected in their net income, the interest expense. So we’ll be picking that part up in that recognition of the investment in the partnership. But it will be separately reported within the income statement and as you – you know and just for everybody else’s benefits, we will not be consolidating any of their revenue, it will be strictly an investment line.
Bill Gale: There will be an EPS impact from this investment. It will fall into our net income and therefore be part of our EPS.
Bill Gale: Well, we are going to give you to the extent we can Shlomo. You got to understand there is a business plan that’s being, going to be developed. We may not have all of the ability to really predict exactly what’s going to happen in the first year or so, but we will give you guidance to the best of our ability in July when we provide our first look at fiscal ‘15.
Bill Gale: The new partnership will fund its own capital requirements. So, we will not be injecting any capital to that partnership or we don’t anticipate injecting any capital in that partnership to continue to fund their growth. We still are running and operating storage and imaging businesses although that as Mike said, that’s only 20% of that segment. And I have some capital needs although they tend to be more stair step type needs as you fill up a facility then you have to purchase another facility and build the racking appropriately for that. So I would say that the capital expenditures will be lessened by the result of us not funding the document shredding business. On the other hand, as Mike said, we are going to have some capital expenditures needed over the course of next few years for production capacity in our rental business. We also are continuing on our implementation of an ERP system and that will consume some capital needs over the next year and the year after as we start moving into some of our other bigger businesses to put into SAP.
Bill Gale: That is yet to be determined, Justin. There is a lot of very complex accounting rules and disclosure rules and we don’t have enough details yet to know exactly what we are going to be required to disclose or not.
Bill Gale: Well, Nate, I’d say it’s never rationale enough for us. We’d always like more. But with that said, I don’t think it’s improved a lot, but it certainly has been deteriorated. Our ability to win new business was still pretty good and retaining business, our loss business is very, very good and has been so for the last year or so, but it’s still tough. And I would say we are not able to get the kind of prices we like to have, because we have got some very good competitors out there who continue to price aggressively and we have to be able to meet them in the marketplace.
Bill Gale: When you say more, I think it’s not as bad as it was back in ‘09 and ‘10, but I’d say it’s been pretty steady. We are seeing at both places when a competitor knows that our contract with the customer is up, they are in there wanting that business just like we are in their customers when their contracts are up. And new business, it all depends on how competitive the buyer wants to be if they – that they want to get multiple bids, then it becomes more aggressive, but on the other hand, they are satisfied that our product offerings are better than what they can get elsewhere and they like the value of the business, which is one of the great things that we think we offer. Then often we can get closer to a book price on those new customers.
Bill Gale: I think it’s still sluggish. I think the weather created a little bit more sluggishness than otherwise would have happened, but there is not a lot of momentum out there from what we can gather.
Bill Gale: Well, it’s very difficult to utilization, George. It’s just, I mean, this is the local business and you got to look at every operation separately and every market separately, but we think the rental segment is 71% of our overall revenues they also are the ones that are going to require the largest amount of capital infusion in order to continue to grow on such a base. I think we have done a really nice job of continuing to utilize the existing capacity, but we are going to come to a point in certain markets and we have already started the process of looking for appropriate land to build the new capacity and that will be coming online over the course of the next couple of years. We always will have truck needs in both the rental business and in the first aid and safety and fire businesses. So that will be required. And then as I mentioned, I don’t want to overlook whether reiterate this, is the SAP ERP implementation looks like it will go forward and therefore it will consume some big capital in order to get that done, but we think the benefits of that are certainly justifying the expenditure in that – for that system.
Bill Gale: Well given the range of guidance it really could be anything from flattish to what we saw in the first half of this year. So it’s not going – we don’t see a significant change in the add-stops ratio over the course of the next three months. But I think the guidance allows for a variable from flat to a little bit more robust than we saw this quarter.
Bill Gale: Scott, we’re going to pursue acquisitions in all of our businesses as appropriate. Now we’ve been making acquisitions in the fire business, we made a lot of acquisitions to establish our footprint in first aid. We’ve had some fairly significant uniform acquisitions although nothing significant since 2006, but we’re certainly open to that. Again you have to have a willing seller and you have to have appropriate valuation to make sense. And we will continue to look at those opportunities as they present themselves.
Bill Gale: The big customer was the United Airlines Continental merger and that was the one that we were asked to provide all the uniforms for the new combined airline. And I would say it went extremely well, they were very – they’re very pleased with it. And I think it turned out to be successful for both sides.
Bill Gale: No, I don’t think Shred-it was necessarily for sale and they were bigger than we were. And I think that the combination of the two made more sense to our Board and to the management team than any other opportunity that was available.
Bill Gale: Sean I really don’t have the knowledge to really comment on that. Again we’ve got thousands and thousands of customers and locations. I’m sure there were some examples that exist of what you said. But for me to really say that that’s what we’re seeing, I really don’t know.
Bill Gale: All that should – there certainly are those things that could happen. As we said its very complex, accounting and tax transaction, all that will be a part of what a gain or loss gets recognized as we move forward on the deal. So I don’t – I’m not in a position at this time to be able to tell you what that is because there was a lot of work yet to be done on valuations and really looking at the details of the deal. And we will certainly provide color on that as we report our fourth quarter results in July. We do not anticipate providing any further guidance on that at this time. We will discuss it so with the fourth quarter.
Bill Gale: Well, the original strategy years and years ago, Manav, was that we first got into document destruction, the document shredding. And then we wanted to – we had some opportunities to pickup some storage business and we thought that, that might be required in order to appropriately grow the shredding business. We have been happy with some of the storage businesses that we have purchased. And as we have studied this industry, you really don’t have to have both of them in all the markets in order to grow either one of them. So it became apparent to us and we started saying this a few years ago that we were going to focus more on the destruction side and we were just opportunistically going to look for places in which to grow the storage business, but not in a big way. Shred-it, on the other hand, has a very, very small storage business in Canada. They have focused primarily almost exclusively on the destruction side. And really it doesn’t make sense to throw our storage and imaging business into this deal, because the whole concept here is to focus on document destruction. And so that’s how this whole thing is transpired.
Bill Gale: Yes. And we are still active, there are a lot of players in the fire business that we are in discussions with, but again it comes down to an expectation on the part of the seller versus what we are willing to pay in order to get the appropriate valuation for our shareholders. So there have been some small acquisitions and will continue to be. They will pick up when the meeting of the minds get closer together.
Bill Gale: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us tonight. I also wanted to thank you for moving it back like we moved back a day and being able to participate tonight. We are sorry for that bit of confusion, but a lot of that revolved around the timing of this acquisition, I mean this transaction I am sorry and so we appreciate that. We are very excited about forming this partnership with Shred-it. We think it’s great for the shareholders, for our customers and for our partners and we will look forward to talking to you more about it in our fourth quarter earnings release, which should occur sometime in mid-July. Good night.
Mike Hansen: Keeping in mind Hamzah at the beginning of the year we signaled that there maybe a need for some additional processing capacity and that we’re still evaluating that but that may occur more than likely not this fiscal year but maybe in for the next fiscal year. And so they’re probably will come a time in the near future when some additional capacity is needed.
Mike Hansen: Right. You keep in mind the $180 million is coming to us and secondly we owning 42% of the new partnership, we will not have control of that partnership. It will be a minority interest.
Mike Hansen: Last year in the second quarter was primarily a route-based infusion if you will and we are going to – we have continued and will continue to add routes periodically as we need them and don’t expect another infusion if you will at any one point in time that is a significant amount from a routing standpoint, but as Bill mentioned there maybe some processing capacity CapEx.
Mike Hansen: Sales growth continues to be driven by new business; our new business results are still good. We’ve been very pleased with the productivity levels. We’d like to see certainly more customer hiring but we just haven’t seen the momentum in the economy to be able to provide for that. So it’s continued to be driven by new business results.
Mike Hansen: I think from a top-line standpoint you can simply take last year’s fourth quarter revenue divided by 66 days and multiply that by 65 days to get your base. From an operating income standpoint Bill and I’ve generally talked about a 50 basis point impact.
Mike Hansen: They will be the same. There will be 65 work days in each quarter in fiscal 2015 for a total of 260, the same as to fiscal 2014.
Mike Hansen: Yes, Dan, one of the reasons we talked about really liking these small document shredding acquisitions over time. And this is very much like a large one where we have a lot of opportunities to put more volume into our plant-based shredding facilities to get efficiencies, to drive on to one IT platform. And we’ve got a lot of opportunities here that it takes a long time to accumulate many small acquisitions in order to get the synergies created by this deal. So that’s why we’re so excited about this deal.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good evening guys. With the guidance for fourth quarter and the full year, I’m just curious and we have a little incident that happened in the third quarter with an extra day, but with one less workday in the fourth quarter. Could you give us and help with our models with regard to perhaps top-line and operating income impact there? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Great, thanks. And then going back to the earlier questions guys obviously a lot of cash coming in, maybe a little you mentioned ERP might take up more CapEx, but probably less from the relationship now with Document Management. So we’ve got into now probably a lot of opportunity for buybacks. But I was just curious I think a lot of the acquisition activity historically has been in Document Management which did certainly leave the door open there. I was hoping to delve in a little deeper as to what type of opportunities you may explore may pursue on the acquisition front? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Great. And one final one if I could, obviously in direct sales a year ago, a big national customer would – want a progress report on how that’s going and how the big customer addition outlook is within that segment? Thank you.
