William C. Gale: Good evening, and thank you for joining us as we report our second quarter results for fiscal 2013. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas's Vice President and Treasurer. After some commentary on the results, we will be happy to answer questions. The Private Securities Litigations Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. We are pleased to report second quarter revenue of $1,060,000,000, which represents growth of 4% from last year's second quarter. Second quarter net income increased by 4.9% to $78 million, and earnings per diluted share were $0.63, a 10.5% increase over last year. Our operating income for the second quarter was $139 million or 13.1% of total second quarter revenue. The effects of Hurricane Sandy did have some adverse effect on our second quarter results, but the effect was not material. Our second quarter operating income included an $8.5 million gain on the sale of stock of an investment and a $1.6 million write-off of a garment processing system used in one of our rental locations. The operating income was also negatively impacted by recycled paper prices. The average price for the second quarter was slightly over $150 per ton, representing a 32% decrease from last year's second quarter average price of just over $220 per ton. This year-over-year drop in paper prices resulted in a negative impact in the second quarter of $5.5 million. Keep in mind that this negative impact affects both revenue and operating income. We expected the second quarter recycled paper price to be $170 per ton, so the actual average second quarter price created a $1.5 million negative variance for the quarter versus our expectations. Mike will give more details on the operating results by segment in a couple minutes. Throughout our second quarter, our customers have continued to tell us the -- that the economic uncertainty in the U.S. caused them to be very cautious in spending, hiring and investment decision making. Unknowns concerning U.S. tax policies and the impact of changing health care regulations have created a pause in many of their business activities. In addition to this feedback from our customers, we continue to see GDP forecasts below 2% for calendar 2013. With these in mind, we are updating our fiscal 2013 revenue expectations to be in the range of $4.275 billion to $4.325 billion. We are not changing our earnings per diluted share guidance, which is an expectation of fiscal 2013 earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.58. The guidance assumes the current U.S. economic environment continues and does not worsen going forward. We are bringing down our recycled paper price expectations for the remainder of the year to be approximately $160 per ton in the third quarter and $170 dollars per ton in the fourth quarter. And finally, this guidance incorporates the 1.9 million share buyback from our second quarter but does not contemplate any additional buybacks. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike Hansen for more details on the second quarter.
William C. Gale: Okay. Yes, we -- what we saw was a slight weakening on the add stops versus the first quarter in terms of the trend. You have to be very careful. When you look at add stops, you got to look at it on a year-over-year basis, not necessarily on a sequentially quarter basis. But what we think that is certainly evidence of is what I mentioned earlier, is the lack of any momentum on -- in employment in our type of industries. There was a slightly better employment report last month. However, it really didn't impact the traditional rental business at all. So what we are seeing basically is just a lack of any real momentum with existing customers, and I think everybody's just taking a wait-and-see attitude to see what happens.
William C. Gale: Well, we certainly are very concerned because it will increase our costs. There's no question about that. We just don't know to what extent at this point in time, and so we're monitoring it. But there are still so many unknowns that it's difficult to predict.
William C. Gale: It is -- still remains very competitive and relatively aggressive on the part of many of our competitors, especially with National Accounts and large regional accounts. I think, again, it is due in part to the lack of the ability to grow existing customers because customers are reluctant to add employees. So as a result of that, new business is very competitive, and we have to be aggressive in obtaining new business. Additionally, as Mike mentioned in his comments, price increases on existing customers have been also somewhat difficult given the lack of any real increase in costs. The general low inflation rate has not enabled us to really be enabled to increase prices on existing accounts either to any great extent.
William C. Gale: Well, I'm sorry, I'm not going to give the qualitative amount because it'd be difficult really to do it. But when you add new routes, they certainly aren't full. And we were in a position where we were forced to add new routes in a couple of our businesses because so much of our growth has come from new accounts and, therefore, new stops. And so while we tried to efficiently add them, there comes point in time when you have more route capacity and therefore you have greater costs on a -- and not getting quite the efficiency. However, over time, that gets eaten up, and would really be benefited if we could see some additional headcount at existing customers. We've been talking about that for the last couple of years. But what we need to do is continue to invest in the routes to handle the new business, and then position ourselves to be able to handle growth in existing customers. So I think over time, it will come back and we will continue to -- we'll get back to improved margins. But new -- you add a new truck, new depreciation, another driver, and those costs start mounting up as you run them across the country.
William C. Gale: Shlomo, you got to be so careful with these job numbers because when you look just the total number, one might think, oh, well, they -- this should be positively impacting a company like Cintas. But when you delve into the details of the jobs number, they -- it paints a different picture. Now the most recent one, for example, the increase in jobs was due to primarily in the professional arena, and that really doesn't help us in the uniform rental business at all. So you just -- you have to go through and look at the different areas where jobs are being added. One of the analysts that follows Cintas recently put out a report, and he made the same comment. He said after you delve into the details, you begin to realize that any big increase in jobs did not have a positive impact on the uniform companies. So to answer the question, I think if you could see job growth in the 250,000-plus level, that you would expect that, that should start impacting our types of customers. And hopefully, we'll see that as we get into '13, but I think it's not a sure thing by any means right now.
William C. Gale: Well, it's very similar to what I said at the -- in this first quarter, that where we're getting the new business growth is coming from the fact that, one, customers who have never had the program before recognized the value of the program because it is so cheap to provide your employees with just a tremendous service by providing their uniforms every day, cleaning them, repairing them, replacing them, et cetera. So that really helps our no programmer [ph] sales efforts. Additionally, the FRC business, or flame-resistant clothing business, continues to be a star with us because of the growth and the strength of the energy business in the U.S., which requires many of their workers to wear FRC garments. And third, I would say is the new product offerings like Carhartt, the chemical dispensing, again are attractive-type services and/or products to customers. And therefore, businesses again are signing up for that new business or converting over from one of the competitors because the competitors cannot offer some of those things.
William C. Gale: But keep in mind, for those of you who may not recall, a new customer gets new garments, does not get used garments out of the stockroom.
William C. Gale: No, no. I think -- I remember saying this in the first quarter. It's -- they're growing at relatively comparable rates right now.
William C. Gale: No, I think that was a -- there still is a lot of unanswered questions, Andy, with regard to what the regulations are going to be and what the provider costs are going to be, et cetera. So I wouldn't say that I have any better information than what Scott put in his letter, but I think it's important to understand that there's an awful lot of things that have yet to be decided and resolved between now and when that thing goes into effect. And I was just looking at something or reading an article the other day that the CEO of one of the huge insurers talked about just doubling the premiums to companies. Now we're self-insured. But obviously, if an insurance company is going to double premiums, that's going to have an impact on those of us who are self-insured also. So I think it's definitely going to be a higher amount of expense. Whether it's $58 million, $75 million, I think it's too early to tell.
William C. Gale: The biggest bump is then. But I think we're going to begin to see some cost pressures as we move through '13.
William C. Gale: Yes, Andy, keep in mind that all companies are going to face an issue in 2014, or shortly thereafter, of whether or not they want to incur these tremendously more expensive items to provide health care or they can pay this penalty that, at the current time, is like $2,000 per employee. Now I don't think Cintas has any intention of necessarily dropping its health care coverage unless we see all companies begin to drop it because then, that puts us in a noncompetitive situation. So I think there's so much yet to be decided and resolved and determined on what the impact of this thing is going to be. That -- it's just too early to tell.
William C. Gale: Andy, acquisitions are primarily in the document management space, primarily shredding, and in the first aid and safety and fire segment. And I would tell you that it still was a little less than what I had hoped to see. I thought we -- as we got closer to the end of the calendar year, we would see a little bit -- more acquisition activity, but we really didn't. It is going to have a marginal impact on the revenue for the remainder of this fiscal year, if you think about it. And I don't have the detail and I don't think we will give the detail of the exact revenue, but it is not significant relative to the amount that was spent and relative to the size of the company.
William C. Gale: Well, I think it'll -- won't be really anniversaried until next -- first quarter of next fiscal year on the amortization. There are some minor changes. But the big impact was when we came into this fiscal year and it's -- well, it wasn't big, but the impact was coming into this fiscal year and will kind of anniversary next June. The thing in SG&A that fluctuates quite a bit, of course, that was things like payroll taxes. Keep in mind the third quarter, 64-day quarter and yet our payroll taxes are at the highest of any of the quarter because everything resets January 1. We have fluctuations in our medical expense and in workmen's compensation-type costs. And of course, in this quarter, we have the positive variance associated with the sale of the investment that Mike alluded to.
William C. Gale: John, I really can't comment on any specific acquisition. I can just tell you that we obviously would be interested at the right price.
William C. Gale: I -- Scott, you know I can't tell you that. I can just tell you that yes, I was disappointed on the lack of acquisitions as we got closer to year end. And of course, we're only reporting what we did through November. If we had made anything material, we would certainly be telling you at this point in time. But I was a little surprised. I thought sellers would be looking at the possibility of much higher tax rates and would be a more willing seller. But obviously, through our November -- end of November, that did not happen.
William C. Gale: Scott, I think our favorable trends have been what we've seen for the last couple of quarters. Let's -- give a little -- go back in time a little bit. We did start increasing our headcount in sales back in calendar '10 as we began to gain confidence that the financial difficulties that were facing the country and the severe recession we were in were beginning to dissipate. And it took a while for those salesmen to achieve productivity, but they began to really do that in -- late in our fiscal '11 and it has continued through this latest quarter. What's caused it is a more tenured workforce, our sales force; a -- certainly, an increase in the headcount from what we had back during the recession; but third is a great selection of products and offerings that we think have contributed to their productivity improvements and have resulted in at least giving us the growth that we're getting because we're getting it from the new business.
William C. Gale: Andrew, absent the quarterly fluctuations, I think there is still some potential for marginal improvement in the SG&A line. I don't think we've held back on costs. I think that we're continuing to get leverage. And so when you look at it on an annualized basis, I think you'll -- you should continue to see some modest improvement, not to the extent we've seen over the last few years, but I think that it still can get slightly better. Now I just want to just make the point again, the third quarter for us...
William C. Gale: Is 64 days, resetting of payroll taxes, et cetera. So keep that in mind, those of you who put out your expectations.
William C. Gale: I think it was maybe a little bit more in this quarter, slightly more than what we saw maybe in our first quarter just because we were in the height of the election and a lot more people were focusing on all the different viewpoints and what should happen on January 1. It was a headwind in the first quarter, maybe a bit more of a headwind in the second.
William C. Gale: It was really difficult to come up and give you an exact number. Our commentary was it did have an impact. It wasn't material. What happened is as those of you who had to go through it without power, our facilities were down for a few days. Our customers were down even longer. We've got customers that haven't returned to business. And it doesn't impact just uniform rental, it in fact impacted all of our businesses: the fire business, the first aid and safety. Some of that you get back, and it's just a delay on when you get it. But some of it may never get -- you may never get back. It had a modest but not a material impact on the quarter.
William C. Gale: Well, no, I do see some positive. We know we're going to have -- we -- or what we -- due to these rollouts, we should have a much better results in the direct sale business. And that's -- the direct sale business is going to do that. It's going to fluctuate. But I'm very pleased with some of the new customers that we're getting in the direct sale business. And hopefully, even after the initial surge of the rollout, we'll see some ongoing business as a result of that. As far as some of the other businesses, as Mike alluded, the shredding business saw a nice pickup. I think that, that's positive. And the first aid and safety revenue looked very good. Some of the fire National Account businesses that we're getting. So overall, yes, I am -- I think in a very tough economic environment, I'm pleased with our results. And I feel very good about, going forward, that we've got a very strong sales force and a great -- great businesses that we're in that should continue to do well. We just are obviously at the mercy somewhat of what the economy does.
William C. Gale: Well, the problem we have is while the revenue side is relatively easy to split out, it's impossible at this point in time to appropriately split out the costs because they are housed in the same physical facility. There is often a route that will carry both products, both facility services and uniforms. So at this point in time, we have no way to properly be able to split that out separately.
William C. Gale: Well, I would just say if past practice is any indication of future, we continue to be hungry with -- at the appropriate use of our cash and keeping our options open for other things. So it would not surprise me that we would not see additional share buybacks depending what else -- what other opportunities we might see for cash.
William C. Gale: Well, I think the idea of putting a uniform on a temp worker depends what that temp worker is doing. If that temp worker has customer-facing responsibilities that require the image of the -- of their employer to be properly represented, they're going to put a uniform on a temporary worker. If they're trying to protect the product from contamination from an employee regardless of it's a temporary or a permanent worker, they're going to have a uniform. So I would tell you that it all depends on what the buying motive is for the customer on the uniforms side. To provide a uniform for a temporary worker as a perk has not necessarily been the practice. But if we do go into a new world where many companies decide to have a lot of temporary workers as opposed to full-time workers in order to avoid potential costs, if they need that employee to be in a uniform for image or for protecting the product, I think you will see them use uniforms.
William C. Gale: That is primarily in rental. There's -- it's a bit of a spread between all 4 segments but mostly in rental.
William C. Gale: I would like to thank everyone for joining us this evening. And on behalf of all of the Cintas partners throughout the world, we want to wish all of you a very happy holiday and a prosperous new year.
J. Michael Hansen: Sara, just a point. I didn't say it was negative for the quarter. But I did say it was lower than the last couple years. Typically, in the second quarter, we tend to pick up jacket rental and some match for the winter season. But it was not negative.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, there are certainly 2 easier comparisons. One is the -- from the first half of the year, we start to lose that significant headwind of the year-over-year paper prices. So our second half of the year paper guidance that we gave you is in line or slightly ahead of last year's second half paper prices. And the other item is our direct sale. We expect to have a better second half certainly than the first half of this year. Our first half ended, in uniform direct sale, down 1.5% or so, and we expect to have growth in the second half of the year.
J. Michael Hansen: I think when you look at this last jobs report from a typical uniform rental standpoint, it was probably the poorest of the year. There were -- that 146,000 included over 100,000 jobs in motion pictures, administrative positions, clothing -- retail clothing stores. So it was really a weak jobs report as it relates to our businesses.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, the gain was about $0.04, the write-off was offsetting that. Then if you really take into account some impact of Hurricane Sandy as well as then the difference in our paper expectation, you kind of wash out.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, our utilization, when we -- when our customers aren't hiring and adding people, our utilization in our stockroom goes down because we're not pulling garments, similar garments out of our stockroom to put onto new hires within existing customers. Aside from that, our what we call pull percentages, the amounts that we pull for lost garments, replacement garments, are very good. But we just need to be able to use that asset, that stockroom asset, much better by our customers hiring. So it certainly is down because our customers aren't hiring as much.
J. Michael Hansen: It was about 7%, Andy. It was a nice improvement over what we saw in the first quarter. Our businesses in most areas of document management improved, but the -- but that increase was really led by our shredding business. So we had a nice quarter x the recycled paper.
J. Michael Hansen: Yes, so the -- yes, the bulk of that -- just like in the rental business, the bulk of that growth is coming from new customers. We certainly do get some benefit from increased volume, but more -- much more of it is from the added customers.
J. Michael Hansen: Yes, there are additional reporting requirements that happen in '13. But you're right, the '14 is when we're going to see quite a bit of impact.
J. Michael Hansen: Sure. Our guidance in -- so we -- for the second quarter, we had a price of about an average of $150 per ton, and our guidance incorporates a $160-per-ton average in the third quarter and $170 in the fourth quarter.
J. Michael Hansen: James, we had talked about cotton peaking in our second quarter of this year. What will be very difficult to see is the -- is any change in that because as you know, the cotton impact rolls through so slowly. And also, running through our material costs are all of the injections of new garments for all of the new accounts that we've sold. And so it's going to be very difficult to spot a trend in the changes due to cotton.
J. Michael Hansen: Yes, I think we may see a change in the way -- because of the health care, we may see a change in the way our customers view their employees. And there's a -- you can think of temporary as being temporary until we can find a full-time replacement. And there may be less need to put that kind of worker in a uniform versus a part-time worker where in the future, there may be more part-time workers that are kind of a permanent part time, and we may see a shift of putting more of them into uniform. So I think we're going to keep our ears close to our customers and see how this health care act changes their perception of their employees.
Andrew J. Wittmann: Right. And then in document management, what was the organic x paper? We might be able to get there with a 5.5%, but just to clarify with you guys.
Andrew J. Wittmann: And then as you look at that 7%, is that -- can you give us a feel for volume versus new customer? I mean, new customers typically have been a pretty big driver for you guys but just color there would be helpful.
Andrew J. Wittmann: Yes, it will be very interesting to watch that unfold. I guess final question, guys. I wanted to understand a little bit about the acquisitions. It looks like about $50 million of deals in the quarter. Can you just give us really a couple of things related to that? What segments primarily can you give us kind of like a maybe a percentage or some way to understand what the revenue contribution might be to the -- each segment for the year and the impact that, that had on your guidance? Because it looks like -- obviously, revenue guidance is up some, but I got to think that acquisitions were at least a part of the factor that went into that.
