Mike Hansen: Sure. So there are a couple pieces. First of all as you indicated the ASU 2016-09 is about $0.07. That is again not simply a tax change but a guidance -- FASB guidance change that affects stock comp, shares and taxes. So about $0.07 is from there. Our share count is a little bit lower than we anticipated and Paul maybe you can give the share count that we are going to model. 
Mike Hansen: And so keeping in mind that you will have to take into account participating securities when you calculate EPS but that's a little bit lower than we expected. So that has some impact. There is a little bit of an impact when we think about SAP. And then there is certainly margins got off to a good start and then we are very pleased with that first quarter performance. So those are a little bit of different pieces. 
Mike Hansen: Well, we certainly have some thoughts on synergies that we gave when we announced the transaction. This is a fairly large merger for us and we talked about a couple of the benefits being that in certain markets we need capacity. And G&K has some capacity that we certainly can take advantage of that may allow us to defer some building of plants. We also look forward to the -- when we incorporate their route structure into ours, we expect improved route density. So improvements in terms of the fuel usage and certainly less time driving from customer to customer. In order to those things, we need a lot of people from G&K. And so while I don't have any specific numbers to shares, we won't be able to get into that level of detail until we close the transaction. We certainly anticipate that many of those employees of G&K will come over to become Cintas partners. 
Mike Hansen: We don't have any comments on those. Those were G&K numbers and we'll let their proxies speak for itself. 
Mike Hansen: Okay. Yes, when we think about the guidance that we provided it excludes any impact from G&K. And that would be any benefits, any synergies, any transaction costs et cetera. So the guidance that we are providing is based on Cintas performance. 
Mike Hansen: Well, I'd say Greg that we certainly have thoughts about how the integration will occur once the transaction closes but we need to close the transaction first. 
Mike Hansen: Yes, Greg. This is a bit of unique opportunity for us in that I think Paul mentioned in his opening remarks that their drives or SSRs are the -- they were the sellers of that organization. And while we are going through the system integration, it doesn't make a lot of sense to bring on sales people to try to sell product on a different system and then retrain them on our system. And so this is a logical progression and a logical investment for this particular acquisition. 
Mike Hansen: Sure. This is -- you should think about this first aid investment in sales people as a unique example. We are in our other businesses and even in the first aid business; we are generally investing in the business every single quarter. So in other words we are adding routes for growth, we are adding sales people. We are investing in all of our businesses and it happens at generally fairly steady pace. This is a unique example where we are now that we are on the system platform; it makes all kind of sense to add the investment. And we'll start -- our expectation is that we will start to see productivity as we throughout the year. 
Mike Hansen: Yes. Sure. So we are -- our expectation is to pay for that transaction in cash. So in other words we will be borrowing with part short term, part long term borrowings. Our goal is to -- that was certainly get us to leverage levels that are not typical for us. And our goal over the next two to three years is to bring that leverage level back in line with where we've historically been and that is generally at about 2x EBITDA. 
Mike Hansen: Last year's first quarter revenue guidance was increased quite a bit because of the ZEE acquisition. We closed that deal on August 1st of last year. And that was the primary reason for the change. 
Mike Hansen: I think our raising of the low end of the guidance today is a bit of reflection that we feel better today than we did 60 days ago about the revenue performance. Generally it is in line with where we expected to be but maybe slightly better. So I don't think there is anything to read into but I would say this Dan we -- let maybe talk a little bit about the economy and thinking in terms of -- it's been -- it remains a challenging environment and I'd -- I think I called it stable without momentum in July and I would say the same thing today. And if you look at the last three quarters of GDP in US, the average is slightly under 1%. The three quarters preceding our first quarter last year that average was 2.3%. And so we've certainly seen a bit more of a challenging environment. But having said that, we are operating a high level we believe and that organic growth of 5.7% in total is a reflection that even in a bit of more challenging environment today than a year ago, we are still growing at pretty good levels. 
Mike Hansen: Yes. Our hope is that we've seen the bottom. I know we've kind of hope that would have been the case for last several quarters but I would suggest that top line impact -- negative impact is somewhere in the 80 basis points to 100 basis points for the fiscal year. That's a little higher than we talked about in July but a little bit better than our first quarter experience. That said, we also talked a little bit about the prices at the pump getting a little bit higher as the years go on. And I would suggest that based on our first quarter experience it might not be as high as we thought it to be originally. So let me talk two things. First of all, yes, the revenue we expect that impact will lessen as we go through the year. From a net standpoint when you think about prices at the pump plus the negative impact of the revenue, I'd suggest that it's about the same as we thought it to be in July. One last point if I go back to Dan's question about revenue for the rest of the year. One thing to keep in mind is in the first quarter we now have lapped that ZEE acquisition. And so now our future growth -- our future revenue growth for the rest of the year will not have the revenue, the acquisition benefit going forward from that ZEE deal. 
Mike Hansen: Yes. I think that's a good question, Nate. We will generally see a bigger impact in our first quarter because our restricted shares that we have generally vest in the first quarter, our stock, we have more stock option exercises just for whatever reasons it is the end of our -- it is getting end of the year our fiscal year and into our new fiscal year. So we have more stock option exercises. In this quarter, we also had a nice increase in our stock price. So when that the volatility is created by stock price movement, option exercises, vesting of restricted shares and we generally have more of that in the first quarter, as we move through the rest of the year we generally don't see as many of those exercises and vestings but we still carry the additional stock comp expense and we still carry the additional shares created by this new guidance. 
Mike Hansen: It is. That is our expectation. Now as I said, there are -- we can't control the stock pricing, we can't control when options are exercised necessarily and so there can still be volatility but you are correct in the assumptions that you just stated.
Mike Hansen: George, we don't like to get into specifics about sales expenses or counts. But we can tell you that our expectations are incorporated into our guidance.
Mike Hansen: On Cintas standalone basis I would say I think I mentioned a little bit ago that we are constantly investing in the business. And one of those investments is to add routes to allow for continued growth in all of our businesses. And we will continue to do that. And when we add those routes, it creates more density and so that means we are having less windshield time and so there are certainly some incremental benefits every time we add new routes. We also expect that the productivity of our drivers or SSRs will improve over time as we add those routes and have more time to spend with our customers. 
Mike Hansen: Yes. I think I heard you properly so if I am missing the question please let me know. But to answer your question, we are finding that we are just simply spending less on the integration so far than are initially expected. It doesn't really have to do with offset; it is more about the specific SAP integration. 
Mike Hansen: We are seeing in certain specific markets there are more pressures than in others. We operate in many, many markets around the US and Canada. And I'd say that we are not seeing specific themes nationally. But there are certainly are some markets here and there that are more -- that are tighter than others. We deal with those all the time, that's not something that is particularly new. And it's our job to execute and to get the right people at the right places and time. 
Mike Hansen: I think it's the things that we talked about in the past, John. And the exciting thing to us is it is not necessarily vertical driven, it is really about the innovative products and services that we've been able to create over the last several number of years. And it's about the great execution by our partners. We believe that we can add value to any business in the US and Canada with our products and services. And we are going about doing that and that is kind of vertical agnostic. We believe every kind of business is a potential customer. And we are targeting them as such. So we want to continue to look for new opportunities to sell our for example our signature series hygiene products. We want to look for new innovative solutions and ways to sell our Carhartt products for our scrub rental programs, for our chemical cleaning solutions. We've got a lot of innovative products and services that we created and they can really add value to lots of different kinds of businesses. And so I think it's that. It's the execution by our partners and it's a great product line. 
Mike Hansen: Well, I'd say that when we announced in August we talked about the $130 million to $140 million in annual synergies. That is looking at their cost structure primarily. And there certainly are things that will let say subtract from that like the interest cost related to the financing like the amortization of intangibles. So that's a bit of a big picture what are the synergies and we would not -- we did not include the interest expense and the intangible amortization as a net against those --. 
Mike Hansen: Well, we have thoughts on that. We didn't share any in August and I am not ready to do that today. We need to get the deal closed and that when we can dive into more of the details. And really get more specific. 
Mike Hansen: I think it's just we are spending less on the integration in the early periods that kind of lead us to think we maybe more efficient over the course of the integration. 
Mike Hansen: I think it's -- I would say that it's a little unclear for us to get specific on any kind of future benefits. We will certainly operate in whatever environment occurs after the election. And it's too early to tell and too early to try build any kind of specific assumption. 
Mike Hansen: Well, thank you very much for joining us tonight. We appreciate it. We will issue our second quarter earnings in the end of December. And we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. 
Paul Adler: Yes. I mean at first stage Jay as we noted in the script, we are excited to finally see some of the synergies that we banked on. They come from many different areas. For example, one is insourcing. Our ability to source the various products is much better with our scale than with ZEE. We expected to be able to have better ability to purchase and we are seeing those benefits in cost of goods which translate into that gross margin. We also are seeing benefits from distribution. They had five distribution centers. We've closed almost all of them. And so we are leveraging our fixed cost structure, our distribution supply chain for that. And other example was we mentioned warehousing in the script which is the location, physical operation that we run the routes of. As we had talked about previously with our scale even though this is a sizeable acquisition for the First Aid segment, it was largely a tuck in and by tucking this business in to those existing locations we were starting to realize those synergies. And that's really what's pushing those margins forward as I said we expected. 
Paul Adler: Yes, Greg. I mean I don't think there is anything much else to add. I mean this is in the scheme of things for that segment. Again, it is a significant chunk of the segment that added one third of the volume. And just think about the math with getting to that 5% organic growth rate two thirds of that business the legacy business it's growing strongly. But the other, the acquired business I mean the focus has been on integration and goodwill and training those SSRs. You have to get the stability in the customer base, establish that foundation that takes time to build those relationships before you can make the emphasis on growth. And so there hasn't been much growth in that acquired business which is as expected but as we mentioned previously we do intend to grow it. And we are implementing, not implementing but we've hired some sales reps, getting them trained because we are at the end of -- near the end of the consolidation, the integration and the optimization process so that these sales reps then would be able to hit the ground running and start penetrating with the other products and services that we have in First Aid that ZEE did not previously have. 
Paul Adler: And Nate, answer your question specifically about add stop, so you are correct that in that metric outside of the FRC related to the energy customers there is nothing really noteworthy, the metric is slightly positive but it typically is positive. This time of the year we have some seasonal impacts with schools and other summer type business is coming on in June. It is less positive than a year ago however. 
Paul Adler: No. Nate, as you said it's always very competitive, no, nothing remarkable in the environment that indicates any change one way or the other. 
