Mike Hansen: No, Manav. I think from based on our results, which we believe are pretty good, we have seen a pretty good economic environment for the last quarter, and we are not hearing signs of slowdown right now. And I would suggest that our guidance is pretty strong as well and reflects confidence that we are going to finish the year pretty strong, so no.
Mike Hansen: Well, we haven’t quantified that specifically other than to say certainly that Cintas percentage of hygiene revenue is greater than G&K’s was prior to us acquiring them. We are making some nice progress on that. I don’t have a specific number to share with you, because many of the accounts are kind of blended in, but we certainly know that we are getting some traction there, and we like that restroom product opportunity. We like this substituting our entrance mats for theirs. We think there is still an opportunity in the future for Carhartt garments and other things, but making some progress so far and we like what we have seen.
Mike Hansen: Well, our remaining authorization is a little bit over $800 million, it’s about $860 million. We did run out a previous authorization during the quarter. We expect it to continue to have pretty good cash flow. We obviously think that the stock price today is an opportunity, but we also like our leverage level, we’re at 2.1 times, that’s right at our target. And I would suggest that we’re going to continue to be right around that level unless we see something different change, something new come about. We certainly have seen it to be a buying opportunity though, and I think that there’s been certainly an overreaction to our stock in the last 90 days.
Mike Hansen: Well, when we think about this quarter, we think about the impact of better sales rep productivity than we initially expected, so I don’t see that changing much. We also talked about the penetration opportunities with all of our customers remains pretty strong. So that guidance range that we gave is something in the way of 6% to the low 7%, and we think that’s a pretty good range for us to be in. That’s right in our sweet spot.
Mike Hansen: It’s not necessarily a new opportunity. It is one that we have started to talk about and we love the opportunity and it is the same as you might think in rental, where we have – we have the ability to provide large multi-location customers with a consistent Safety – First Aid and Safety Program and that’s important to these large customers. It allows them to track their locations a little bit better, to understand their compliance on a more consistent basis. And so we’ve got an offering that not many others can provide and that has become a real nice growth opportunity for us in the business, and one that we started to call out a little bit more.
Mike Hansen: Yes. It’s a real good question, Gary. We certainly with the new accounting guidance, we’re going to see a little bit more fluctuation in our tax rate. I – we expect it to be in a 24-ish type of a percent range. And again that can move now, not all of that difference from 24% to 21.7% is the equity comp, but it certainly is a good chunk of that. If that turns around, we could see it get closer to 24% and in some cases may even get higher than 24%, but that’s kind of where we see a steady range. And what you saw in the second quarter of 24.2% roughly is a quarter without a big stock compensation benefit like you saw in the first quarter.
Mike Hansen: I think given that it’s been what 11 in the first half of the year, it’s probably going to be closer to that type of 20 to 22 type of a range.
Mike Hansen: Yes, we don’t have those numbers to share with you, Hamzah. But we think there’s certainly is a big opportunity there. As we’ve talked in the past, the biggest penetration is with our uniform rental and entrance mat products. But all of our other products would then be under 20% penetrated, and we certainly think that we can get above 20% with many of those. So we still have a lot of run rate. And we – that certainly has been beneficial to the growth over the last few years.
Mike Hansen: Sure. We – when we think about that business, we like the high singles and low doubles digits in terms of organic growth run rate and do we think it’s sustainable, we do, certainly in the next – for the next several years, absent a big change in the macro environment. You know in this business the biggest competition is what we might call in the rental business the no programmer or the customer that’s doing it themselves, there are still many of them out there and we believe we’ve got a great value to provide to them. So we do think there are many opportunities out there for our service and we think there’s a great value in our ability to deliver that compared to the do-it-yourself [sic] and the catalog purchasers and that kind of thing. So we like the – we love the business. We like the organic growth rate. We think that can continue.
Mike Hansen: We are looking at M&A, we are ready, and if – the thing about M&A is, we can’t always predict when those opportunities come along, and so we want to make sure that we are ready and we’re looking at – we’re looking in our – certainly in our rental business, in our First Aid and Safety business and our Fire business, if we can find tuck-ins or even larger than tuck-in opportunities, we will certainly take a look at them. We think there is a lot of long-term value in that kind of investment.
Mike Hansen: That was led by our new business as it usually is, but we’ve seen some real nice productivity out of our sales team. That sales team also as we’ve talked about over the last several years, that sales team also sells into existing customers and that’s been going very well also. And so that has helped to the historical net add-stop metric that we talk about in our industry. It certainly has been positive from the standpoint of getting some benefit from our sales team. Retention is right where we want it to be and it’s as good as it’s been. It’s in the mid 90% range and has not changed a bunch over the last couple of quarters. And pricing remains favorable pricing environment. I wouldn’t say it’s changed much in the last several quarters, but still a pretty good environment nonetheless.
Mike Hansen: And so we measure it altogether and it is higher combined than it was pre-acquisition. So in other words, our new partners and our recently hired partners from that deal, they have made some real nice progress and are certainly being productive in a way that we want them to be productive.
Mike Hansen: Yes, I can’t say that we’ve seen much of a change at this point in time, it may be a little early. But we’ve seen at least our business be pretty healthy in those and many other verticals.
Mike Hansen: It’s purely timing, Scott. We are continuing certainly to invest where we need to, some of it is timing from the standpoint of when we may need to bring a new plant online that can move a little bit here and there, depending on the situations in those local markets so, more than anything, it’s just timing.
Mike Hansen: And let’s not forget, we’ve got some really nice growth and that’s certainly increases the AR and there was about close to a $20 million impact from the rev rec adoption.
Mike Hansen: Well, we always like to monitor what our competitors are doing? And that’s not just Aramark and AmeriPride, but all of our competitors I would say nothing significant that we would call out at this point.
Mike Hansen: Well, we our revenue per stop certainly was greater than G&K was prior to the acquisition, and we think there certainly remains that opportunity we are, I would say we’re closing the gap, but that’s going to be a very it’s a slow trip I guess, and it will take some time and one thing to keep in mind is we’re still adding many new customers every year and those customers, we want to continue, we have the opportunity to continue to penetrate as well so I don’t have a very specific metric that I can share, but certainly our revenue per staff was greater and there still is more opportunity both in our existing our legacy customers and the legacy G&K customers we like that penetration opportunity.
Mike Hansen: No, I mean there’s a lot going on in both countries in terms of implementations and integrations and I would say no, nothing to call out.
Mike Hansen: The only thing we are doing is the revenue and the growth has been better than we thought 90 days ago certainly as you can tell from our guidance raise and we continue to invest for the future we like the way that the economy is operating right now it creates and provides a lot of opportunity for our products and services in all of our businesses and we’re continuing to move forward the last thing we want to do is start pulling back on our growth levers, it’s simply to try to predict a change in the economy, we are continuing to invest and grow like we set out to do at the beginning of this fiscal year.
Mike Hansen: Yes, I think the further we get into the integration the implementation of SAP, I would say, the easier it gets because we are getting better and better at it we have, as Paul said, we’ve got a lot of locations in a lot of different markets and we learn from everyone and each one becomes a little bit more efficient so it is, certainly is still a big change management project and like I said, we’re learning with each market that converts and that means we are getting ahead of the conversion we do a lot of communication we do a lot of training we do a lot of, not just training in terms of looking at documents and understanding but actually doing and working in the system so we’ve gotten and we believe to be pretty efficient in pretty good at getting our locations prepared having said that certainly is still a disruption and it takes time to get through, it takes time to get our customers used to seeing that different kind of invoice etcetera. so, disruption will continue until we’re finished with it, but we get better and better with each one from a standpoint of what have we seen out of the system we really do like the efficiency that brings to our SSRs our SSRs are our drivers, they have handheld computers, they are much better and much more efficient than they used to be and so we like how those are working our First Aid and Safety business has been on SAP for a few years and we like the knowledge and the information that gets to that business, we’re starting to see a little bit of that in the rental business and as you can tell from the First Aid and Safety business we like how our growth is going there so we, I wouldn’t say that, we have seen a lot of surprises from the standpoint of things that we didn’t expect, but we like what we see.
Mike Hansen: Well, thank you again for joining us tonight. We will issue our third quarter financial results in the mid to late March and we look forward to speaking with you again at that time and happy holidays to all.
Paul Adler: We have assumed that we may still have just a slight touch of pressure for the rest of the year, even though we didn’t have any in the second quarter. It’s hard to predict what that’s going to look like for the second half, but right now we haven’t really changed our outlook and that was to be up slightly in the second half of the year.
Paul Adler: No problem. Toni, the low end of our guidance now is higher than the high end of our guidance last quarter. You are right on it in terms of the second half of the year buyback impact. But Toni, the second half of the year, last year we did operating margins of 16.3%. The guidance that we have provided would suggest the high – mid-to-high 16%, so there is still going to be some nice margin improvement in the second half of the year. The revenue is looking very good. That was a pretty good increase as well, where the low end of the range is higher than our previous – I am sorry the low end of the range is higher than our previous high end of the range. We think it’s a pretty nice second half of the year. And if we can achieve that guidance, that’s a pretty darn good year with margin expansion, continued G&K integration, SAP integration, and increasing organic growth.
Paul Adler: Well let’s talk about the pressures, the cost pressures that we’ve cited. From an energy perspective, it was flat in the quarter year-over-year and we’re expecting it to be just up slightly. We don’t get specific enough to provide you an oil price, but we think it will be up slightly for the back half of the year. We have talked a little bit about the labor. We’re seeing that in pockets as we’ve said over the last several quarters, and that’s certainly is within our numbers for the first half of the year and it is contemplated in our guidance for the second half of the year. So the great news is, we’ve been able to increase gross margins in this quarter and for the year and expect that to continue despite some pressure from labor. We also talk a little bit about some commodities that you can kind of think of this as the trade impact, right, and last, if you think about China for example, we’ve seen a bucket announced in July of tariff increases on a certain set of products and services, we were not impacted by that. The second bucket came in September. We were slightly impacted by that and we touched on that last quarter. And again, it’s a pretty small amount, but that may continue. And certainly, then it’s too early to tell on anything else that may change with China. We also – we didn’t touch on it last time, but certainly NAFTA has been in the news quite a bit. And if we can continue to see the structure to replace NAFTA or continue NAFTA, but if we can see the structure to replace NAFTA in the USMCA, they’re not much of a change there either. So the really good news is, while we do see a little bit of an impact, it hasn’t been significant and it is certainly within our guided numbers. And really while we’re on-trade, if we think about our supply chain, we’ve got a really good global supply chain, and we’ve talked about how we control much of what we purchase and when I say control, we either have owned manufacturing to a lesser extent, but we also control then fabric purchases and the shipment of those fabrics around the world to different sowing suppliers. We have the ability to be flexible with that and as trade – and as trade changes we have the ability to be flexible where many of our competitors do not, they are either tied to their own manufacturing or tied to third-party suppliers, we have the flexibility to be much more flexible than that. And so as we think about all of these different pressures, we like the way we are able to perform, we like the way we’re able to leverage our infrastructure to find efficiencies, and that’s what you’re seeing in this guidance and in our current results, we’re able to increase our gross and operating margins despite some of these pressures. Now that could change if the macro environment or trade significantly changes and we’ll certainly let you know about that. But as we stand today, we like the way we’re able to adapt to some changes in the environment and still improve margins.
Paul Adler: Andy, it’s Paul. We did not comment on SAP in particular in the script, but we are still making nice progress. I think last quarter we mentioned, but I can’t remember the number of locations, but we said that we had implemented about 42% of them and we’re now at about 48%, so just about halfway through. So again like we’ve talked about previously, things are going very well because of the nature of the implementation and how our existing operating new IT system is with a series of new AS400s boxes all over, it takes time to go from one to the other to the other, but everything is going well and we’re still on track to complete the implementation in fiscal ‘20.
Paul Adler: Sure. The route optimization continues, but as we’ve talked about, we remain cautious in doing that because of that, really touches the customers it’s movement of volume, it’s affecting our SSR relationships and so we’re being very cautious I don’t have a percentage or $1 revenue number to share, Andy but, we are continuing to move forward with that and it’s going well and I think the cautious approach is certainly helping us from an overall G&K standpoint as you mentioned, it continues to get more and more intertwined and part of the re-routing and route optimization is even more intertwining so I think, I’ve talked a little bit about this, where if we have multiple locations, legacy Cintas and legacy G&K part of that route optimization, results in volume possibly moving from one plant to another so even a legacy G&K facility today that has participated in route optimization may have some legacy Cintas volume in there so it gets more and more intertwined however, we certainly like the performance that we’ve seen out of the business, out of the integration activities and we still feel very good about the synergy numbers that we’ve put out there we estimate that the current quarter is about $25 million in synergies that continues us very well onto our expectation for this fiscal ‘19 year and we still feel very good about hitting our targets for the overtime for the entire acquisition.
Paul Adler: We don’t give guidance by segment, Scott but, the guidance range that we do have for the total company is about 6 to 7.2, I think and that would certainly suggest that there is room for continued acceleration in that range.
Paul Adler: Well, we try to see out as far as we can and that’s we prep from an external point of view, we generally keep our guidance to the current fiscal year internally, we are certainly looking ahead and how we expect to perform in fiscal ‘20 and ‘21 and going forward I would say this, Scott absent a significant change in the macro, we like the way we are performing right now. Our sales force is performing very well, our integration continues and we as we get more and more of that behind us, we can get more and more efficient in the way we operate we like our products and services, we think it’s a broad opportunity, we are not certainly not fully penetrated and so we continue to like the opportunity to sell to existing customers so, we feel like the business is running very well and I don’t see a change in our ability to execute, unless something happens in the macro that throws a wrench in the works but what we are we all here at Cintas look forward to is getting more and more of the integration and the SAP implementation behind us so that we can even become a little bit more efficient in the way we operate.
Paul Adler: Yes, I mean as you can see it’s on working capital and there is really two, I guess two larger categories that are driving it and both are temporary so we don’t think there’s anything structural here and that we’re concerned with one is, accounts receivable I mean, you can certainly see that on the balance sheet and on the cash flow statement and we don’t have concerns about collectability our customers is really need and once what we provide and they do pay, but Mike has talked many times on prior calls about the inefficiencies that exist within the organization when you have two significant projects going on at same time the G&K integration, the SAP implementation, we have a lot of system conversions, customers are impacted, billing changes, invoices look different and because of that disruption it is causing some slowdown in cash coming in a little bit of a build of AR but again, we believe it’s nothing, but temporary and we will collect.
Paul Adler: Yes. And to build on Mike’s comment about the growth the other bucket is inventory and we talked last quarter about the fact that to support our growth we have a new distribution center facility services distribution center that came online, we’re building inventory to ramp that up and get ready to put that operation in place so we’re still burning off that inventory it’s a little bit elevated at this point in time and then finally Shlomo we have a little bit of inventory build, because what we’re finding is we’ve had skews historically with just Cintas stand-alone that were not sufficient enough in the demand for us to inventory them in stock of them in our distribution centers so what would happen is our operations would just order these items from various vendors directly and they would ship back to those operations, but now with the increased volume from G&K, it does make sense to put more skewed in the distribution manage it centrally negotiate better cost by doing that, and so that is a little bit of an inventory build, but ultimately again that’s a timing thing and that’s a measure we’re putting in place because we believe that will help us manage cost and lower them enough.
