William C. Gale: Thank you for joining us this evening, where we will report our third quarter results for fiscal 2012. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. After some commentary on the results, we will be happy to answer your questions. We are pleased to report that our third quarter revenue grew 7.9% from last year's third quarter to revenue of $1,012,000,000. Net income increased by 28.7% to $76 million, and earnings per share were $0.58, a 41.5% increase over last year. I would like to make a few comments on this quarter's revenue growth. This year's third quarter had one more work day than last year's third quarter, which benefits our overall revenue growth. On a same-workday basis, our revenue growth was 6.3% over last year's third quarter.  Our organic growth, which accounts for both workday adjustments and the impact of acquisitions, was 5.9%. Keep in mind that the recycled paper prices remained at approximately $150 per ton throughout the quarter, and this lower price negatively impacted our consolidated revenue growth over last year's third quarter by 0.6%. Our operating margin continues to reflect our focus on high quality growth. The operating margin of 13.6% was an improvement over both the third quarter of last year and this year's second quarter. We also benefited this quarter from lower-than-expected energy-related costs and medical costs. Energy-related costs for the third quarter were 3.3% of revenue, which is slightly better than the expected level of 3.5% assumed in our guidance. In addition, medical-related expenses were 30 basis points lower than last year due to better than expected experience. As a result of the better-than-expected results in the third quarter, we are updating our guidance for fiscal 2012. We now expect fiscal 2012 revenue to be in the range of $4.09 billion to $4.12 billion, and we expect earnings per diluted share in the range of $2.24 to $2.27. This guidance assumes no deterioration in the current U.S. economy and effective tax rate of 37% for the entire 2012 fiscal year, and recycled paper prices to continue to be approximately $150 per ton. It also assumes that energy-related costs will increase to approximately 3.5% of revenue and medical expenses to increase to normalized levels. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike Hansen for more details on the third quarter.
William C. Gale: Well, that was certainly thought through when we provided that guidance, so let me give you a little more color on that. We are a -- we tend to be a bit conservative, but I also think a few things deserve mention that Mike brought up in his comments. We did see our medical expenses be lower in the third quarter than what is typical, so we expect those to rise to more normalized levels and thus impact SG&A. We do expect energy costs to be back up about 20 to 30 basis points from what we saw in the third quarter. We still have some concerns about the economy in terms of job growth and just overall confidence. The paper price has a big impact on us, and we continue to expect that to be low. And keep in mind, last year's fourth quarter, we were seeing rising paper prices from the third quarter of last year. And therefore, if the paper prices do not increase, which we don't really expect them to do at this point, the impact of the lower paper prices this year is going to have a bigger impact than what Mike talked about for the third quarter. And then, finally, I think another thing to -- that's worth some mention here is that we have seen a pickup of our turnover in our sales force to more normalized levels over the last few months. And as we replace these more productive salespeople with newer salespeople, we tend to think that the impact on new business might be impacted a bit. So that's why the guidance was as we provided it.
William C. Gale: We have -- first off, I don't want to make a big deal about this, Scott. I just wanted to mention that it is going to have a slight impact on the growth rate. But as the economy improves, our salespeople are in great demand for other industries. And they also -- there's a burnout in some of our salespeople because it's all new business. They're hunters, basically. So I don't think it's anything that we're alarmed about. It's just a fact that it's a reflection of what's the strength of our sales force, and that the economy is picking up a bit.
William C. Gale: Well, I think we're seeing success in many areas. Let me give a commentary in a few. In our plants, our rental plants, we've implemented quite a bit of automation, and we have been able to incentivize our workforces in the plants that have enabled us to improve productivity. We're seeing in our routes -- the impact of the portable route computer certainly have helped the productivity of our service sales reps. And the fact that a significant number of our rental routes and some of our other services routes have gone to 4-day workweeks instead of 5, and that's improved our fuel efficiency, as well as the productivity of our workforce. The G&A area has certainly been benefited by our CEO's initiative of looking -- making sure that everything we do is of value to our customers, and that they recognize it, and they're willing to pay for it. So we've been able to streamline a number of our processes. Plus we're getting some of the benefits of the SAP conversions as we roll those out to some of our functional areas like all of our finance activities in our global supply chain. Continuing at Cintas to always do improvement of what we have and the fact that we're seeing some top line growth is enabling us to get some leverage in all the different areas.
William C. Gale: Well, we're -- we actually -- we saw some pickup on pricing earlier this fiscal year. And as Mike and I were analyzing the results for this during this quarter, I would say that pricing hasn't deteriorated, but it hasn't improved at the same rate that we were seeing earlier in the fiscal year. So we didn't really get a whole lot of benefit in this quarter on pricing but -- nor did we really get any deterioration.
William C. Gale: We have not seen a significant improvement in add/stops. As we mentioned a year ago, we finally saw a stabilization in that. As we look at the numbers week to week, you'll get a few weeks where you'll see some positive impact. And then that same trend won't necessarily continue into the next week. It doesn't go negative, but it's just not as robust. So I'm not willing yet to say that we're really seeing any real impact of adds. It's just -- it's kind of a just a very, very modest improvement over what we saw earlier this year.
William C. Gale: Well, certainly on the routes, to the extent you add new stops in any of our businesses, you have to quickly add capacity, because we have rightsized the routes during the downturn, and we continue to be focused on keeping our service sales reps pretty full and productive. So there's not a lot of additional capacity for new stops. There's capacity for additional business on existing stops, especially in the rental division when you have additional wearers at a stop, the effort to take the uniforms in for the new wearer are really not that significant over what you were doing anyway. So we -- you get some nice revenue growth there. But generally speaking, the impact of new business does require us to continue to expand the routes. On the production side, I think we've been saying this for some time, and we continue to feel pretty confident that we have adequate production capacity in most areas of the country. Therefore, we will not need to invest in a lot more plant capacity as our revenues continue to increase. And then on the other businesses, the Document Management business is primarily route-based. We have a little bit of storage business. And of course, the storage revenue continues to increase. You got to make sure you have capacity and racking to put those boxes in storage. But since most of our -- the bulk of our business is shredding, that's a route-based business, and again it depends on is it additional stops or is it just additional volume within the stop that determines what kind of capacity you need to have.
William C. Gale: Andrew, near term, you're not going to see a significant change from where we're at today. Our only -- I don't see any impact really on the selling expense. It's more some of those items Mike mentioned like on the medical costs. They may rise modestly from what we saw in the third quarter. Sometimes you have a little bit of bad debt expense that will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. But you're not going to see a materially -- material change in that line. I think the overall longer-term trend will continue to be pointing downward, although as not quite as rapid a pace as what we've seen over the last year or so.
William C. Gale: No, Gary, I think you misunderstood. It's primarily the result of replacing headcount that we had. It's not a significant increase in headcount that we're anticipating right now. It's more or less just continuing -- we'll be getting back to a level that we may have seen in the second quarter or so. That's all I'm trying to imply.
William C. Gale: I think we're going to have to see more robust job growth, 200,000 or whatever jobs a month. I don't think it really is going to show up too much on our numbers yet. When we get up to 400,000, 500,000 job growth in -- especially in our sectors, I think you're going to begin to see a little bit more of that. It just -- it really hasn't been that significant yet.
William C. Gale: Shlomo, there are numerous items in there. I really don't have the detail in that, I mean, but there are so many different things that go through there: insurance costs, workmen's compensation cost, bad debt expense, legal expenses, professional fees, et cetera, et cetera. So we try to highlight for you some of the big ones, but we really -- we don't have the detail to provide publicly on the rest of it.
William C. Gale: Well, a good example is just you have staff people creating reports for -- that are needed for some reason a couple years ago, and all of a sudden you find out 50% of somebody's time is producing these reports and the need for those reports are no longer there. So that could be one. Or the reports get replaced by some sort of automation. That would be an example of things that you basically get rid of.
William C. Gale: Sure, we're basically -- one of the benefits we're getting from SAP in the financial arena is we now have the ability for our accounting organization to handle more locations than they previously were able to handle and produce information that previously they had to go to our IT organization to get, and they can do it themselves. So there are savings that happens as a result of just improved systems.
William C. Gale: I think some people just tend to -- the job design itself, they get tired of doing it the way they were doing it, and they have an opportunity at another company. With our -- the society that we have today, we see more and more people -- 2 couples both with careers, and sometimes there's an impact of people leaving because they -- their significant other has another opportunity somewhere else. So it's just a myriad of things. I think the fact that the economy for professional-level people seems to have picked up a little quicker than for the more of the blue-collar workforces is enabling some of this mobility, too.
William C. Gale: No, they're not going to competitors, Shlomo. They're basically maybe going to other industries or leaving the sales profession. I think, again, I'm going to make the point, you guys are making a bigger deal out of this than I think is necessary. All we're getting -- all we're seeing is approaching our more historical turnover levels that we saw back before the recession.
William C. Gale: Joe, we do not separately break out the growth rates in Europe versus U.S. We just keep it in Document Management in total. Our strategy in Europe, as we mentioned at the last call, was basically to assimilate these acquisitions we've made, to implement some of the techniques that we've been successful with in the U.S. in those businesses over there and focus on improving the profitability of the business. And at this point, we are still encouraged by the potential that exists there. We did not see a deterioration from the second to the third quarter, nor have we seen a significant improvement yet.
William C. Gale: We hope to see it continue to be a source of cash for the next couple of quarters because we did see a significant increase in the inventory about over a year ago when we implemented SAP. So at this time, we would expect there to be a reduction in the overall inventory levels, barring some significant new customer rollout program. But at this point, I don't anticipate increased inventories.
William C. Gale: We have several years left assuming that the system appears to be the correct alternative as we roll it into our business units. But it's a 3, 4 or more year project that we would have.
William C. Gale: I'd say there's been some progress made. The issue we've always had is the chip, a multi-read chip that can withstand the industrial laundry process. And we have experimented with a number of different manufacturers. We made some progress, and then all of a sudden, they don't have the life we expected. So while it is continuing -- continued to be tested in a couple of our operations, we're a long way away from saying we have success and be able to roll it out across the company.
William C. Gale: Well, there's really been no change from our philosophy before. This is a board level directive on how we utilize that cash. We just completed the third quarter where we paid our dividend, 10% increase from the prior year. We have a $225 million debt tranche coming due on June 1. The acquisition pipeline appears to be showing some life again, so there might be opportunities down the road there. And we just bought $500 million worth of stock less than 9 months ago. So the authorization, we've always completed our authorizations over time, and I would say that the board will direct us on what they think is in the best long-term interest of our shareholder.
William C. Gale: They're doing well. The FRC, the flame-resistant garments continue to be successful as government mandates that different industries must put their employees in such garments, and we continue to be the leader in selling those type of customers. The Carhartt business -- or Carhartt relationship continues to be a very successful one. It is enabling us to provide uniform rental programs to companies that, in the past, may not have considered one because they didn't like their offerings, but they do like Carhartt. So while it is not a very, very significant part of our rental business, it is an important part, and we continue to feel very good about it.
William C. Gale: Well, that presents an interesting dilemma, because you've got such what appears to be very cheap, let's say, very inexpensive debt available to you, and yet we also have a very strong cash flow business. So it becomes a point, well, how long are you willing to sit -- have that cash sitting on the balance sheet, waiting for implementation. So we'll have to consider all of that as we get closer to the summer and decide whether or not it makes sense, and determine whether or not we should refinance and get that cash or just go ahead and use some of the cash we have available and keep our debt capacity available for the future.
William C. Gale: I think the board will certainly consider those potential changes as it decides on the dividend. It also is very interested in listening to some of our long-term big shareholders and what their interests would be. But there are so many variables. Who knows what's going to happen, John? And we really don't have to face that since we don't pay a dividend until the end of the year anyway, and maybe there will be more clarity by that time. But I'm sure, it will be considered.
William C. Gale: The acquisition -- I think they'll be -- the acquisition activity is picking up primarily in the Document Management business and a little bit in the rental business. I think there'll be some opportunities perhaps in our fire business also, down the road. The -- as far as -- what was the last...
William C. Gale: It all depends. Because it depends on the type of acquisition you're getting, what kind of cash flow it's bringing to you, EBITDA. We absolutely could become more leveraged, but we also have to balance that with the ratings that we want to maintain with the rating agencies that give us access to a lot of capital. So I would tell you that it would all depend on what the use of the leverage would be as to how comfortable we are on getting to a certain level. If it's buying a company that's going to generate a lot of cash and that leverage will quickly come back down, we would take a much different view than if it's just a permanent leveraging up of the balance sheet.
William C. Gale: Thank you all for joining us this evening. And I just want to remind you, we will plan on releasing our fourth quarter earnings sometime in mid- to late July.
J. Michael Hansen: The energy-related costs in total were down from last year by about 30 basis points. But some of the leveraging that we have seen was offset by some rising -- rise in material cost. Our cotton impact has accelerated as we expected it to from the first and second quarter. And so we're seeing a little bit of that as well.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, from a gross margin standpoint, Gary, the good news is we're still -- we still have fewer wearers today than we have pre-recession, which means we have more processing capacity than we did before. We also...
J. Michael Hansen: Gary, to kind of finish the thought I had before, we've got a lot of production capacity. And a lot of the revenue that we're adding like hygiene services, chemical business, tile and carpet cleaning does not require any laundry facility capacity. And so we still think that we can get leverage going forward from a gross margin standpoint. Now there may be ups and downs because of material costs ups and downs, maybe due to cotton, but we still think there is some leverage opportunity in our gross margin and in our production facilities. And if you think about the fact that we still haven't seen a significant amount of customer hiring, if our customers start to hire and we get a lot of adds at existing stops, we're going to see even better margin impact there. So keep in mind a lot of that higher -- some of the highest margin revenue left us during the recession and has yet to come back. So we still have some gross margin opportunity. In the SG&A, if you think about some of the cost that maybe we didn't have in the earlier part of the 2000s, which were stock option expensing, medical wasn't as high, there may be some reasons for not getting all the way back to the SG&A levels that we saw, but still some leverage over the next couple of years.
J. Michael Hansen: We haven't seen any further deterioration in the European business. It's still a very difficult operating environment. And we expect improvements going forward, but it wasn't quite as bad as the second quarter, but still not where we want it to be.
J. Michael Hansen: Shlomo, some of the -- it gets a little bit problematic to compare different quarters. So for example, in our first quarter, we have some expenses that don't normally occur throughout the year like some management meetings, some sales meetings. And so there are some things that cause maybe first quarter SG&A be a little bit higher than third quarter. But generally speaking, we are -- we continuously look at all of our processes, particularly in our G&A area. And we continue to ask, is it value-added? In other words, is it something that the customer wants? And if not, then we look for new ways of doing things where we eliminate things. And that can go towards processes, all different kinds of expenses that we have in SG&A. So we're always looking just for every line item.
J. Michael Hansen: Shlomo, just one last point on the SG&A. One thing to keep in mind, if you compare first quarter to third quarter, for example, is we do have one less workday. And that means one less day of labor and other related expenses. So just keep that in mind as you kind of analyze quarter-to-quarter.
J. Michael Hansen: But it doesn't -- from the standpoint of a workday, it doesn't matter, Shlomo. If you've got fewer workdays, you're paying less.
J. Michael Hansen: You know, Joe, we buy fabric all the time. And that's kind of entering our supply chain at varying levels, and I wouldn't say that we bought all of our fabric last year at the highest prices. We're kind of getting average prices, and they're rolling through at varying levels depending on the turns of the various inventory. But generally speaking, I would not expect to get a benefit in the next couple quarters from that in our Direct Sale business. And in our uniform rental business, we're going to continue to see kind of an accelerating number through probably midyear fiscal '13.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, David, when paper prices are relatively high, so at this past summer's levels, the pricing for the service gets very competitive because some providers look at it as a paper collection. And so the service pricing gets very competitive. As we see the prices come down and stay at this $150 level, it will bring some discipline back into that service pricing, which we believe is a better long-term range for our business. So we would expect that some discipline will get back into the service pricing, and we can focus more on providing the security to this business that it really needs.
J. Michael Hansen: Yes. Without giving any particular timing and specific numbers, because we haven't really provided those, we think there is a fair amount of leveraging opportunity in our operations in all of our businesses. And so we do think that that’s still is an opportunity going forward. It may bounce up and down from quarter-to-quarter, but we think there's some good opportunity there. From an SG&A, you've seen that number come down pretty dramatically over the last 6 or so quarters. And that rate of improvement will likely not continue.
