Bill Gale: Good day and thank you for joining us for our discussion of our third quarter fiscal 2010 results. For the quarter ending February 28, 2010, total revenue was $862 million, a 3.7% decrease from the third quarter revenue of fiscal 2009 when adjusting for the one less work day in this year’s third quarter versus last year. Earnings per share were $0.32 versus $0.47 a year ago. This is $0.01 higher than the upper end of our previously issued guidance. We are pleased to see the stabilization in the economy and the significant reduction in job losses. In fact, our total revenues have been relatively comparable over the last four quarters when adjusting for work day differentials. We find this development encouraging, but at the same time, we expect job recovery to be sluggish. We have updated our internal estimates with our third quarter actual results and continue to believe that our previously released fourth quarter guidance is appropriate. Therefore we are reiterating our guidance for the fourth quarter of revenue between $870 million to $890 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.30 to $0.34. Our businesses have been greatly impacted by the large number of job losses and facility closures that have occurred since early in calendar 2008. During this time, we continue to focus on taking care of our customers, but working also to reduce our cost structure and conserve cash. The price environment remains extremely competitive. Despite the most significant recession since the 1930s, we are pleased to report that our financial condition has strengthened, leaving us with over $550 million in cash and marketable securities and with no short-term debt. Our ratio of net debt to capitalization improved to 9%, down from over 21% a year ago. Reflecting the strong cash flow and confidence in our business, last week we paid an annual dividend of $0.48 per share, continuing our practice of raising the dividend every year since going public in 1983. We continue to be very disciplined in making acquisitions, but continue to search for great opportunities at good values. During this quarter, in addition to some small US-based document management and fire service acquisitions, Cintas expanded its presence in the Document Management business in Europe by purchasing a company in Belgium. Combined with our prior European acquisitions in the Netherlands and Germany, we continue to see great opportunities with this business in Northern Europe. We wish to express again our sincere appreciation to all of our employees who we call partners. They are to be complimented for their unwavering focus on taking care of the customer and making Cintas the strong company it is and will continue to be. With me today is Mike Thompson, Cintas’s Vice President and Treasurer, and Mike Hansen, Cintas’s Corporate Controller. After some comments from Mike Thompson and Mike Hansen, we will open the call to questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC.
Bill Gale: Well, generally speaking, I would tell you that ads have improved over the last couple of quarters to basically equate to the stops. So we are very close to having a neutral impact on that for several weeks over the last couple quarters. So that’s a positive sign. Now, keep in mind, some of those ads -- or a lot of those ads are not necessarily new wares, but rather our additional products and services at existing customers. As far as pricing is concerned, I think as we mentioned in our comments, it continues to be very, very competitive. And we are finding it probably one of the most aggressive price environments that we have seen for quite some time. Meaning that many of our competitors are in our customers at the end of a contract and offering very low prices. We are finding some difficulty in obtaining price increases during the contracts themselves. And as we get new business, we are often meeting very competitive environment and having to basically get business with lower prices than what we would have seen several years ago. We think a lot of this is due to the desire on the part of our competitors to keep volume in their facilities and cover their fixed costs. So we expect this to continue for some time, but hopefully we will resume to more traditional pricing in the not too distant future.
Bill Gale: Well, I would tell you, some of the larger national players are really the ones who are most aggressive. But in order to keep business, we are finding local and regional players are having to meet much of this price competition also.
Bill Gale: Ashwin, we will intend to break that into further segments as they get larger. At this time, we’re just going to report on the Document Management business in total since it’s just about 8% of our revenue. But given its growth and its growth potential, I would say that at some point in the future we will be giving more detail there.
Bill Gale: Well, we are really not very aggressive on the storage side. Our growth is primarily coming from shredding side. So our capital spending is mostly with trucks and with plant-based shredding and bailing systems.
Bill Gale: And keep in mind, most of the costs that we are seeing in the third quarter tends to be late in calendar ’09. And as you get near the end of a calendar year, employees often will use more medical expenses than they otherwise like. But I will remind you that our medical expenses in the first quarter were about 4.4% of our revenue, dropped in the second, but then kind of came back up to this level of 4% here in the third quarter. So it is something that we are continuing to monitor, and we had some plan changes go into effect January 1 that we believe will help us control costs as we move through 2010, but they really haven’t get yet.
Bill Gale: Well, I think a lot of it depends on what happens with the top line. If we continue to see stabilization in the business, I think you will see improvement in those margins, assuming that there is no big energy spike -- energy cost spike. So our expectations are that we will begin to see some leverage on those margins as we go forward. And we are hopeful that that will take place.
Bill Gale: Yes, we are still very interested, and we are continuing to evaluate various chips and various processes within our R&D group. I can tell you that right now we do not have a viable economic solution, but we still think the potential exists and we are continuing to invest in looking for that.Justin Haki – Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Gale: As far as capital allocation, our current thought continues to be to invest for growth in the company, both for internal growth as well as for acquisitions. You notice that we did ramp up the acquisitions a bit in the third quarter, as opportunities presented themselves that had been not really there earlier in the 2009. And we expect that to continue. So if we cannot make good acquisitions and utilize this cash that would be in the best long-term interest of our shareholders, then the Board is committed to look at other ways to get return back to our shareholders. That means by our stock, increasing the dividend, whatever it will take to make sure that we generate an adequate return for the shareholders. But right now, we believe that acquisitions will become more and more available at reasonable prices in the not too distant future, and we hope to take advantage of that.
Bill Gale: We’ve got excess capacity in our plants and in our routes and obviously within our stock rooms, meaning that we have a lot of garments that are continuing to be amortized that could -- that aren’t generating any revenue. So if -- as Mike just said, if we just get stabilization with an existing customer, you are going to see an improvement in gross margins just from that because we will not have to keep shuffling around trying to advantage the capacity as much as we are having to do. So I think that’s the first sign of really an improvement. And then as we can obtain other new customers and begin to make those customers profitable by growing with them, start seeing some churn in the work force, which generate additional revenues for us, people leave jobs and go to other jobs, I think that you will see an improvement going forward.
Bill Gale: It should as long as couple things. Again, we have a very localized service model. So if one market or geographic area would spike, there could be some additional capital required or we were to expand with quicker document management or something or we need to access or obviously not free cash flow, but from acquisitions you could use some cash. But I’d agree to your statement.
Bill Gale: Well, I think it’s gaining traction. A couple perspectives. One is our traditional focus on our part to do it. As Mike mentioned in the commentary, we are now utilizing our professional sales force in addition to our service group to sell into existing customers. So I think that’s helping. I think the second thing is that there is a broader offering of products and services than we’ve ever had in the past. So we have more appeal to customers of doing other things for them. And I think the third thing is that I believe there is a better feeling of what the future holds on the part of our customers and what things look like a year ago or so. So people are beginning to gain some confidence. They are still being conservative, but they are willing to take on some additional offerings now, but maybe a year ago they absolutely were not.
Bill Gale: Nate, in hearing from our sales force, we are hearing there is a lot of interest, and more interest now than there was a year ago or even six months ago. I haven’t really seen it in the numbers yet. But at least as far as interest in verbals, there seems to be some momentum moving forward.
Bill Gale: We actually were pleasantly surprised that the weather had a relatively minor impact on our businesses, especially in the Northeast during the quarter. If you recall, when we put out the guidance in mid-February, we’ve put in an additional caveat that we were concerned what was happening with the weather and how that could impact our businesses. But I have to give it to our operating people and our drivers, they did a phenomenal job of servicing customers. And the impact was less than was thought it could have been when we kept cheering about the horrible snowstorms and closures throughout the Northeast.
Bill Gale: Not at this point. I think we have to continue to keep the relatively broad amount of guidance that we gave you the range, because some many things going to happen in the next 10 to 12 weeks. So I would say that the only comfort area we are in right now is the guidance we just provided.
Bill Gale: The pipeline is certainly fuller than it was last quarter, which was fuller than it was six months ago. So there is a lot of discussions beginning to take place. We are seeing the predominant amount of activity -- or let’s say, activity that where action can be taken on in the document management and in the fire service business. But when I say fire service, I do not include installation. We are looking at strictly the service business itself of the inspection of fire distinguishers, emergency exit lights, et cetera -- kitchen fire suppression system. So that’s where we are focusing on, and there is a lot of acquisition candidates out there albeit most of them are relatively small, but we are targeting them and document management to expand our footprint throughout the US, and then we are now beginning to look at tuck-ins in existing operations. The uniform rental business is still very attractive to us. As we’ve mentioned in several of these calls recently, there was a big disconnect between the sellers and the buyers as to what the business was really doing and what the future held in the short-term, what kind of volume we are buying and how much of it was going to be there six months later or a year later. If stabilization does continue, then I think that the attractiveness of uniform rental will start to increase because we know we will have a better idea of what we are getting. So we are still interested in it. There is tremendous synergies we can get from them. There are some very nice acquisition opportunities, both big and small in the industry. And we will certainly pursue them if they make sense.
Bill Gale: The predominant amount of interest is domestic. International is still relatively small. We have a small team also looking at it. But you’re going to see the majority of the acquisitions I think in the domestic side. As far as what’s held north of the border, it’s a little over $100 million. I think it’s about $140 million.
Bill Gale: Hurdle rates and expectations, when we put together the economics of an acquisition, what our expectations are for growth versus perhaps what others may think, so we take I would say a conservative view of what we believe that business will bring to us, and then obviously that drives the IRR. So that’s where I think the discipline comes in.
Bill Gale: Yes. I think that the -- let's don’t have a short memory here. It wasn’t more than 12 months ago I think many people felt we were dropping into a depression, and there was tremendous concern about the viability of the financial industry in the whole US economy, the world economy for that matter. So, to say that we may be missed an opportunity to buy our stock, I think we were looking at making sure the company could continue to survive and withstand anything that it met. And so it’s really just been very recently that things are starting to look a little bit better, and we are not out of the woods yet. And acquisitions, you don’t just decide day one you are going to start buying companies up and then you will start seeing them happening within a couple months. It takes a while to do the coding and to do the analysis and et cetera. So I think you need to be a little patient and just recognize that we are not going to just rush into something (inaudible) we have confidence in the future and then we know what we are getting makes a lot of sense. And I think hopefully you will begin to see some of that happen, but as I said earlier, to me, if it doesn’t then we will have to deploy the cash somehow than either through buying our stock back or doing some other way of returning -- getting better returns for our shareholders.
Bill Gale: Gary, we have a list. I mean, we have a very extensive list of knowing our competitors in all of the businesses we are in. And we have interest in companies, both large and small in all of our businesses. I would tell you in the fire service business, there really isn’t another big competitor outside of Cintas and Tyco. And I don’t think Tyco is going to be interested in selling their division, and it’s much larger than ours is anyway. But in document management, there are several good sized companies that would be attractive. There are a lot of good regional players that would be attractive. And in uniform rental, I don’t need to tell you that there are some very good sized players. There are some great regional players, and there are still a lot of local players. We know all of -- who they are, and we will certainly pursue those that look like that they could be doable at the right price.
Bill Gale: It covers the gamut of our different service groups and what they can offer. For example, in the uniform, I’d say, the rental business, we’ve expanded our facility services line now to include a lot of hygiene services, a lot of floor care, chemical dispensing, the restroom cleaning services. Those have provided our customers with a lot of different opportunities to outsource some of the services that they need to have done at a price cheaper than what they can indeed do it themselves. So that’s one example. In the first aid and safety and fire service, we are doing a lot of training. Our safety supply sales are growing very nicely. Our -- the external defibrillators continue to do very well. Document Management, we have expanded into doing some imaging work for some of our larger customers. And we do have storage capability in certain markets. So each business has something that can broaden the offerings to the customers that they have or appeal to customers that we have in some of the other businesses.
Bill Gale: We don’t provide details on the guidance for the fourth quarter other than we certainly have indicated we believe everything to continue to be sluggish from the top line, which certainly keeps the bottom line relatively stable other than what happens with energy. Typically when we look forward to energy, we forecast based on where it is at the current time of that guideline announcement. So we have energy factored in at this point at current levels. As far as what happened in the quarter, certainly, as we indicated, the workday adjustment and also this being our third quarter, the holiday always impacts that -- the gross margin in that business And I think certainly, as we discussed with others on the call, we expect it to improve going forward albeit we need the economy to stabilize. So we’re not continuing to chase the route structure et cetera, as jobs lessen, and you continue to lose that very profitable business. And that continues to be, to some degree, existing today. Now it’s not as bad as it was six to nine months ago, but it continues to occur. So if it’s still bad, it’s still worse than last quarter on a go-forward basis when you lose those jobs. We need that to stop and be zero so that we can start generating it on the upside. Certainly, energy did impact us this quarter. So it’s about 20 basis points sequentially. We expect hopefully that will be flattish in the fourth quarter, but that sounds out of our control. I don’t know if that answer it completely your question, but --
Bill Gale: And you’ve been building up to that point throughout the year. So you incur -- you set up your organization at an operation. You start incurring the cost earlier in the year and then the volume builds in the rental business as you go. So that’s always been part of the reason why the fourth quarter has always been some of the strongest. The difficulty for us is just like last year, this year it’s a little bit different world out there and they traditionally have a slightly growing economy or positive and we are still losing jobs. So you need to then count a little bit when you look going forward. That’s why we’ve been a little cautious in those statements.
Bill Gale: Just to remind everyone, I know you know this, Andrew, but all medical cost for every employee in the G&A line, it’s not located in the production or service area, but rather it’s recorded in G&A.
Bill Gale: Well, first off, I want to thank all of you for joining us this evening. And I would also like to announce that Mike Thompson has been asked by our Chief Executive Officer Scott Farmer and our President Phillip Holloman to work in a special operational assignment. During this assignment, which is underway, Mike Hansen will be assisting me with our Investor Relations activity. So while Mike Thompson will be helping us with this quarter’s follow-up, please direct all future requests to either myself or my assistant, Judy Girty. Either Mike Hansen or I will then get back to you as quickly as possible. Thanks again for participating, and we will be announcing our fourth quarter earnings in mid-July.
Mike Thompson: On Suda [ph], certainly it’s across the board we’ve seen increases, but it varies widely. So we’ve certainly seen an increase not only with the reset of payroll taxes, but certainly some of the preliminary hits we’ve seen coming through on the state have been significantly higher. We don’t have a good quantification efficacy. We are still seeing the impact of those. From the healthcare side, certainly we don’t know what’s going to happen with the healthcare legislation coming up this weekend. But we’ve certainly seen some increased usage in this quarter by our employees again. It tends to ebb and flows. There is no real reason other than we have a medical plan our employees are using it.
Mike Thompson: Sure. I’ll start and then Bill will also jump in if he can. Certainly we believe our access to capital has never been better. The market has stabilized. We have $600 million CP line out there being untapped really because there is no reason to tap and put on the balance sheet. We continue to look at acquisition opportunities, but certainly we have plenty of cash in our balance sheet to use. Historically, we’ve gone as high as a 35% to 40% debt-to-capital, and we’re comfortable with that. Right now, our net debt-to-capital is less than 10. So it gives us a lot of space to move. And looking at the current markets, we are certainly in constant communication with our banking group, and we believe we could easily float quite a bit of debt, easily $500 million to -- even up to $1 billion that would do the CP line, not that we hate it today, but you’re talking rates in the 5.5 to 6.0 range depending on the term. Our name in the market has been very good. Whenever we floated CP, it’s never been an issue to put it out to the marketplace and get favorable rates. It’s just funding the opportunity for the need for that cash, and we believe there will be an opportunity in the future.
Mike Thompson: You are saying about that right. Remember, we’ve had to adjust our cost structure dramatically over the last 18 months and done a decent job of doing that given the revenue declines. Certainly, when you rotate that fixed cost we have in place, we remain such that when the revenues grow or stabilize, we will see some other benefits of what we’ve been doing internally. Right now, job losses continue; revenues are still declining to some degree although lessened as far as existing business. So there is still that churn effect going on within Cintas of profitable business of 15 men uniform going to 13 men, while I’m adding in new services, so I’ve got a kind of a double hit and I’m losing profitable business and adding in the first share of an agreement where it’s pretty expensive. As you move forward depending on how much new business you sell with that material cost impact is in the sale cost. You should see gross margins improve especially because of selling below the gross margin line. So we expected to improve again depending on what goes on the marketplace. We need the job loss to be stable at zero versus continuing to drag down. Let’s see if we are getting closer to that. But every time we think the next month is going to be the zero month; it’s still a little bit down. So hopefully we will get there.
Mike Thompson: And the other piece behind that obviously is with that capacity that we have begun utilizing a little better. There is -- we don’t believe there needs to be a significant increase in CapEx or cash flows to just continue to be very positive.
Mike Thompson: Attitudes seem to be much better. I wouldn’t say they are extremely positive, but they are not negative anymore. So they are certainly moving in that direction.
Mike Thompson: We keep getting mixed signals on our KPIs, and we would like to see some trend developing. We just haven’t seen the trend change enough to change -- either tighten that range or change the range. So we feel appropriate to deploy [ph] where it is at this time.
Mike Thompson: Also making sure in a more difficult environment that we look at earn-outs or hold-backs to help us, because again while things are getting less cloudy, they are still cloudy. So we will make sure that we are not the one putting on all the risk on the acquisition many times.
Mike Thompson: That’s strong. Maybe it depends on the circumstance. But certainly if we felt the long-term it was really going to drive future growth and opportunity, we may do that, but for the most part, we understand there is a buy ourselves or buy other potential there. So we’re always looking at both. But again, you can’t look at in a vacuum on a straight financial decision. You’ve got to look out and look at what it’s going to do versus the competition, access to markets that we’re not in today, and also locking up markets that we are in today.
Mike Thompson: Yes, Greg.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Just wondering if you could provide a status of the SAP initiative and what your costs so far have been on that in this fiscal year.
Mike Thompson: There are two things in there. First, the fire installation business was certainly a drag for a couple of years and we’ve exited that business as of last quarter. And certainly the change in the external economic conditions that honestly hit first aid harder than we expected because of the tie in the headcount. So with that drop in revenue that happened very quickly was the other piece over the last 15 months or so has impacted us. So we expect going forward, again depending on what happens in the external economy, but being out of the installation business will certainly help. And then with that, a stabilization in the revenue -- the top line revenue we expected to turn. And certainly we are cognizant of it. We are watching our cost structure there. We believe they are both very good businesses to be in. And again, getting out of the installation business as of last quarter will certainly make the future comparables better.Greg Halter – Great Lakes Review: Okay, thank you.
Mike Thompson: It’s really just volume driven. I think material costs should be okay unless there is a big input [ph] new business, which we’d love to have, by the way. But the material costs should be okay. The service costs should be in line for the most part. Energy cost, I don’t know where it would -- where it’s going to go. So we feel pretty good. Production costs have been pretty consistent.
Mike Thompson: It is typically almost strictly volume driven. We do a little push, because at the end of the year typically in some cases, but it’s typically volume driven because of these extra workdays traditionally.
