William Gale: Well, I'm not sure they're -- Sara, they're really telling us a bunch of what they're plans are. We saw stabilization in our existing customers within the last couple of quarters. And I can just tell you, from reading what you read in the public domain that it seems like most businesses are cautious in adding new employees, and we certainly have seen that with our customers over the last couple of quarters. The good news though, of course, is generally speaking, they're not reducing headcount like they were last year. So we're hoping that perhaps once confidence builds, that we'll begin to see some hiring at existing customers.
William Gale: Well, we're certainly anticipating some improved productivity within our sales organization. We had a very good year this year with improved productivity, so we're thinking that trend will continue. Therefore, that will result in a lower SG&A as a percent of revenue, and that's embedded in our guidance.
William Gale: Well, keep in mind, Gary, we've seen improving organic growth all year. Every quarter has been a little bit better. I'd say that what's driving it are 3 factors. First off, as we've seen in the last couple of quarters, existing customers, generally speaking, have been remaining stable, so we haven't had the drag from them reducing headcount. Secondly, we've got the prospects being more willing to take on the new program. Third, I would say that our lost business rates have improved from what we were seeing in late fiscal '09 and '10. And finally, we've been selective in selling business at good prices and making sure that it's good profitable business, and I think that's helped.
William Gale: That's all it is. We had very nice growth among all our products including the rentals. So I think it's just a rounding issue, Gary.
William Gale: Well, we have confidence in it because I think the impact of these higher costs in commodities, and some of the comments that had been made by some of the competitors in that they're going to have to do something with pricing to offset those cost increases because they're seeing margin deterioration, which we did not see, but they have seen, I think will result in the firming of pricing going forward. So it is an expectation that we're going to see that happening generally across the industry.
William Gale: It's almost all organic, Gary. We do not have any anticipated acquisitions in there. We've got a little bit of carryover effect from acquisitions that we made this year, but the bulk of that is organic growth. And we're not real bullish on the economy, we're just cautiously optimistic that we'll see some improvement, but it's not going to be robust. And we've been saying that for the last several quarters, and it's pretty well proved out what our expectations were. But even with a very modestly improving economy, we still expect, we think, nice organic growth.
William Gale: The answer to your question, Andrew, is that is going to be certainly a topic of discussion at our board. And I know they will review the success that we had at this program, what we have accomplished this year, which is almost $700 million of buybacks this fiscal year. And I assure -- I'm sure if they are inclined to do so, they may provide us with another authorization and parameters on which to execute that. But that will be decided at the -- I'm sure, at the next couple of board meetings.
William Gale: Well, I'd say that the actions give you some indication of what we thought was the best use of our cash and our debt capacity at this time. And that doesn't mean that we are out of the acquisition game, it just means that we felt that this was an opportune time to take advantage of what we thought were good debt markets and an attractive value of our stock. If any acquisitions do come to the table, we will certainly look at them, but they're going to have to meet our hurdle rates, and we're going to have to make sure that they would make sense for our shareholders.
William Gale: We're certainly targeting improved margins. Each of our business units and the operations within each units have plans and expectations of what we want them to achieve. And we're not publicly talking about it, but what we have said is that we certainly are moving toward getting back to margins we used to have. And I think we have shown some success in that regard over the last several quarters, and we will hopefully continue that as we go through the next couple of years.
William Gale: I'm not sure we can quantify that. I think it's some of both. We've certainly been very successful in the introduction of some of the products that Mike mentioned earlier, the Carhartt products, the women's garments. Some of our standard uniforms are still of a quality better than what our competitors can obtain from their third-party sources, so we think that's helped. I believe some of the additional products that Mike mentioned that are within our Rental division have helped. But there certainly is an improvement in business attitude toward taking on these services. I think we've been able to demonstrate that we're able to provide value that is attractive to many companies as they look to reduce their cost, and they see the value they're getting from what we can do for them. And we've got a very good sales group that has, I think, become more tenured and therefore, have become obviously more productive with the vast array of products that we're offering, as well as the value we're providing. So I think it's all of those factors.
William Gale: I don't want to leave that impression. I think, we had a good fourth quarter, it was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. But it really was just building on the momentum we saw earlier in the fiscal year. So we'll see how things go over the next couple of quarters and whether -- we're hopeful that, that trend can continue. And if it is, that certainly would indicate that some of this is caused by better business confidence.
William Gale: No, you're right. It has been reinvigorated with a new relationship we now have with Diversey that has given us the ability and the credibility to get into a lot of the markets that Diversey has been successful in the past. And now that we have the service organization, our partnership with them is going to help us in that regard. So we have been increasing our marketing efforts in making it known. And I think that -- you're going to be very pleased with the results that you're going to see in that as we go forward.
William Gale: We just completed a rollout nationally within our own sales organization just within the last few weeks. So it's just beginning.
William Gale: Well, we are certainly reviewing all of our book prices that our sales people use for new business. And we will be certainly making sure that we're covering our cost increases. We are approaching our customers on the renewal dates of the contract, which allows us to increase prices. And we're certainly talking to them about the cost pressures that we have had. And I think what you need to look at is what competitors do show up in their margins versus what shows up in our margins. So I would just advise you to compare among us and you can kind of see who's doing what.
William Gale: That's the tile and carpet business, and it is growing very well as we continue to roll it across the country. It has a bit of a margin pressure on us, but even with that, you still saw a nice margins in the rental division but it is still relatively small. I mean, it's minuscule in comparison to our Rental business and even into our dust and hygiene business, but we expect it to grow quite nicely throughout the next couple of years. It's just coming from such a low base. It's not really going to impact the overall growth rate for a little while.
William Gale: No, there wasn't. We had a nice improvement over the third quarter mainly because of the volume. We had a nice fourth quarter last year, and there wasn't a lot of structural change.
William Gale: Well, we certainly follow it very closely. Our global supply chain group does that. And the things that we read and hear are that the yields from some of the cotton-growing regions, excluding perhaps Texas, which had a big drought but they're very, very good; expectations are high that yields are going to be good. And then secondly, there has been a diminishment of demand throughout the world. There may have been a little bit of hoarding going on back in the fall, but that appears to have dissipated some. And so you're right, the price -- the spot price of cotton has fallen pretty quickly. And we hope that it continues down at those levels. But we're prepared to handle it however it may present itself. Keep in mind, that just because the price drops down for a couple of weeks or a couple months, there's still was a lot of high-priced stock that was put into fabrics and then ultimately into finished goods that's got to work its way through the system.
William Gale: Well, it would help us as we got into late '12 and '13. And it even starts impacting '14 because of the lead time and the way costs are amortized.
William Gale: Well, there's several things left. SG&A is driven by, obviously, improved productivity of our sales force, but also top line growth covers more of the fixed cost. And a lot of the SG&A, especially the G&A is generally fixed cost that will not increase proportionally with increases in revenues, so that will be a plus. We continue to invest in systems and other productivity initiatives within the company, that will be a plus going forward. And it's an area of focus throughout our organization to minimize any increase in our SG&A and yet continue to increase the top line.
William Gale: We did put in place a, I guess, an interest rate block that we put into place in advance. And the cost of that will be amortized as part of the interest expense over the life of the bonds.
William Gale: Well, no, we don't break that out, Greg, in detail. We will have new facilities. A lot of the capital expectation is really for growth within existing facilities more than brand-new facilities going forward.
William Gale: Well, I think, as we said earlier, we thought that we were buying the best thing available by buying ourselves. And so that was the focus that we had in the quarter.
William Gale: Greg, your assumption is correct. Let me ask you to hold off on that until -- we'll be issuing our 10-K, the end of next week. And included in that is a footnote disclosures with all the restricted shares and the option and their prices. But generally speaking, you're absolutely correct. The additional impact is not that significant.
William Gale: Well, right now, our focus is to work with what we have. We've got presence in 4 countries over there. We've got very good businesses that we acquired, great management teams. And while we would not, not look at another acquisition, I don't think there would be anything significant at this time. It might be some fill-ins for some services that we may not be providing in one particular area that we'd like to have, to complement what we've got. But right now, I think the main emphasis in fiscal '12 is to improve the margins and to grow those businesses.
William Gale: Yes, it was more than just a door business, it's facility services, and it primarily services the retail and commercial industries. That acquisition was made last fall, late fall. It has performed very well. We're continuing to tweak it. And right now, we're very pleased with the results as we incorporate it into our other facilities service offerings.
William Gale: Justin, my expectation is that the timing of the payment of the dividend will continue to occur just like it did last year, where we accelerated the payment from March into December. As far as the amount of the dividend, I think, again, that I have to differ is that will be a decision made by the board. Typically, now under the new time frame, that would be contemplated and made at the October time frame by the board. I would like to also tell you that we've increased the dividend every year since we went public in 1983. And so I'm sure the board will factor the share buyback, the expectations for future results, as well as the results from the previous year when they make the decision on what to declare.
William Gale: Gary, the profitability of the Facility Services business is comparable to the overall profitability that we report in rental. It really depends a lot on different markets. But I think you can make the assumption that Facility Services business will have margins pretty similar to what we obtain in our Garment business, Garment Rental business.
William Gale: We have a plan, Shlomo, internally that we hope to start reducing those inventory levels, all else being equal, as we proceed through fiscal '12. So hopefully, we'll be able to demonstrate that we can reduce those inventories back to more appropriate levels in line with our revenues as we proceed throughout '12.
William Gale: Well, we certainly have targets, but it's very complicated because we have inventory that ranges from raw fabric to in-process inventory to finished goods in all of our different businesses. And we certainly have individual goals and expectations as a result of that. But for me to just give you a general number, there is so much different stuff in there. It wouldn't be meaningful, and I really would not want to start providing that on an ongoing basis.
William Gale: Yes, we are working right now, Shlomo, on implementing SAP at a couple of our different business units. And we will begin converting those later this fall and through the winter on kind of a very measured basis. We'll do some of the operations each month. So as we get later into fiscal '12, we'll be able to report to you on how well we're doing with that, and is it going according to plan. We're still in the final testing and design phase -- or the final testing phase is right now. And hopefully, we'll start some pilot implementations here in the next few months. And then if those are successful, then we'll start rolling out on a more aggressive basis as we complete the year.
William Gale: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. We're very pleased with these results, and we are very happy with the momentum that our company has achieved here over the last several quarters. We look forward to an even better results as we move into fiscal '12, so we look forward to talking to you again in September, late September when we release our first quarter results.
J. Hansen: Well, the one thing to keep in mind, James, is that we do have the extra interest from our $500 million in debt. So there is margin expansion if you look at the EBIT levels.
J. Hansen: And certainly within that Rental business, our new -- some of our newer product and services are helping too, the Carhartt business, the womenswear garments, the tile and carpet, our chemical business. So we've gotten a broad increase throughout that product line.
J. Hansen: Well, to answer your first question, Scott, the $5 million for fiscal '13 is incremental on top of the less than $15 million in fiscal '12. So because we have that amortization effect, it kind of pushes the full impact of some of the higher prices that we've seen. As it relates to the different factors, we're going to continue to look at all of them. There's a lot that can happen in the next 12 months, particularly as it relates to cotton yields, the demand for cotton. And so we're going to be keeping our eyes on all of those different factors and working to make sure that we minimize the impact going forward.
J. Hansen: We have not at this point. We certainly are always challenging the construction of our garments, but we have not made any significant changes at this point.
J. Hansen: And when we -- we've talked a little bit about our programmer versus no-programmer numbers. And in the recession, we saw that come down to about a 50-50 level. And we're encouraged that in the last quarter or so, we've seen a movement back towards 60% no programmer to 40% programmer. And I think it speaks to some of the success we've had with our new products and services in really selling the value of those to customers that haven't had a program in the past.
J. Hansen: Yes, actually, we're in about 90. We're going to be able to service about 90 of the top 100 markets.
J. Hansen: We will typically plan for, Greg, about 0.5 million shares with just everything that, restricted stock that gets issued and some stock options. But you're right in your assumptions.
J. Hansen: Correct, yes. So when I mentioned, I believe it was Uniform Rental of 51%, that's 51% of the 70% of the Rental segment.
J. Hansen: Justin, one of the issues we have with breaking that business out separately is that much of it is on the same route as either a facilities services mat route, or in some cases, on a uniform route. And so we have some difficulty in coming up with the specific product line results, and so that's the difficulty right now. We will certainly continue to look at it. And if it becomes feasible, we'll think about breaking that out.
