Mike Hansen: Well, Hamzah, I would say that the industry is always very competitive and it will continue to be so. As it relates to the customer attrition or retention, I don't know that I expect much of a difference there, but let me speak a little bit towards revenue; our thoughts on revenue in general. So, when we think about the Cintas business as we move forward, we have no expectations for change. We continue to expect growth in that mid-to-high single-digits. When we think about the G&K revenue though, you can think about it in terms of there's a new business component, there is the kind of customer penetration, and there's a lost business or attrition component, in the normal course of doing business. And as we move forward, we're going to continue to have that customer attrition that we've seen in -- that G&K has seen historically, and that we'll likely see continue into the future. There will likely be a little bit of an increase due to disruption of the integration, but generally speaking I would say not a lot of change. The difference though will be the new business component. So as you can kind of think about new business and the G&K sales team over the course of the last seven months, they have been trying to sell in an environment where selling a five-year contract under kind of an uncertain future is, as you could imagine is quite difficult. So the new business component certainly has been pressured quite a bit over the last seven months. As we move into now the post-closing process, that momentum carries into our post-closing process. In addition, as we think about their sales people, you can imagine that the difficulty in selling new business and contractual new business in the environment resulted in some attrition. And so as we move forward, we will need to hire new people to replace some of those sales people, but also train all of their sales people as we move forward. So training them on selling our products and services, training them on our systems, using our processes et cetera and there certainly will be a productivity -- a negative productivity impact. So as we look forward, we will continue to probably see the normal customer attrition that the business has seen, maybe a little bit higher. But we will also see some significant pressures on the new business. And so as we think about that moving forward, our experience has been for years and years that we will see some pressure to the point where we may see revenue come down in the 5% to 10% range over the course of the next year or so.
Mike Hansen: Well, as you probably have seen, we talked about $130 million to $140 million in annual synergies, fully realized in year four. We have also talked about this being fully accretive or accretive in our second full year. That would be our fiscal '19. As we move forward, we certainly have had a lot of assumptions about those synergies, but I will tell you over the course of the last seven months, one thing that I need to make sure is clear, is we have been operating as two separate companies, and that was a requirement, so that we were not jumping ahead of the regulatory process. And I tell you that because we are just now -- we just closed yesterday. We are just now getting into the confirming of our assumptions, and we need to do that before we can provide more timing, more specific timing on the synergies. But we do feel like we will be accretive in year two, and in year one we are going to have some onetime expenses that are non-recurring in nature; things like rebranding, asset impairments, severance, lease breakage type thing and we're going to be going to work over the course of the next several months, really confirming what those amounts will be. Once we do that, once we confirm our assumptions for the integration plan, we'll have a better idea of what fiscal '18 will look like and our expectation would be we certainly share that in July. But having said all of that, we certainly do think that there will be synergies in year one. We’re just not ready to provide any specific numbers.
Mike Hansen: I would say that we would likely have either left them the same or possibly narrowed by bringing the bottoms up a little bit. So third quarter, we are very pleased with the third quarter. I think we’ve got some nice momentum and execution going on in the business and we are poised to have a good fourth quarter.
Mike Hansen: As a relates to why not provide some sort of guidance, whether it’s cash or something else. Joe, we’re going to get busy right away and we’re going to get busy on the integration items. And as we do that, the businesses blur. It’s not like we’re going to go through the next two and slightly over two months and have two distinct businesses still by the end. They are going to get blurred, because we’re bringing them together and we’re going to be doing quite a bit of integration work. And it just -- it becomes very, very difficult to keep those pieces separate. And because of that we're not -- I don’t like the idea of trying to dissect that. If we do come up with the purchase accounting results during the quarter and we feel that we're in a position to provide them, you may see us do that, but our first goal is to really understand it and get it right and then provide.
Mike Hansen: As we've talked about, yes. We think that's fair and it probably -- we would probably have narrowed it by bringing the bottom up. We feel good about the fourth quarter and the third quarter I think is very indicative of the second half of the year that we expected to have. So yes, the answer to your question is yes. 
Mike Hansen: The amortization period will be 10 years most likely. We expect that to be in the range of about 3% to 4% of the deal value. And would it be accretive without that? I think yes. I think the answer Andrew is yes, that you can kind a think about that as a what, $66 million to $88 million annual number. It will be fairly a large non-cash number. 
Mike Hansen: That will be our goal yes. We will likely provide GAAP guidance but we will -- our goal will be to give you some of these large items to give you a sense of what the performance detail will look like.
Mike Hansen: We have not included any revenue synergies in that $130 million to $140 million. Those are cost synergies and they come in four primary buckets and in no particular order. We think of them in terms of material cost. So, a sourcing benefit. We think of them in terms of production improvements. So, the more efficient use of capacity. We think of them in terms of the route density allowing us to use less fuel because of more dense routes. And then we think about it in terms of overhead and the reduction of duplicate overhead. Did not include any revenue synergies in that amount. And one of the reasons we didn’t is because we need to get through the integration work. We need to get them on to our systems. We need to optimize the routes and we need to have our new G&K partners really trained and comfortable in selling our product line, and that takes a little bit of time.
Mike Hansen: We do expect the benefit to be bigger. We are -- first of all the additional revenue certainly provides better leverage over the system. But certainly, operating on one system in total certainly will create additional benefits for us. And the better visibility into all of our new customers will certainly help us in terms of identifying cross seller penetration opportunities, identifying where certain industries we are -- customers in certain industries where we believe we have got a good product mix to provide value, but certain customers in that industry don’t have some of those. We think there is a lot of opportunity, and certainly by adding the G&K volume, that certainly helps it out.
Mike Hansen: We think there is a lot of runway there. As Paul said about two thirds of our new business comes from that no-programmer segment, and it's been that way for a long time. The -- we have talked a little bit about what that no-programmer may look like. It could be outdoor trades, people that are now renting our Carhartt products. It could be culinary people now renting our Chef Works product, it could be healthcare workers now renting our scrub rental programs. There are lots of opportunities there and there will continue to be. The margin profile is I would say is not significantly different from any other type of account, but certainly we know that with all of our customers the more penetration that we can take -- that we can have, the product and services that we can add to them, the more valuable those stocks become. Usually the lesser the probability that they leave us because we are more fully penetrated. So once we sell any account, penetration becomes really important afterwards.
Mike Hansen: I would -- so first of all, I don’t know the penetration of G&K. Again, we haven’t had visibility and insight until really starting today, and we’ll start to learn that more and more. So it’s hard for me to try to estimate what any revenue penetration might be. We have told -- we have talked a lot about, if you think about our Uniform Rental customers for example, the highest penetrated item is our mats, entrance mats. And I would say about 60% of our Uniform Rental customers have entrance mats. That doesn’t mean they have as many as we believe that they should we have, but it means they have at least some presence in the entrance mat. In addition to that, all of our other products are less than 20% penetrated. So we have a lot of runway on our own and I would suspect that G&K’s profile is from a Uniform Rental and match, is probably not a lot different than ours, although that is purely a guess. And I would say that the broader line for us likely in the hygiene and the chemical cleaning First Aid and Safety Fire Protection, those become nice opportunities. I don’t have any kind of information as far as qualifying that, because we just don’t know enough about those customers. And an example would be, I want to see, or we would want to see the profile of the G&K customers. And that’s when we start to analyze or look for the opportunities in terms of what are the products and services we can provide to that. So we need some time to be able to do that. As it relates to your second question of retention, again don’t have specifics on that, but I would say that they are probably not two different from ours. Although, I would suggest that because our growth rate is so much higher than the industry in general, that our retention is likely a little bit better.
Mike Hansen: So your first question is, yes. I would say almost all of that revenue and operating income would fall into the rental segment. As it relates to the second question, we will give some thoughts on SAP, when we provide our guidance in July. But I would suggest that it’s going to be lower than 40 to 45 for -- probably because, we’ve seen that we’ve been a little bit more efficient this year than we expected. And the additional -- any additional costs related to an integration of G&K will come in the way of length and integration or implementation process. So I wouldn't expect that it drives up our costs in fiscal '18. I would just -- I think we talked a little bit about it drives the implementation process into fiscal '19. So we'll see a little bit of -- a little bit more expense in '19 than we initially expected, because of the duration with G&K. But again, the process has been going well and we've been spending less than we expected, and I would expect that results in lower numbers for '18. 
Mike Hansen: I would say from a -- what are we seeing differently. From an economic standpoint, I would say that our third quarter from an economy standpoint didn't really feel any different than our first two quarters of this fiscal year, other than there has been a lot of sentiment about maybe the new administration being a little bit more pro-business et cetera. But I would say I'm not sure that's translated much into what we've seen on the street. Having said that it's been a constructive environment, and with the exception of the oil and gas vertical, which we've in fact seen get a little bit better, we haven't seen much of a change one way or the other. And because of that, as you've seen, we've continued to execute well and continued at maybe organic growth levels of the first half of the year and in fact even a little bit better. And I think that is simply as Paul mentioned good execution, good new business productivity. Our sales people are doing a great job.  As it relates to your second question of are we seeing any irrational behavior, I would just say that it's always very competitive. Once we get into the to talk more of our G&K partners, we may find that it's -- it was a probably a little bit more aggressive on G&K customers. But we certainly know when an acquisition is announced the competition gets very aggressive around the acquired customers. And I would say that's kind part for the course.
Mike Hansen: I think Jeff, as Paul mentioned, we've made an investment in our sales team there. ZEE did not have a sales team and so we've -- as we came out of the system conversion, it was time to start really selling in a little bit more -- well, in higher volumes and that's what we did. We invested to be able to do that. Do we have the confidence that those margins can get into those mid to high teens? We certainly do and if you go back to our fiscal '15 results, we were at about 13.8 for the year of fiscal '15, but the last three quarters all exceeded 14%. And with the addition of the ZEE business, that certainly is going to benefit us long term and we really like the business. It's doing exactly what we would expect that it should do, and those margins will continue to improve.
Mike Hansen: Well thank you for joining us tonight. We'll issue our fourth quarter earnings in mid-July and we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Good night.
Paul Adler: Yes. Joe, it’s Paul. You are right, the 15 basis points is part of the math. I would say in addition to that, we had a very good strong quarter from a new business perspective, especially as it related to garments. And so not only do you benefit from the new business in terms of that additional recurring revenue, that you will receive from the garments going forward over these five-year agreements, but we have new business installed related to garments. You also have some good revenue in terms of peripheral charges, incentive fees and emblem costs. So that definitely helped as well. But really outside of that Joe, there was nothing extraordinary. It’s just the continuation of execution that the game plan, quality service, retention remained strong, a very strong organic revenue growth quarter, something we’re proud of, given all the excitement of the pending acquisition. But just continuation of what we’ve done the last six years of growing top-line and that 5% to 7% organically, and again proud of those growth rates compared to the competition, which has been posting much, much smaller organic growth rates.
Paul Adler: Definitely new businesses continue to be the strongest driver of the growth. As we've said it, new business in terms of new customers; we're still selling that 60/40 split of 60% of the new business wins, our new programmers versus the 40% taking market share. So that's been very consistent through this year and really in the near past as well. New business also includes the penetration of our existing customers. That is certainly part of our vision and that continues at a very good pace. A lot of the hygiene products that we've talked about in the past, our Sanis signature series, new offering in the last couple of years, that's really helped us with penetration. Retention has been roughly 95%. So still strong, no significant change in that. So, really no significant movement in any of the key component of organic growth drivers.
Paul Adler: And to add to that. More benefits and then really not a lot of significant additional costs; that's the beauty of the acquisition. Just another positive is that we get to leverage G&K over that existing $140 million spend. So, we'll have some have additional licensing costs, nominal amount but the capital investment is not going to increase.
Paul Adler: Yes Jeff, First Aid we were pleased with the results overall. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, we felt like last quarter that we had hit a bottom, and that became reality and then we expect those organic growth rates to continue to climb. That business should grow in the high single-digits. That's what it grew coming into ZEE, and that's what we expect going forward. In terms of the margins though, we're -- the gross margins continue to improve. We mentioned in the prepared remarks, how much the dollars are up over couple of years, 50 some odd percent, 18% year-over-year increase in gross margin dollars. The incremental gross margins have been very strong. Last year they were in the 30% range. This year last two quarters they were 100%. So gross margins are moving along as we expected, as we continue to realize those synergies. SG&A we do have a little bit of heavier investment in the selling part of that component. As we mentioned in our first quarter we invested in the sales force to be able to grow that acquired big block of ZEE business. And they've only been there what, a quarter or two at most. They'll continue to become more productive; they'll grow that top line, we'll get that leverage and so we are optimistic about not only the top line growth but the margin improvement going forward.
