Mike Hansen: We finished fiscal ‘19 a little bit over $100 million for the year, a little bit better than we expected at the beginning of the year. And I would expect that in fiscal ’20, we’ll get to the neighborhood of $135 million, which is right in the middle of the range that we guided to three years ago when we announced the G&K deal. So we feel great about achieving the synergies we initially set out to do. If we can get to that 135 in fiscal ’20, that's a year ahead of schedule, we had talked about a four year plan, and so we feel really good about achieving that. The lifting, the heavy lifting that's left continues to be the route optimization that will continue in fiscal ‘20. That's, as we've talked about over the last few years, that's not a source of significant synergies. We will get some energy benefits as we eliminate mileage on our routes, but we certainly are growing and need to continue to add capacity on route. So all in all, Greg, we feel great about where we are in that G&K integration.
Mike Hansen: Well, we, I would say this, we -- I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks that we look for opportunities in image, safety, cleanliness, and compliance and those are some pretty good umbrellas to be covering for our customers, and there are a lot of opportunities there. As we've seen over the years, we have had product adjacencies in all of our businesses and we're continuing to look for those under those four umbrellas that I mentioned. And certainly, we're looking for other things that may also be included under those umbrellas that could be possibly a different route structure or what have you. But, we're being disciplined and we want to make sure that there is long term value that there's a big market opportunity for any new type of product adjacency or business. We certainly, as you mentioned, we are at our two times leverage kind of a goal, and we've got a strong balance sheet and so we're going to be looking for opportunities to deploy that cash and certainly acquisitions and other investments in our product lines are right at the top of our list. So we'll be looking for opportunities.
Mike Hansen: Well, we feel pretty good about the macro; still, the environment still feels pretty conducive to sell new business to continue to penetrate and you see with our fourth quarter revenue results, as well as the guidance that we've given that we feel pretty good about the momentum that we have in the business and that we’ll continue into our fiscal ‘20. We look at GDP for calendar ‘19, it’s still above expectations or still above 2%. If you think about the last nine years, that's the neighborhood in which we've performed and we've had a pretty good nine year period where we have grown in excess of that GDP and employment. So we still like the macro environment. In the last quarter, we've seen just under 500,000 jobs being created in the last six months, a million in the last year, 2 million. And so the job growth has continued to be pretty good as well. So Toni, we like the environment and as you can see by our fourth quarter and our guidance, we like the momentum in the business.
Mike Hansen: So, from a margin perspective, our guidance would imply something in the way of low-to-mid 17s as a company, and we're certainly striving within each of our businesses to grow margins and that's our expectation. That margin expectation for fiscal ‘20 would include some pretty good incrementals as a total business. And so, we continue to look for opportunities and expect improvements in that.  From an SAP cost perspective, we’ll continue to roll that system out this fiscal year. And we've talked about some of those rollout costs rolling off after fiscal ‘20. That's been somewhere in the, let's call it, $10 million to $12 million because we've talked about SAP costs from a few years ago, increasing about 25, about half of which has been costs that are related to the rollout whether it's training, consultants, et cetera. So we do expect that some of that will roll off in fiscal ‘21.
Mike Hansen: Kevin from a tariff standpoint, there certainly has been a lot of noise in the tariff environment, and -- but I would say, certainly a little bit of impact, not a lot, the noise around Mexico kind of came and went. China, while we have seen a lot of noise and seen some tariffs, we have not been too affected by the first couple of buckets of those tariffs. But we're not immune to additional tariffs that might happen. We have to stay ahead of those things and so we're seeing a little bit of it. But there's probably more noise than impact. From a labor perspective, we have certainly seen some impact market by market especially. I wouldn't say that it's been significant. We do, in our production or our plant’s environment, we do see a little bit more difficulty in hiring people. But generally speaking, the pressures that we've seen have been not significant and we've been able to deal with them quite well so far. We're certainly going to need to continue to keep our eyes on all of the tariff information that's going on, though as we move forward.
Mike Hansen: No, and quite honestly, Gary, I'm not sure that I would agree. I think if you think about that margin improvement, that's, let's call it low to mid 17s compared to 16.7 for fiscal ‘19 would imply, at the midpoint, roughly incrementals right around 30%. That's at the high end of where we've talked about being. If you strip out those incremental synergies, you're still above 20% at the midpoint. So we feel we're right where we want to be with those operating margins and we do expect continued improvement even without the synergies, but inclusive of the synergies, we like the margin expansion quite a bit. Keep in mind, Gary, keep in mind that when we compare, if you're backing from EPS, we've got a $0.14 headwind in the higher tax rate than in fiscal ‘18 and then as you mentioned, we've got the $0.06 headwind from the one less work day. So if you're backing in from EPS, you got to keep in mind, there's a $0.20 headwind. 
Mike Hansen: Yeah. And I would say from a synergy standpoint, Gary, I would -- we think about it as 105 to 135. So about a $30 million improvement.
Mike Hansen: Sure. There is a learning curve. No question about it. This is a system that is heavily data dependent and we have to change our business processes locally to be able to use that system most efficiently. So, there is a drag in terms of, we talked about an eight month planning process prior to implementation, there's also a period of time afterwards where we're getting efficient at using the system. So it certainly is a process and a lot of change going on.  From a local perspective, I think we are seeing some incremental benefits like new portable route computers for our SSRs and so there are some incremental benefits that are probably more on the minor side. I think from the ability to manage the information, we would typically do that at greater than a one location at a time type of a look. And so the more we get on, the more we can begin to look at different regional groupings and take advantage of the power of that information. So I think most of that is going to come as we move into ‘21 and ‘22.
Mike Hansen: Yes, you're right, Gary. It will be quite a bit lower. I would probably think of it in terms of a kind of a 12% to 13% type of a range and a lot of that will depend on the level of stock compensation benefits based on the price of our stock, the performance of the stock, but you're right, it'll be much lower than the rest of the year.
Mike Hansen: Sure. So, for fiscal 20, our new business efforts are generally the driver of our revenue growth in all of our businesses and we like the opportunities there particularly in that no programmer space, we can get to that no programmer space with our unique garments, with our unique garment solutions like our scrub systems and we think there's a big opportunity there. So, we expect that to continue to drive the growth like it has for years past, but the penetration remains good. It's when we can provide a good product and articulate the value to our customers. They certainly have shown that they're willing to spend, so that certainly will be important for us, but it's led by the new business efforts. From a fourth quarter perspective, those under penetrated verticals continue to perform very well: healthcare, education, the government sectors, they continue to perform very well. We are focused on those areas, particularly with our sales efforts. And we're encouraged by what we have seen in ‘19 and expect good things out of those verticals also in fiscal ‘20 and beyond.
Mike Hansen: We certainly have made progress in fiscal ‘19 in terms of some penetration, it's hard. I'm not going to provide any specific penetration because so much of that volume is intermixed with legacy Cintas volume. However, we certainly have seen that our penetration has been strong. Our hygiene growth has been strong for the year. And so we are encouraged and believe that we've made some good headway there and expect to continue that in fiscal ‘20. But I would say, overall, we're pleased.
Mike Hansen: Andrew, it's a pretty competitive environment still out there. And I'll give you an example. When we're out there selling work wear, for example, our customers have lots of options and, and so there is a retail option, where we're seeing billions of dollars being spent at retail, large retailers, we're seeing direct sale options where those competitors can design and manage programs and we're seeing the rental option as well. So our customers have alternatives and options. And so we have to continue to innovate and create good garments and other products, we've got to be able to articulate the value of what we do versus a retail environment versus a direct sale program. And we've got to follow through on that great service. So the point Andrew is, our customers still have lots of options. The competition is certainly out there, and is available to them and we've got to make sure that we are providing the right value. And so all of that competition keeps, it's a bit of a governor on what we can do with pricing. And so while we are looking for the best price and we sell profitable new business, there certainly is competition that keeps that pricing in a bit of a tighter range.
Mike Hansen: Sure, our pecking order is just as we said, and we are certainly looking for opportunities, but I'll tell you, Seth, our cash flow was really good. In the fourth quarter, our cash flow from operations was just under $400 million. In the third quarter, it was $325 million. So $725 million in the second half of the year. So cash flow has been really good. And, look, we like to put that to work. We would love to be, we have continued to invest in the business. We would love to find acquisitions. We are aggressively working on those, but we can do the buyback that we just did in the fourth quarter and still do execute on a large acquisition if it became available. So it's a little bit opportunistic. We like the momentum in the business, the average of those, the average buyback was something in the way of just under $220 million for the fourth quarter. And based on where our stock sits today, it feels like a pretty good move for us. So I think it's opportunistic, we’ll continue to look at it this way. But we certainly love investing in the business and we love to make acquisitions as well.
Mike Hansen: We certainly do. If you think about the fourth quarter, one of the call outs that Paul made was our stock compensation expense. Our stock continues to perform very, very well and we love that. But it does result in greater stock comp expense, it was higher by about 30 basis points than last year. When we have a good stock performance, we generally will also get a lot of stock option exercises, which we had in the fourth quarter, which was why our tax rate was a little lower than guided. And when we have those exercises, because they are non-qualified stock options, there is an employer portion of payroll tax. And so when you combine those things, it's a little bit of a headwind. We don't mind it because of the stock performance, but it was there. For the year, our SG&A was down 30 basis points, and we certainly do expect to get leverage in fiscal ‘20 and beyond. That doesn't mean it's going to happen every quarter, but certainly over the course of the year, we expect it.
Mike Hansen: Well, two things. First of all, the upside, I've mentioned a few times in the past, we think is coming, will come from our sourcing environment, as we kind of combine the G&K spend, legacy G&K spend and our spend. We have seen some of that heavy lifting that is rolling into our P&L and will continue to do so in fiscal ‘21. And we look for continued opportunities and benefits there. So if it gets above the 135, that I mentioned earlier, and we generally expect that it will, it'll likely be in that service, I'm sorry, in that supply chain area.  I'll say this though, Scott. It gets harder as -- the farther we get from the acquisition date, it gets harder and harder to specifically say whether it's a synergy or just more efficiency in the business. And so our expectation is after fiscal ‘20, we won't be talking about that quite as much and we'll be moving forward with looking for all different kinds of efficiencies in the business.
Mike Hansen: Yeah, I'm sorry. Sorry, it took me a bit to understand that. Look, we're growing, we're growing nicely. And we've, as you know, we consolidated quite a few G&K locations into Cintas locations, but there still are capacity needs, particularly in those markets that didn't have a G&K operation in them. And so we do have capacity needs as we continue to grow, and I would expect that that would, that that fact would continue, if we continue to grow the way we're growing. And so we're going to probably have a little bit of an uptick this fiscal ’20, just simply because we are continuing to grow and add more plants than probably we have in the last few years because of the consolidation efforts.
Mike Hansen: Well, I'll start with, we currently have a covenant that limits us to 3.5 now. We've got a great banking group and if we had an acquisition that forced us to go above 3.5, then we would look at it in a couple of different ways. First, does it create the long term value that would warrant that kind of leveraging? And secondly, given then the combined cash flow, would we be able to reduce that fairly quickly like we did with the G&NK, after the G&K deal closed? We would look at it from those two standpoints. So I think it just depends on the value and the long term value creation. But we'd certainly, if we felt like it was a great opportunity, we certainly would evaluate that.
Mike Hansen: Well, we would certainly need a very good macro and we like the macro today. But we would need a good macro. We need to be firing on all cylinders in terms of our sales productivity and with some good and innovative products and services. And, we've got to be really on our game to sell into our current existing customers. Dan, the last four years, our organic growth has been right in this range where we came in this fourth quarter, and we talked about a few times in the past, we like this pace. It allows us to manage the growth in sales reps, the growth in route capacity, the growth in production capacity, and so we do like the pace and we think that we can get some pretty good margin improvement when we're at this kind of pace, we can manage the business very well. And we like it, the last four years, we've been -- our organic growth in total has been 6.8, 6.7, 7.1, 6.5 and obviously, the 6.5 included the first quarter, where we were bottoming out in terms of the post G&K. That's right where we want to be, that 6.8 and our guidance for next year is pretty darn close to that. So that's the pace we like, Dan.
Mike Hansen: Yes, Dan, you are correct. We were making great progress on sales rep productivity, kind of coming out of the G&K acquisition in terms of filling the sales roles and getting everybody trained and up to speed and then also getting the systems converted, which was necessary for those G&K reps to sell the Cintas product line. You'll recall, we’re making nice improvement through Q2 and then last quarter in Q3 with some weather impacts, we noted that the productivity dipped, but in Q4, it did bounce back very nicely, even stronger than it was in Q2.
Mike Hansen: Yeah, we certainly got some good leverage from the revenue growth. We had some nice synergy capture. Energy, as you said, helped a little bit and we're selling profitable business. And so a lot of things went well in the quarter from a pricing perspective, probably a little bit better in the fourth quarter incrementally than in previous quarters, the pricing while still competitive, as I talked about, with Andrew’s question, probably just a little bit, incrementally more positive. And that certainly helps the margin as well. So all in all, great synergy, great leveraging, selling good profitable business and a little bit of energy help, all put together for a pretty good quarter. If I could add that this -- the rental gross margin for the year was up 170 basis points from our fiscal ’16, which was the year before the G&K deal. So if you think about adding a legacy G&K business with a gross margin of about 37.5% to now today that full rental gross – full your rental gross margin of 45.5, we've made some great progress in the last few years and our partners have worked so hard in integrating this acquisition. We bought a very good business and our new partners have done a great job, our existing partners have as well. And it really shows in this fiscal ‘19 year with some really good margins, especially in that gross margin area.
Mike Hansen: We have 263 million on the billion that was authorized last fall. And the guidance assumes no additional share buybacks.
Mike Hansen: Well, thank you again for joining us tonight. We will issue our first quarter financial results in September and we look forward to speaking with you again at that time.
Paul Adler: Yeah. Kevin, it’s Paul. I'll talk about fire and turn it to Mike on the tariffs. But in terms of fire, yeah, the organic growth was strong at 14%. But we continue to expect out of that business, organic growth of 10% or a little bit better. So, very good execution in Q4. But that's kind of par for the course with the fire business of late. So nothing specific to really call out. But we just continue to do a great job of winning business. We have a very professional, aggressive sales force, and kind of leveraging our service capabilities that we have in uniform rental, and our experiences there through the fire business and very professional service oriented businesses on the service side, and so we expect that strong organic growth to continue.
Paul Adler: Andrew, it’s Paul. In terms of retention, I would say that really no significant change in our business. It's been roughly about 95% and that's still where it was last fiscal year, and that's where we still expect it to be. Of course, we're always working on improving that and there are opportunities, but I would say nothing significant to note. In terms of pricing, I've been doing a lot of businesses for new accounts. 
Paul Adler: Yeah, Scott. I have that and you're right, not much of a change. Uniform rental, and as you mentioned, this is measured as a percentage of the uniform rental and facility services segment and it’s Q4 data. So uniform rental, 50% of the mix. Dust control came in at 18%; hygiene is 14%, shop towels at 5%, linen 9% and then catalog was about 4%.
