William C. Gale: Thank you for joining us this evening. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. After some commentary on the results, we will be happy to answer questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. We are pleased to report third quarter revenue of $1,076,000,000, which represents record quarterly revenue for Cintas and growth of 6.3% from last year's third quarter. Organic growth, which adjusts for the impact of acquisitions and the impact of 1 less workday compared to last year's third quarter, was 6.9%. As we noted in the press release, the organic growth in each of our 4 operating segments improved from second quarter levels. We indicated in last quarter's call that we expected our uniform direct sales segment to have a good second half of the fiscal year, and that was certainly true in our third quarter. The execution of our global accounts and strategic markets and our global supply chain teams during the third quarter was outstanding as we rolled out several large new programs on our way to over 15% growth in the uniform direct sales operating segment. Third quarter net income decreased by 1.7% to $75 million, and there were a number of factors that contributed to this decrease. Our third quarter had 64 workdays, which is 1 less than last year's third quarter. Keep in mind that a number of our large expenses, including rental material cost, depreciation and amortization, are determined on a monthly basis instead of a workday basis, and 1 less workday results in 1 less day of revenue to cover those expenses. In addition, we have discussed on our last few calls that strong new business sales and the absence of meaningful customer hiring over the past few years have resulted in increasing rental material cost and capacity pressure on our routes. As a result, rental segment material cost exceeded last year's third quarter material cost, just as it also did in this year's second quarter. We also continue to add route capacity during this quarter to ensure that we have the ability to continue providing excellent service to our customers. In our selling and administrative expenses, our cost associated with employee-related medical benefits increased by roughly 60 basis points compared to last year's third quarter. Keeping in mind that we are self-insured, this increase was due to new claims experienced during the quarter. Medical costs have historically been in the range of 3% to 4% of revenue, and this third quarter expense continued to be in that range. In addition to higher medical costs, our expenses associated with auto and other liability claims increased roughly 50 basis points compared to last year's third quarter. Despite these added costs during the quarter, our earnings per diluted share for the third quarter did increase over last year's third quarter. This year's earnings per diluted share were $0.60, a 3.4% increase over last year's third quarter of $0.58. This was due to the positive impact of our share buyback program. During the third quarter, we purchased roughly $28 million of our stock, bringing our total purchases during the last 12 months to $309 million of Cintas stock. As of February 28, we have $191 million available under the current board authorization for future shares repurchases. As we enter our fourth fiscal quarter, we are updating our fiscal 2013 guidance based on our third quarter performance. We expect revenue to be in the range of $4.3 billion to $4.325 billion, and earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.54. The guidance assumes the current U.S. economic environment continues and does not worsen going forward. It also assumes no impact for additional share repurchases. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike Hansen for more details of the third quarter.
William C. Gale: Sara, what we saw was -- we saw a weak beginning of our quarter. December was relatively weak. January, first couple weeks started out, and then things got a little bit better. And as we got into February, I would say the latter part of February began to show a little bit of life in the add-stop metric among existing customers. I would say the general tone that I'm hearing from our operating and sales management is kind of a little bit of relief that we got through some of these big issues that the year-end fiscal cliff and some of the other things that were going on. And while I don't think there is a robust attitude that things are going to be really great, I think that there's just kind of a relief and maybe a little bit more optimism in the marketplace.
William C. Gale: I'm not sure that's totally correct. The low end of our guidance would show growth of about 5.6% and the top end about 8%. But there -- I would say, within that guidance, we're looking at kind of a quarter relatively similar to what we saw this quarter.
William C. Gale: I would say the answer to that question is no. It's no different -- the pricing environment appears to be no different than what we've seen for the last several quarters, which is a pretty competitive environment.
William C. Gale: I'm not sure I could really say that. There were a couple of those winter storms, but I didn't hear a lot of problems among our locations with deliveries and that sort of thing. So there's always a little bit of that in the third quarter in different parts of the country, but nothing out of the ordinary.
William C. Gale: Well, Nate, that's certainly our hope. What we have seen, we've had just some really nice new business over the last year or so. And as we spoke in the last couple of quarters, we've had to add some routes because we have more stops and we just needed to have the capacity in order to handle that new business. And there's no doubt that when we see adds consistently taking place at our existing customers, that is going to be very beneficial to route density, and thus, it's going to have a nice marginal impact positively on our results because not only will we get more revenue from a stop, but we'll be able to utilize with adds more of our existing stockroom inventory as customers do add employees to their headcount. Now is that going to necessarily happen in the fourth quarter? I don't know. I hope that we'll begin to see some of that, but it's still been a pretty sluggish employment growth, especially in the uniform rental wearing sectors. But with the little bit of uptick we saw at the end of February, maybe that will continue. I know there's been a few analysts who had put out some reports of their surveys with private customers that indicate there might be some trends of that. So we'll have to wait and see, but we'll certainly going to have the capacity on our routes to handle that, those adds if they do occur.
William C. Gale: Joe, I don't think we expect those type of spikes to continue. Of course, we're self-insured for medical benefits and you are going to have quarters when you'll have some relatively expensive cases and this happened to be one of them that we had several that must have hit, but I'd say that we would expect, if you look over the average cost of our medical benefits over the past year or so, it's been lower than what we saw this most recent quarter. So I've no reason to expect that to increase, at least this year. Obviously going into '14, all companies are going to face some additional costs associated with some of the requirements of the Affordable Care Act. But that's going to be -- every company is going to feel that. As to these cases, again, I think that's kind of an aberration. I can't say that it won't happen again, but it's more likely not to happen than to happen. So with all that said, I'd say as long as we continue to see that top line growing, we're going to see some additional SG&A leverage, not necessarily to the same degree we've seen over the last 2 years, but some marginal continued leverage improvement in the SG&A line.
William C. Gale: Well, I wouldn't say they're seasonal, but they're more related to a specific customer requirement to do the rollout. So our sales organization is constantly working on replenishing these type of big account rollouts, but obviously, it's dependent somewhat on the customer themself. So what you saw this quarter is probably not repeatable in the short term. We would expect there still will be positive growth in the direct sales segment in our fourth quarter, but this certainly was kind of an unusual event, one that we knew was coming. And that's the nature of direct sale. We see this all the time where we can have these very, very high-growth quarters followed by flat to somewhat down quarters. And it's just the nature of the business.
William C. Gale: Well, that's a little too simplistic, I think, Andy. I mean, you can do a little bit of that, but -- like when you look at maybe some of the rental gross margins. But the problem we have is the quarter gets kind of complicated when you have some of these things that we talked about in SG&A. When you have a different mix percent of the direct sale business than you had in previous quarters versus the rental business, and the direct sale business tends to have a little less margin. So you just have -- you have to be low-cost or something. Suffice it to say, that we certainly are impacted negatively on a margin standpoint when we have fewer workdays. Because as Mike mentioned, with material cost, depreciation, amortization all being done on a monthly basis, that can have 50, 60 basis point differential just on the margins. And then you get other things that are being factored in there.
William C. Gale: Yes, but I think I wouldn't make too much out of a 20, 30 basis change. I mean your mix of new business, the mix of the types of the business, that's -- those type of variations are going to happen quarter-to-quarter.
William C. Gale: Well, I think -- let's keep in mind. I think the splitting of routes is a good long-term strategic move to enable us to serve more customers. And we will continue to, I think, be very successful in selling new business, and therefore, we need to stay ahead of the game and having the routes available to handle that new business so we can properly take care of our customers. So I see it going on. What I hope will happen is obviously, we'll see some improvement in the attitude of businesses to hire additional people at existing stops and just increase the amount of revenue without increasing the number of stops in all our routes, but with a very large sales force that is very productive, and what we think we have a -- some competitive advantages with product and with service systems, we'll continue to see robust new business. And when you have new business, you have to have the route capacity to handle it.
William C. Gale: Right now, our energy cost as a percent of revenue were relatively consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. We're a little over 3% of revenue. And the natural gas prices, they have shown a little bit of uptick, but not significant enough that I would think there would be a big change. Quite honestly, James, it's the price of the gas and diesel that the more dramatic change in those prices have a bigger impact on our energy cost overall, because that's the biggest percentage of our energy cost by far. As to the route capacity, well, the more trucks you have on the road, the more gas you're going to use. So you certainly will see an increase in utilization of gasoline and diesel by -- because you have more trucks, and therefore, we'll have that cost going on. We won't get the leverage necessary on the revenue line that we would if we were not adding route capacity. We're just seeing revenue increases at existing accounts.
William C. Gale: Well, we still have fewer wearers today than at the peak. I won't get into the details anymore than that. But because of that, we still have capacity, generally speaking, and more than we did in '08. Now capacity is certainly a local issue and there are some spots that have grown faster than others in the last couple of years, and we may have some capacity needs from a plant standpoint in the next few years. But generally speaking, we have some pretty good capacity, and the -- when I talked about the fewer revenues -- fewer wearers today, our revenue is higher than it has ever been, and that is because we've replaced those, the revenue, from those lost wearers with other things like cleaning chemical solutions and hygiene products that don't require a lot of capacity. So to answer your question, plant capacity is still pretty good.
William C. Gale: Well, I think everyone is aware that it's getting a lot more press. There was an article on the journal about a week ago that talked about the $63 charge that everyone is going to have to pay for every covered individual and their dependents. And so the rules are just getting announced and written. There is certainly going to be an increase. So what is our strategy? Well, our strategy has got to be to provide our employees with a decent medical program, but because of the significant increases in cost, they're going to have to share in some of that through higher weekly cost of their share of the cost. Maybe higher co-pays. We're offering some high deductible plans and inducing employees to get into those that we think would help us control our costs. And we continue to work with our various suppliers in trying to get the best deal possible in terms of the amount we have to pay for prescription drugs, for medical coverage, et cetera. There is just no doubt that there's going to be some increase in overall cost, both to the employee and to companies, and we'll do our best to keep that cost to a minimum. But there's still a lot to be resolved yet in terms of what the government is going to be forcing companies to do, and we're just watching it and then we'll try to react accordingly.
William C. Gale: It really came through both the uniform wearer, as well as the facility services. It was kind of consistent. We're seeing some very nice growth continuing albeit from a relatively low base in the chemical dispensing and the tile and carpet cleaning. But I was encouraged with seeing kind of an across the board improvement with pretty much the core business, the dust business, the rental garment business. We've expanded into some different segments like healthcare with some microfiber mops and wipes and scrub rental, and I think that has been somewhat of a benefit for us also. Again, it was not consistent through the whole quarter. We had a tough, as I've mentioned earlier, we had a tough December, but we began to see a little life in mid-January and then it kind of picked up as we moved through the end of February. So I am -- I like to say I'm very optimistic for the fourth quarter but I can't because I just don't know what's going to happen. But at least the trend was more positive as we exited the third quarter.
William C. Gale: Loss business ebbed a bit. New business, again, was very strong especially in the second half of the third quarter.
William C. Gale: Well, the strategy has been always to get as much capacity revenue on our routes. And as we mentioned earlier, route density is a key to that. Utilization in our plants is certainly something that we're always looking for and then the SG&A leverage. So our strategy had always been add routes as needed to handle additional stops and then do whatever we can to increase revenue at those stops.
William C. Gale: We looked -- we really don't have anything yet. It's pretty early in March, so I would say I don't have anything that I could really look at and tell you whether it did because it's just difficult that we're so early in the month.
William C. Gale: Well, a couple of things. One is, of course, the paper price. As Mike alluded to, we've now reduced our expectation on paper price in the fourth quarter from what we had assumed back in December when we gave you that updated guidance. And that probably cost us, in that quarter alone, $0.015 or so. We're also a little bit concerned that maybe we will not have a repeat performance of the medical -- the lower medical expenses that we saw last year. And therefore, based on what we saw in the third quarter, we picked that up a little bit. We continue to expect there to be more impact, the material cost impact, although we've seen that trend come down a little bit. We still think that will be higher than last year's fourth quarter. And so I think the tax rate's a tad bit higher. So I'd say those are the major factors. But with all that said, we're still looking at fourth quarter, our guidance still indicates a fairly nice improvement in operating income in the fourth quarter over last year, even looking at the low end of the guidance. So I feel pretty good that it's going to be a decent quarter assuming that the revenue comes in.
William C. Gale: The paper price was, yes, based on what we thought it was going to be in December, it's like $0.015, yes.
William C. Gale: The bulk of it, I would say, is the paper prices and a little less -- a little more concern on some of these expenses like medical benefits, liability claims, that sort of thing, that we just -- because we saw a little uptick in the third quarter.
William C. Gale: Well, I guess I would answer that question by saying if we were to stop selling new business, it wouldn't become a headwind. But the fact is we still have an awful big sales force and they're continuing to be very productive. So we're always going to have new business. And as a result of that, you're always going to have that kind of injection of products. So I'm not sure you're going to see a significant drop in the material cost because the amortization drops.
William C. Gale: No, because we cannot properly split out the costs since they are housed in the same facility and often on the same route. So there's -- it would be a beset with a tremendous amount of allocations in order to split out the cost side. And as a result of that, we are not going to do that in the near-term.
William C. Gale: It's a mix. There's a lot of trucks that are mixed trucks. There's trucks that are exclusively facility services, but it's not that clear cut.
William C. Gale: Well, our business internationally right now is, I think we've said about $40 million, a little over $40 million of revenue in document management in Europe and not doing very well. They have experienced some difficulties in growing the business over there. In fact, they shrunk a little bit from the third quarter last year. Profitability has improved somewhat, and we've been spending resources trying to improve the profitability, but we've had some issues with that and I think it really caused more by the macro issues of Europe in total than by anything else. As far as other international business, we do sell uniforms into many of our U.S.-based customers, our North American based customers throughout the world. We are seeing a pickup in that, more interest in having to service them. But again, it's a relatively minor piece of our overall business. Our focus continues to be, in North America, 95%, 98% -- between 95% and 98% of our business is North America, and that's really what our ongoing focus is going to be.
William C. Gale: Thank you, again, for joining us. Mike and I appreciate everybody's interest and we will look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter earnings release sometime in mid to late July, and we look forward to talking to you then. Good night.
J. Michael Hansen: And so I would say that we did not see any significant -- one segment has significant improved performance over another. It was generally pretty broad.
J. Michael Hansen: Sure, Joe. When we look at material costs, as we mentioned, it was higher this year than last year. But what we did see is that the increase in the third quarter over last year was less than the year-over-year increase in our second quarter. And we talked numerous times in the past about how we expected cotton to peak mid-fiscal '13. And so we probably did get a bit of a relief coming off of that. But also, just saw a little bit of a decrease in the rate of the material cost increase. So it was a positive sign during the quarter.
J. Michael Hansen: So I think that certainly can come up. And it just depends on the type of the customer and how they use their garments. And we will always be replacing garments. But I wouldn't say that it's -- we've seen a serious uptick in the amount that we're pulling from the stockroom based on these new accounts put in service over the last couple of years. I would say more of the impact has been we're just continuing to sell new accounts.
J. Michael Hansen: Well -- if you would adjust for the workday in the third quarter, as Bill mentioned, we would see the rental gross margins likely go up about 50 basis points because of that 1 less workday. It was about a 50 basis point impact. Last year's fourth quarter gross margin and rental was 43.3%. And do I think we can get to that? It depends a bit, again, on how our revenue comes back. If we continue to see a movement, a positive trend in add-stops like we saw at the end of this quarter, then certainly, we can see a very good gross margin in the fourth quarter. If, however, that doesn't play out and we turn to a negative trend or a flattened trend, then because of the increase in routes, we may have a little bit more difficultly matching that gross margin from last year's fourth quarter.
J. Michael Hansen: As I mentioned, Gary, though, the rate of increase year-over-year in our third quarter was less than our second quarter. And so we started to see a bit of that start to happen. In other words, the headwind was a little bit less in the third quarter than in the second quarter. And if we get a little bit of help with net add-stops in the fourth quarter, we might get a little bit more help in the fourth quarter. We did see some of that with cotton from the second quarter to the third quarter. But again, we saw a little bit of an improvement in the rate of increase, and I would say, rather than all of a sudden the headwind going away, it's probably going to be something that goes away very slowly over time, unless we see a real change in net adds-stops.
