William Gale: Good evening, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2011 results. With me today is Mike Hansen, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. After some comments on the quarter's results, we will open the call to questions. For the quarter ending February 28, 2011, total revenue was $938 million, an 8.8% increase from the third quarter of fiscal 2010. Earnings per share were $0.41 versus $0.32 a year ago.  As provided in our press release, we are updating our guidance for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2011. We now expect total revenues to be between $3.75 billion and $3.77 billion, and our total earnings per share to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.63. This guidance takes into consideration our expectation that energy costs will pressure margins in our fourth quarter. We will not be providing guidance for our fiscal year ending May 31, 2012, until we release our fourth quarter 2011 results in mid-July.  We are pleased to see continuing improvement in our revenues among all four of our reportable segments. As mentioned in our release, we ramped up the investment in our sales force in last year's third quarter because we saw signs of stabilization in the U.S. economy. We also expected a slow employment recovery. And we wanted to create revenue momentum by not only increasing our sales force, but also by having the sales force focus on added penetration at existing customers. As we look one year later, we are pleased with the momentum created and with the improvement in our sales productivity. This improved sales productivity, coupled with the stabilization of the economy, have now given Cintas four consecutive quarters of increasing total and organic revenue growth beginning with our fiscal 2010 fourth quarter. While we continue to see a general reluctance on the part of our customers to add employees, on a positive note, they continue to replace employees and large force -- workforce reductions are minimal. The higher revenue levels, along with ongoing cost control efforts at Cintas, have helped drive margin improvement despite the higher energy costs and the fewer workdays in our third quarter than the prior two quarters this fiscal year. These recent energy cost increases, if they continue, will pressure margins going forward. While not significantly affecting this fiscal year, continued elevated cotton costs could impact fiscal year 2012 results. We will discuss this impact further during our discussion of fiscal 2012 guidance in July. Our balance sheet remains strong. Total net debt to capitalization is 25%. In December, we paid our annual dividend of $0.49 per share, the 28th consecutive year in which the dividend was increased dating back to 1983, the year we went public.  The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides the safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Mike Hansen.
William Gale: Well, it seems about right. Here's our concern, and I would say we expected some of you to think maybe we were a little conservative on this. But our concern is in the energy cost arena, not only how it impacts our margins but how it might impact our customers. So we are forecasting continued growth on the top line. But given the uncertainty in the energy markets, as well as in the other issues going on around the world, we felt it prudent to be somewhat conservative in our view of the revenue.
William Gale: We're running at that 3.5% to 3.7% level right now. And if you think about the way that the energy impacts as we did some calculations and basically for every 50 basis points of energy costs, that's about $0.02 a share for us. So we're projecting energy costs will, at best, stay at these elevated levels, but likely could go even higher depending on what happens.
William Gale: That's primarily correct, a little bit better results in lost business too, Andy. But, yes, basically, we're seeing new business continuing to be pretty good. And fortunately, customers when they lose employees are replacing those employees. So they're just not -- there's not a lot of adds or additions to our customers' headcounts.
William Gale: Andrew, we don't really have a fuel surcharge per se. We have a service charge. And we have been adjusting that service charge when we can with our customers to try to overcome some of these additional costs. Sometimes, that is not feasible, but we're doing our best to do that.
William Gale: Well, Andrew, I would say it all depends on what our customers are able to do with their prices. If they are running into difficulty in raising their prices, they're very reluctant to allow any increase in their own costs. So it really just comes down to what the individual customer is able to do in the markets that they serve.
William Gale: Well, those items that you mentioned are certainly examples. In addition to that, we have a full spectrum of hygiene services for restrooms. We have chemical dispensing units. We're doing tile and carpet cleaning. So all of these different facility services businesses that we have gone into, we're able to sell those to many of our existing customers. And as Mike mentioned in his remarks, we began to utilize our professional sales force to assist our service organization in penetrating these customers with these additional products and services. And that has been successful.
William Gale: Yes, we are. We are looking at that. It is difficult right now to do that on the cost side because they're housed in the same physical facility as the Uniform Rental business. There would be a lot of allocations that would have to be made and it adds a lot of complexity to our financial system. But it is certainly something that we're going to continue to look at. And when it's feasible to do so, I would say that we will start splitting that stuff out. I just don't know when that will be.
William Gale: There were no one-time items. I think a lot of it is the attitude that the company management has taken that we had to control costs. And we began doing that some time ago. We did get slightly lower medical costs, which did help. But offsetting that by a much greater extent were the fact we had all the payroll taxes reset in January. I think it's the higher revenues where we're -- as I told you before, we can leverage these costs once we get the revenue line growing again. And that was demonstrated in this quarter. But it really comes down to just a lot of effort on the part of all the partners at Cintas just watching every dollar they spend.
William Gale: Much of the increase in energy that we've recently seen is the gas and diesel. And the gas and diesel is about 60% of the total energy costs today.
William Gale: Well, I would answer that question a cautious yes, John, assuming that there is not any unusual spikes in like medical expenses, unusual legal expenses we might run into or something like that. So those things that we can control, I would say your assumption is correct.
William Gale: One of the priorities, we've talked about this, is certainly to obtain a national footprint in some of the emerging businesses, so that has continued. And as far as the other opportunities, we'll look at them as they present themselves and the value that they would create for the shareholders, the risk that they would involve, what type of returns that they would generate for the company. And I don't think we would necessarily be biased against anything except probably direct sale business, which we don't really see a lot of value in an acquisition for but -- because we like the more service type ongoing businesses. But we are certainly open to looking at different things, and we're doing that.
William Gale: We would prefer at this time to defer any real discussion on cotton until we have greater visibility with what's going to happen in the cotton market and as we put our plans together. So we'll have to defer those questions until July.
William Gale: Well, Scott, since so many things can happen from now until the end of the next growing season, we would rather defer those discussions until July. And we'll be a little bit more prepared to talk about the impact on next year and some of the things that we plan to do about it.
William Gale: Well, we're very happy with the productivity. We believe our sales force and our sales management team have done an excellent job of focusing their resources in the right area and we're seeing the results in the top line. We continually evaluate the appropriate size of the sales force, and we will continue to do that as we assess what the market potential is and what opportunities are out there. So right now, I would say it's an ongoing look at things. We're not going to signal to our competitors what we're going to do with our sales force, therefore, we can't really talk about it publicly. But I think we are very pleased with what we're seeing as the results of the actions that were taken about a year ago. Keep in mind, it generally takes a salesperson somewhere between six and 12 months to achieve appropriate productivity. And obviously the more tenured they are, the typically the more productive they are. It does vary by business unit. The Rental Uniform business tends to be the longest cycle, but we do have a ramp up in all of our businesses.
William Gale: Scott, I think we have seen a, I guess, a firming up of the pricing environment a little bit. I think many of our competitors have realized that some of the low prices that they were offering to help keep their plants and routes as full as they could during the downturn are going to come back to haunt them, especially now that it does that we're seeing cost increases in a number of areas. And keep in mind that cotton increases are probably going to hit our competitors much quicker and much more heavily than it necessarily will hit us. Energy costs are probably a little bit more heavier on some of our competitors than us because of the route density. So I think that we are pleased to be able to say that pricing has firmed up a bit from what it was.
William Gale: I really can't say when that will be happening. I can tell you that the board talks about it continuously and looks at the alternatives we have, and will certainly gave us the opportunity to another authorization back at the late October. So we did $200 million just six months ago and we'll continue to assess it.
William Gale: Well, James, that acquisition that was announced was more of a marketing issue. It was a relatively small acquisition. We made acquisitions in all of our businesses with the exception of Uniform Direct Sales this past quarter. The Document Management business is actually very good margin business. It's just that so much of it is in its infancy and the size and the amount of sales cost continues to be invested in it. Mature Document Management operations though generate very good margins comparable to the Rental business.
William Gale: I thought it would have more of an impact than it ended up having. Part of the reason that it didn't impact us as much was the fact that we've converted many of our businesses to 4-day routes. So even when operations were forced to shut down in some of the cities, especially in the northeast, they were able to make up the majority of that volume. So by and large, weather was not a significant factor to us.
William Gale: No, they really haven't. I'd say the beneficial thing though is that with stabilization in the economy, potential acquisition targets aren't continuing to shrink like they were. So there's a little bit more of certainty if one were to decide to buy one of those companies.
William Gale: Chris, I'd hate to predict what Washington may decide to do. Until you present the facts, it would be tough for me to speculate.
William Gale: Gary, generally, as we've always said, our hurdle rates typically are 15%. Now, there will be certain acquisitions that we might accept a slightly lower hurdle rate in going into in order to do something on a strategic basis. But our review of acquisitions in Document Management are no different than they were in Uniform Rental. But they typically have to have those hurdle rates.
William Gale: Oh, yes. We have the same criteria on CapEx, and, yes, that's all baked in to the analysis. Keep in mind much of what you're seeing now is the investment in these businesses to grow them, just like what we did at Cintas in the Uniform Rental business in the 1980s and early '90s.
William Gale: Yes, as Mike mentioned, we have started up some selective storage operations in different parts of the country that we have -- we believe an opportunity to have a significant return in value. So it's not like we're -- I wouldn't characterize we don't like the storage industry. What we do is we prefer the shredding industry and then selectively look at storage locations.
William Gale: Thank you all very much for joining us today. And as we mentioned earlier, we will be announcing our fourth quarter results in July, probably mid-July. So thank you again.
Michael Hansen: That's a big part of it, Andrew. When the prices of cotton started to escalate, that didn't mean that, that was going to hit us immediately. We still had a cotton fabric inventory that runs through our supply chain and goes through our distribution center before it gets to our operations. And only then do we see some impact of it. And in our Rental business, it starts to amortize at that point. So it is not a significant impact for some period of time.
Michael Hansen: Part of that $5 million decrease you mentioned, Gary, from the second quarter to the third quarter is also just simply due to one less workday. So there's one less payroll day in the quarter.
Michael Hansen: Well, I will say that the Rental growth for the quarter was a pretty broad improvement. In other words, we had a garment growth. We had facility services growth throughout our different products and services. But honestly, we don't have the information this quickly to be able to tell what was no program or versus taking share.
