William C. Gale: Good evening. Thank you for joining us as we report our fourth quarter results for fiscal 2012. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas' Vice President and Treasurer. After some commentary on the results and our fiscal 2013 guidance, we will be happy to answer questions. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. We are pleased to report record fourth quarter revenue of $1,054,000,000. In an increasingly sluggish U.S. economy, fourth quarter revenue grew 4.1% from last year's fourth quarter. Fourth quarter net income increased by 11.1% to $79 million, and earnings per diluted share were $0.60, a 22.4% increase over last year. Mike will provide more details shortly on the fourth quarter performance. This fourth quarter concluded a very successful fiscal 2012 year for Cintas in which our revenue topped the $4 billion mark for the first time at $4,102,000,000 and our earnings per diluted share hit a record level of $2.27. Our employees, who we call partners, did a great job of executing our game plan throughout this past 12 months. Congratulations to our partners on their achievements this year. We remain confident in our business' opportunities and our ability to execute our game plan. As such, during our fourth quarter, we purchased 3.3 million shares of Cintas stock at an aggregate cost of $129.6 million. Since these purchases were made so late in the fiscal year, they had no impact on our fourth quarter results. However, we expect it will positively increase fiscal 2013 earnings per diluted share by about $0.06. This impact is incorporated into our fiscal 2013 guidance. Our board authorized a $500 million share buyback program in October 2011, so we now have $370.4 million remaining of that authorization. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike for more details on the fourth quarter, after which I will provide additional comments on our fiscal 2013 guidance.
William C. Gale: Thanks, Mike. Our fiscal 2013 guidance is for revenue to be in the range of $4.25 billion to $4.35 billion and earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $2.47 to $2.55. Let me walk through a few assumptions so you can better understand the guidance. This guidance certainly considers the current economic climate, which is not healthy. We have had 3 consecutive months of poor job creation. In fact, only 225,000 jobs were created in that time, about half of which were professional and administrative positions. The Institute for Supply Management indicated in June that exports fell and new factory orders dropped at the fastest pace since 2001. We've seen numerous U.S. GDP forecasts that show growth of less than 2% during the next 18 months. As Mike mentioned, our net add/stops trending worsened during the -- our fourth quarter, a reflection of our customers' concern and uncertainty at this time. Clearly, there is little momentum in the economy. Despite this lack of momentum, though, we remain encouraged by our business' performance and continue to expect our revenue to grow organically in the mid-single digits in this type of environment. As we have discussed on the last few calls, recycled paper prices have been quite a headwind during the last 2 quarters. We expect it to remain this way for the next 2 quarters. We have assumed that recycled paper prices increase about $10 per ton each quarter in fiscal 2013 from the $150 a ton level at May 31. Last year's first quarter average price was roughly $275 per ton, and the second quarter average price was roughly $225 per ton. Keep in mind that this pricing difference impacts both revenues -- both revenue and falls directly to operating income. Our energy-related expenses for fiscal 2012 were roughly 3.3% of sales. Our guidance assumes that fiscal 2013 energy-related expenses remain at this level. We recently issued $250 million of 10-year debt with a 3.25% coupon that essentially replaced the $225 million of debt that matured on June 1. Including all fees and the impacts of interest rate locks, this new debt will reduce overall interest expense by about $3.5 million. However, much of this benefit will be offset by a higher effective tax rate. We expect our fiscal 2013 effective rate to be 37.3%, which is higher than the 36.8% in fiscal 2012. As Mike discussed, the fiscal 2012 effective rate benefited from the resolution of audits. And finally, keep in mind that the guidance incorporates the share buybacks from our fourth quarter but does not contemplate any additional buybacks. As I mentioned earlier, this will benefit fiscal 2013 earnings per share by approximately $0.06. Hopefully, this additional color adds perspective to our guidance. With that, we will now be glad to take any of your questions.
William C. Gale: But with that said, James, our margins are anticipated to expand overall in the company primarily as a result of the improved margins in the Rental, First Aid and Safety and Uniform Direct Sale divisions but just being offset by the Document Management segment.
William C. Gale: We're actually continuing to expect most of that growth primarily coming from new business. We do not expect to see much growth in our existing customers' headcount.
William C. Gale: Sara, the growth rate was lower, as you point out. But that segment, we've always said, will grow over time in the mid-single digits. So if I could remind you, last year, the growth rate was over 8%. This year, it's a little around 3%. Therefore, it's not unusual for that to fluctuate. We have not seen a lot of, I guess, communication from customers indicating any big concern in the environment. But on the other hand, as a result of lack of orders in the quarter, I would say they're being cautious just pending the outcome of what's going to happen in the economy.
William C. Gale: On a percent of sales basis. It did increase in dollars, but percent of sales should be roughly the same levels.
William C. Gale: I would say it is more active than other segments at this point, but I am not really sure that the expectations of sellers and buyers have yet reached the level to generate a lot of dealmaking.
William C. Gale: I would say we're primarily continuing to focus on the shredding side. The storage side is less attractive to us.
William C. Gale: Well, our expectation is all the businesses will grow. Even the Document Management business will grow on the service side, albeit at relatively modest rates due to the economy. The Document Management, though, will still have the headwind, as Mike mentioned, on the paper prices. So if you pull out the change in paper price, you'll see growth in the service side of the business. But none of the businesses are expected at this time to grow robustly because of the economic environment that we anticipate will be in place now for the next 9 to 12 months.
William C. Gale: Well, the positive momentum is primarily coming in the energy sector from a lot of the oil and gas exploration that's going on in this country, and we're servicing many big customers there. So there -- that's the positive side. I would say the deterioration in the add/stop ratio was really outside the energy industry, everywhere else. There was really no one area that's causing it. I just think you have seen a real pullback on the part of [Audio Gap] continue to be a focus of ours going forward.
William C. Gale: Well, I'd say it's a combination of both. But certainly, we're reading the tea leaves and looking at things. But we saw a trend in our fourth quarter that caused us to have some concern on the overall economic environment. And as a result of the -- yes, the add/stop ratio going negative is not as significant, but we also see the caution just in the economy on doing anything. So as a result of that, that's why we felt it prudent to basically give guidance that we think is achievable, and we'll certainly adjust it upward if we prove to be a little too conservative as we move through the year.
William C. Gale: Well, with the range of guidance, I would tell you that it's probably a little bit of both. I mean, we're -- we got a range there, and if -- depending on what happens with our assumptions that we've made on new business versus growth in existing accounts, the material costs that Mike mentioned, energy, I think you're going to see either a slight reduction in gross margins or a slight improvement in gross margins depending on what happens.
William C. Gale: Our contracts with the companies that we sell our paper to basically are all pegged. The price we receive is all pegged off the spot price. So generally, we receive what the spot price is plus whatever contract premium that we have negotiated. We've been with contracts with the paper consumers for some time. So that's nothing new for us. We continue to do that. As far as hedging, we've looked -- we're looking at it. We have looked at it. To date, we have not determined that it was beneficial for us to do so, but we'll continue to evaluate it. It is not a very robust hedging market. But as a result of that, you're really taking more of a gamble than really hedging anything based on what we're seeing so far. But we continue to evaluate it, and we've got some potential opportunities to do so with parties outside the U.S. and we're looking at those.
William C. Gale: I would say, well, our criteria for evaluating an M&A opportunity, we have the same basic expectations regardless of the business unit. So we're not going to take necessarily a lower return on one unit versus another. As far as synergies, it so much depends, John, on the nature of where the customers are coming from, the size of the customers. If we have a deal whereby we have capacity in existing facilities in a region and we buy a local competitor that perhaps serves multiple cities, we can get a lot of synergies because we can deploy that new volume pretty easily in multiple facilities. The more concentrated the volume is that we get, the more likely it'll take a little longer to get those synergies because we'll have to maybe build some capacity or take over their capacity and then bring it up to our standards. So I would tell you, though, we really believe that when we use M&A capital, our shareholders are expecting a certain return. And by and large, we stick to those requirements regardless of the business unit.
William C. Gale: Well, I think it's an estimate or prediction of demand primarily from overseas. When the demand's going to come, when it's going to pick up, that's what's going to increase the price. And that's what we're hearing from the various brokers, that there is a lot of talk that the demand will be picking up as the year progresses, thus increasing the price.
William C. Gale: No, it's basically been about the same level. It certainly is worse than what we were seeing in '11, but it didn't get any worse nor much better than where we saw in the third quarter. The difference in the fourth quarter is that we were able to replace some of those turned reps that we had in the third quarter and the normal rep turnover that happened in the fourth. So our actual headcount on sales reps was higher at the end of the fiscal year than it was at the end of our third quarter, which positions us better going into this current year for new business growth.
William C. Gale: Yes, 9 to 12 months is generally the time frame it takes for a new rep to get up to average productivity.
William C. Gale: Well, I think it's worked very well in that we've got a cohesive sales group now that works together well, is not siloed by business unit, is under one management structure. And so I think that has been a big success. The turnover rate that we talked about was really more due to the economy. We have very attractive, trained sales reps that are of interest to other industries. And therefore, that's what caused that turnover. But I thought -- but I think what we have been able to at least accomplish is stem the turnover in that there is no further increase in it and we've been successful in replacing some of those turned reps, especially in the fourth quarter.
William C. Gale: I think we'll see energy continuing to be one of the positive spots in the U.S. economy and the Canadian economy. I mean, it's up -- going on up there, too, and we're participating in that. I would say that the level is not a significant increase in the headcount. It's just that as you have more exploration and frac-ing going on, more companies are doing it. And therefore, it's not necessarily adding to an existing operation but rather just increase in number of locations where this energy exploration is occurring. So we being the largest provider of FRC garments in the country and in -- I think we will participate as that segment of the economy continues to do well.
William C. Gale: Yes, I think there's some benefit we'll get from that side, from that industry and that business also.
William C. Gale: I think Mike mentioned in the comments that we have about $50 million now outside the U.S. So the remainder of the cash is here in the U.S. We still have access to the debt markets. We have significant capacity available to us should a transaction make sense. We've got a untapped commercial paper line of credit. And so I would say that we would have no problem making a big deal if it makes sense for us.
William C. Gale: Nate, I have to be honest, I don't have many conversations with our customers. You talk to our operating …
William C. Gale: Yes, well, I haven't specifically asked that question. I would tell you the tone that I hear is more one of caution, and I think there's just a lot of uncertainty right now. And until that gets resolved, I'm not sure we're going to see much activity.
William C. Gale: I think every company always has some things that can be done depending on what the circumstances are. I think you -- we have continued to operate at headcount levels that are significantly below where we were at the peak even though our revenues now exceed where we were previous. So we've gained a lot of efficiencies in our operations. But if there were another significant recession and the loss of a lot of revenue, we would have to take another look at how we do things and see if we could even make more efficiencies. So I think it's incumbent upon all management to always be ready to adjust depending on what the environment is.
William C. Gale: We had a few -- we actually thought we'd spend a little bit more in fiscal '12, and we've now moved a few things into fiscal '13. So that's our expectation is, is that really, it's just a little delay of some things that we were going to do that now we're going to do in '13.
William C. Gale: Yes, well, there's basically hardly any income. I don't think we -- you've got any good investment safe, we'll look at it. That's the reduction in the interest expense or interest cash outlay in fiscal '13 versus what we had in '12.
William C. Gale: Automotive certainly is one of our larger verticals. Hospitality is a big vertical for us. Health care is becoming a larger vertical for us, and it certainly is an area of focus. Specialty trade contractor-type is a good vertical for us, maintenance-type positions.
William C. Gale: No. No plans to do that, Greg. But that store was basically part of the original company that we purchased. It was under a different name there. They've reopened it now to service the North Side of Chicago, but it's very small. It's just locally driven and it's really just more of a legacy from the old company that was bought. We have no intention at this point of rolling out any retail operations anywhere else in the country or expand in Chicago beyond the 2 we already have.
William C. Gale: Shlomo, I don't have that at this point. We'll look into it and see if we can provide it as part of our overall review of what we have by industry.
William C. Gale: It is all Document Management, primarily storage and imaging. And it's about 1% of our overall revenue.
William C. Gale: Just would like to thank you all again for joining us this evening, and we'll look forward to speaking with you in late September when we report first quarter results.
J. Michael Hansen: Well the -- James, if you take a look at that, the guidance for our paper prices were actually -- including guidance, that would be a 13% -- almost a 13% reduction in year-over-year paper prices. So that -- our guidance assumes about an average of $175 per ton, and fiscal '12 was about $200. So we will see a negative impact for the full year. That will certainly be front-end loaded. The first 2 quarters, as Bill mentioned, will be negatively affected by paper. And in the back half of the year, we should see a small benefit. And we're basing this assumption on talking with our partners in the industry and other people who are familiar with the paper.
J. Michael Hansen: I would say that pricing, while it hasn't changed much in -- from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, remains competitive. And we're seeing our competitors be very aggressive, particularly at national account levels.
J. Michael Hansen: Andrew, the hygiene number includes some of our newer products and services, like our chemical services and tile and carpet. And so we're getting a boost by some of our newer products and services in that hygiene bucket. And we continue to be very pleased with the rollouts of those items and continue to expect very good growth in those. The uniform rental had a very good year. We saw some great performance in our fire-resistant clothing line. We also saw very good performance in other lines like our women's wear, and our Carhartt continues to perform well. So we did see a very good year out of uniform rental.
J. Michael Hansen: It was about 1%, Gary. So it did not dip negative. But it certainly continues to be affected by the European economic environment and, in this case, in the fourth quarter, the imaging projects.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, it's difficult to predict. We're actively pursuing opportunities. We would like to focus on more recurring-type revenue. We've had some success with that with some companies. But we certainly will also take advantage of projects as they come about. Most of our project work had -- a lot of it had come from the banking side. We continue to think that we've established a strong reputation in this area and that we'll continue to look for those projects. We just are having difficulty predicting exactly when they will come, but I know our salespeople are actively pursuing several things right now.
J. Michael Hansen: Yes, Gary, we expect that it will continue to be a slight headwind for the first half of fiscal '13, after which we may start to see a bit of a benefit. But keep in mind, that moves very slowly as we amortize.
J. Michael Hansen: Gary, I think there's 2 factors here that I think will be interesting to see how they play out. One is, yes, in a deteriorating environment, some of the people who were interested in selling their businesses are seeing top line reductions and, therefore, they feel like they can't get as much value for their business. So they might tend to hold out until things get better again. At least that's what we saw in the last couple of recessions. So that would say there'd be less M&A. On the other hand, I don't know what people's expectations are with regard to the change in the tax laws and how that will play out. But there certainly would be some benefit of people wanting to sell now before the end of the calendar year based on what seems to be the prevailing opinion of what's going to happen with tax rates.
J. Michael Hansen: We're starting to see a little bit of that. We've had some price increases that we've been able to institute, and they have stuck. I think there's a couple of other dynamics that are going on in the industry, though, that may be unique. We've got a couple of large players that perhaps are not as committed long term to the business based on some recent items that they've been involved with. So I'd say that there's a little disruption due to that. I think also that the time frame -- it takes a little longer for that dynamic to work through, Shlomo, where you'll see prices really balance themselves out. I think we're still a little early in the process. When we gave guidance back in March for our fourth quarter, I think several people thought that we were being overly conservative with what we thought the paper price was going to be. So the expectation in the market was that it was going to increase a little quicker. Well, it didn't turn out to do so, at least through our fourth quarter. We've seen some improvement here in June and July. So perhaps, the paper price will start rising a little bit, and that will perhaps temper people's willingness to raise their service price until they see what really shakes out.
J. Michael Hansen: Shlomo, neither Mike nor I really recall a difference in our commentary. I apologize if we left that impression. I thought we had been saying that pricing had stabilized except on large national accounts where we continue to see aggressiveness on the part of several big players. I'd say we certainly saw an improvement in the pricing environment from fiscal '10 and '11, but I'd say it's always been very competitive and the national account business is very much sought after by several of the large players.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, in the fourth quarter, the only difference was we had an extra day of accruing. So otherwise, nothing.
J. Michael Hansen: No. We have -- in the last couple of years, we've been updating based on fourth quarter levels. And so we've not provided the full year.
J. Michael Hansen: We have not provided that other than to say we don't have any verticals that account for more than 10% of our business. So we've got a pretty spread -- a pretty diverse customer base.
J. Michael Hansen: You have to take into account the participating securities. So a couple of years ago, some new accounting guidance came out that requires an adjusted EPS calculation to incorporate the impact of participating securities like restricted shares. If you went to our Q for the third quarter and looked at our EPS footnote, you'd see the calculation that I'm talking about. So we have to essentially allocate some of our net income to those participating securities.
J. Michael Hansen: Well, I'll say that all of those areas that I mentioned have grown. It's just that some have grown faster than others. And when you take a look at that hygiene bucket, that includes our newer products and services, which have grown very well in the last year. That growth is certainly exceeding the shop towel growth as well as the linen growth. But those areas are still growing, and we expect them to continue to grow.
Sara Gubins: Could you talk about what you're seeing in Uniform Direct Sales? The year-over-year growth rate slowed in the fourth quarter and I'm wondering what the tone of your client base is there.
Sara Gubins: Okay. And then within the guidance for next year, how are you thinking about SG&A? You've gotten great leverage recently.
Sara Gubins: Got it. And then if you could just provide us with the ending share count at the end of the year, that would be great.
