Bill Gale: Thank you for joining us this evening. With me is Mike Hansen, Cintas’s Vice President and Treasurer. After our commentary we will be happy to answer questions. Let me remind you that the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current views as to future events and financial performance. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the SEC. We are pleased to report first quarter revenue of $1.102 billion. Organic revenue growth which adjusts for the impact of acquisitions and the Shred-it Transaction was 7.2% for the first quarter. This was a nice acceleration from the 6.2% organic growth in our fourth quarter ended May 31st, led by a rental organic growth of 8.1% and our first aid safety and fire protection services organic growth rate up 10.1%. Our sales force performance in both businesses was strong and the pricing environment in the first quarter improved from our previous quarter. We were a little disappointed with the negative 2.2% organic growth change in our uniform direct sale revenue as we have a third consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue decline. While much of the declines in the last three quarters relates to large national account roll-outs occurring last year and not repeating this year, we have seen some softness in our Fortune 1000 national accounts as well. As we noted in today’s press release, our first quarter income statement was affected by a few items that are not representative of our ongoing operational performance. First, as we indicated in our July earnings call, we had a $13.6 million gain net of tax on the sale of stock in an equity method investment during this year’s first quarter. Second, our fiscal ‘15 first quarter income from continuing operations did not include any document management services operating segment results. Mike will provide more details about the accounting for document management and its impact on the first quarter and the remainder of this fiscal ‘15 year. Third, we recorded an additional $4.1 million gain, net of tax, during this year’s first quarter, due to receiving additional proceeds related to the Shred-it Transaction. We have identified these items separately in today’s press release, so I will speak to the results as adjusted for those items. Our first quarter gross margin was $477.9 million or $43.4% of first quarter revenue. As Scott Farmer said in today’s press release, the gross margin improved in each of our businesses. In fact, the first quarter’s gross margin of 43.4% was the highest as a percent of revenue since fiscal 2006. We continue to operate our businesses very efficiently and are taking advantage of existing capacity in our infrastructure. First quarter operating income was $163.5 million or 14.8% of first quarter revenue. We’re very pleased with this improvement over last fiscal year’s first quarter adjusted operating income as a percent of revenue of 13.4%. First quarter net income and earnings per diluted share as adjusted also improved nicely compared to last fiscal year’s first quarter amount as adjusted. First quarter net income as adjusted was $92.4 million, which was 8.4% of revenue and grew by almost 21% over last year’s first quarter. This fiscal year’s first quarter earnings per diluted share as adjusted was $0.78, which grew over 25% compared to last fiscal year’s first quarter figure as adjusted of $0.62. We are very pleased with the start to this fiscal year and thank our employees who we call partners for their hard work and dedication. I will turn the call over to Mike for more details on the first quarter performance and the impact of the Document Management Business. And then, I will provide a few comments on our updated fiscal 2015 guidance.
Bill Gale: Thank you, Mike. We’re updating our fiscal 2015 revenue guidance to be in the range of $4.4 billion to $4.475 billion. This revenue guidance has changed from our initial guidance provided in July to reflect the elimination of document storage and imaging revenue due to its classification as discontinued operations. This updated guidance also reflects our first quarter revenue performance and our thoughts on the U.S. economic environment for the remainder of our fiscal 2015 year. As Scott Farmer indicated in our press release earlier today, we believe the U.S. economy remains inconsistent and we believe recent global events increase the unpredictability of the environment. We are also updating our fiscal 2015 earnings per diluted share guidance to be in the range of $3.20 to $3.29. This guidance reflects a number of items. First we have eliminated the benefits from the documents storage and imaging business. Second, we have incorporated the additional $0.04 Shred-it Transaction gain. Third, this updated guidance continues to assume no benefit from the Shred-it partnership but does reflect the first quarter $0.11 gain on the sale of stock in an equity method investment which was also in the initial guidance provided in July. Lastly the updated guidance reflects the first quarter performance and also our thoughts on the U.S. economic environment. This concludes our prepared remarks and we will now be glad to answer your questions.
Bill Gale: Well, the document storage and imaging business did have a minor contribution to our initial guidance, it was about $0.03. So, basically you are backing that out. I think you accounted for the $0.04 special gain in the first quarter due to the Shred-it Transaction, but you are correct that we are increasing guidance on the rental first aid business and our direct sale business basically. Primarily, as the result of the first quarter results, which were better than we originally expected, and while we expect the rest of the year to be good, we don’t expect it to be as robust as we saw in the first quarter. Again, it could be a bit conservative on our part, but there has been ongoing inconsistency in the jobs reports. We still are seeing a reluctance in the part of many of our customers to expand our operations, to add employees. As Mike indicated, there was very little, there was no help from add-stops in the quarter, basically it continues to be from new business and then again as he said, a better pricing environment. So, I guess in summary what we are saying is yes increased guidance from continuing operations but probably not at the same rate that you saw in the first quarter.
Bill Gale: Well I went back and looked at some of our releases last year and our calls. And I think we did indicate that pricing environment was beginning to improve even in fiscal ‘14. And I think what happened in this first quarter is we saw continued improvement. I think part of it is driven by probably a better education on our part for our service providers and sales people to go to our customers and explain that we’ve had the cost increases over the last several years and have not really been able to pass those on to the extent that we feel justified that we should be able to. So I don’t want to create a belief that we just have really skyrocketed prices, we haven’t, but we certainly have been able to get more of a price increase than we have since the end of the recession.
Bill Gale: John, I really can’t answer that question right now. There’s a lot of things going on. So it would be premature for me to speculate on a specific timeframe.
Bill Gale: Well, we’ve have been -- we’ve remained active Greg, in the M&A area throughout the last couple of years. And as I have indicated in the past, it’s not for lack of effort on our part, it’s for the appropriate valuation that we feel an acquisition would make sense for our shareholders. So, at this point, we are still very much wanting to do some big acquisitions, and we are continuing to work diligently for those. But there is nothing at this point that has come to fruition, primarily because of valuation expectations.
Bill Gale: Well, I think the first quarter was reflective of a lot of things we’ve already been able to implement. It’s greater utilization of our plans and our routes. It’s more selling of products and services that do not require the processing through our laundry facilities, things like chemical dispending and hygiene services et cetera. I think it also is just an attitude on the part of the company to continue to drive excess cloths out of the business and work toward improving the margins back to the levels that we had achieved prior to the recession. We had stable energy cost, so we didn’t have to deal with that this quarter. Better utilization of our stockrooms for our Uniform business. So, I think it’s just a number of different things. As far as looking out for the rest of the year, I think you as look at our guidance what we’re saying is we would probably anticipate maintaining margins at relatively the same levels that we achieved in the first quarter. As far as any significant upside potential, I doubt if that is really available. I’d say it’s more maintaining what we’ve achieved.
Bill Gale: Well, we talked to last quarter that net add/stops were slightly better than the previous year. In this first quarter, they were slightly lower than last year. And so we really haven’t seen much of a trend. We’ve continued to kind of bump along with net add/stops. We haven’t seen any change in that performance or any discernable trends in September either. And so, we are expecting that we’ll just kind of continue to bump along relatively and consistently in net add/stops, and don’t anticipate that our customers will start hiring at any rapid pace anytime soon.
Bill Gale: Not really. It pretty much just reflects kind of a status quo where we don’t really see any improvement over prior years in add/stops but we’ll continued new business, which is basically new customers and increased penetration of different products and services. And then hopefully a reasonable pricing environment continuing as we saw in the first quarter.
Bill Gale: I really don’t have a way of doing that very easily George and probably wouldn’t be able to disclose that even if I had it because of competitive things. But I would say all of them are contributing factors. And it’s, basically you’ve got all different sorts of initiatives going on from different levels of capital investments, from efficiencies. Obviously the pricing helps. So, it’s just very difficult for me to be able to split that kind of stuff out.
Bill Gale: I am not sure I would commit to breaking above prior peak margins. I’d love to be able to get back to those margins in the future. And I think we’re making very good progress towards that regard. But keep in mind, the cost of doing business today is more than what it cost back in 2005 and ’06, we hit those margins. So, we are attempting to get back there, but to exceed it would be pretty difficult thing to do, I think.
Bill Gale: Well, sorry for the confusion Andy. What I was saying the absolute level of the margins should be relative, I would hope, would be relatively to close what we achieved in the first quarter.
Bill Gale: It’s a very complex set of analysis that one must go through, and we decided to be conservative. And basically classify it that way since we believe that within the next months we won’t necessarily be operating those as we are today, they’ll be part of a joint venture or they’ll be sold to another party.
Bill Gale: Your assumption first, and yes there is no real acquisition growth going forward other than what you just saw.
Bill Gale: Maybe for $85 million, last year’s storage revenue was $82 million. And so it’s roughly that same amount.
Bill Gale: I think it’s the same. I don’t think my view, our view I shouldn’t say it’s my view, our views have really changed from the way we felt the last couple of quarters. We were obviously pleased with the first quarter results, better than what we initially expected. But has that given us confidence that that will continue, not yet. And we’d love to be able to continue to surprise everybody on the upside, but I just not confident enough to give you that comfort.
Mike Hansen: Well, as it relates to our performance Greg, it’s been relatively broad revenue growth for us. Our new business still comes from customers of all different types. We’ve been able to sell additional products and services into existing customers of all types. And so, I would say that it’s been a fairly broad revenue growth stream for us. As we look at the job performance, even in this first quarter as well as the entire calendar year, we’ve generally seen a bit of narrow employment improvement, and about a third coming -- about a third of the employment growth coming from some verticals that don’t help our businesses, particularly uniform rental much and that being professional services, fast-food service, temps, education. But having said that, we’ve been able to continue to sell to many different verticals both in new business and in penetrating with additional products and services.
Mike Hansen: That’s right Andy, but it’s not a government contract. It is a customer. It was a commercial customer who, because of a government regulation, was forced to close down some of their operations and therefore they bought out of their contract. So it was not to having to do with the government so we’ll get sure clarify that.
Mike Hansen: Well, you are absolutely right. We have an obligation to impair it if it were not going to get that value. So, this is all subjective. But our expectation is that those were fair values that are on the balance sheet.
Mike Hansen: Okay, regarding your first question about the growth of the different products and services. We have seen very good growth in our uniform rental business, and we have seen growth in our ancillary products and services. So, the mat rental, the hygiene products and service, which is made-up of air fresheners and soaps and towel dispensers and the chemical dispensing. All are growing quite nicely. We won’t get into the specific level of growth on any of them, but they are all growing quite nicely. And we continue to improve the amounts of products and services at our existing customers. We still believe we have a long way and a long great opportunity continue adding those. But certainly they have gotten better, in terms of the penetration amounts, have gotten better in the last few years. That doesn’t give you any specific numbers. But we don’t really get into the specifics of any of those. But I can tell you that directionally we’re doing very well.
Mike Hansen: And Andrew, I would say that is a pretty good summation of our view for the rest of the year, and that’s what reflected in the guidance. Yes, again, we are being somewhat conservative, driven by enlarge by what we continue to see this inconsistency, and then all the different activity going around the world that seems to impact people’s thinking on business. So, obviously, if we can achieve similar results in the rest of the year that we saw in the first quarter, we’ll be at the upper end if not exceed that guidance. So obviously, if it goes the other way, we’ll be down the lower-end.
Mike Hansen: Well, 700 and some thousand shares were the result of the share purchase program that we reported to you in July. That was kind of the combination of the 4.2 million shares we bought beginning in our fourth quarter. Then the remainder of that was due to the fact when we have restricted stock that that’s with our partners. There is a tax obligation as a considered ordinary income. And so what we do is we basically sell enough of a share that they invest and to pay for the payroll taxes.
Mike Hansen: It really has not. We continue to experiment with it, but it has not really proven to be beneficial yet. And we are certainly trying it but it’s nothing we’ve been able to rollout.
Mike Hansen: Thank you all very much for joining us and being interested in the results. And at this point, we would expect to issue our second quarter results some time before the Christmas holiday in mid to late December. So, until then, thank you again.
