Paul Adler: Thanks, Russ, and thank you for joining us. With me is Todd Schneider, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Hansen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will discuss our fiscal 2023 second quarter results. After our commentary, we will open the call to questions from analysts. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a Safe Harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. This conference call contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views as to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those we may discuss. I refer you to the discussion on these points contained in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I'll now turn the call over to Todd.
Paul Adler: That concludes our prepared remarks. Now we are happy to answer questions from the analysts. Please ask just one question and a single follow-up if needed. Thank you.
Paul Adler: All right. Well thank you for joining us this morning. We will issue our third quarter of fiscal '23 financial results in late March and we look forward to speaking with you again at that time. Take care.
Mike Hansen: Thanks, Todd, and good morning. Our fiscal 2023 second quarter revenue was $2.17 billion compared to $1.92 billion last year. The organic revenue growth rate adjusted for acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations was 12.8%. Gross margin for the second quarter of fiscal '23 was $1 billion compared to $885.1 million last year, an increase of 15.5%. Gross margin as a percent of revenue was 47% for the second quarter of fiscal '23 compared to 46% last year. Energy expenses comprised of gasoline, natural gas and electricity were a headwind, increasing 10 basis points from last year. Strong volume growth from new customers and the penetration of existing customers with more products and services helped generate great operating leverage. Gross margin percentage by business was 47% for Uniform Rental and Facility Services. 50.5% for First Aid and Safety Services. 47.4% for Fire Protection Services, and 37.2% for Uniform Direct Sale. Operating income of $444.9 million compared to $381.2 million last year. Fiscal '23 second quarter operating income increased 16.7% and operating income margin increased 70 basis points to 20.5% from 19.8% last year. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 22.1% compared to 18% last year. The tax rate can move from period-to-period based on discrete events, including the amount of stock compensation expense. Net income for the second quarter was $324.3 million compared to $294.7 million last year, an increase of 10.1%. This year's diluted EPS of $3.12 compared to $2.76 last year, an increase of 13%. We had to overcome higher inflation, interest expense and tax rate, therefore we are especially pleased with these financial results. Cash flow remains strong on September 15th, 2022. We declared dividends and pay them on December 15th, 2022 in the amount of $117.4 million in quarterly dividends. To provide our annual -- Todd provided our annual financial guidance related to the guidance. Please note the following. Fiscal '22 included a gain on sale of operating assets in the first quarter and a gain on an equity method investment in the third quarter. Excluding these items, fiscal '22 operating income was $1.55 billion, a margin of 19.7% and diluted EPS was $11.28. Please see the table in our earnings press release for more information. Fiscal '23 operating income is expected to be in the range of $1.75 billion to $1.79 billion compared to $1.55 billion in fiscal '22 after excluding the gains. Fiscal '23 interest expense is expected to be $113 million compared to $88.8 million in fiscal '22 due in part to higher interest rates. Our fiscal '23 effective tax rate is expected to be 20.7%. This compares to a rate of 17.9% in fiscal '22 after excluding the gains and their related tax impacts. Please keep the following in mind when modeling third quarter versus fourth quarter financial results. The number of work days in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal '23 are unchanged from fiscal '22. There are 64 days in the third quarter and 66 days in the fourth. Less work days results in less revenue to cover certain fixed and amortizing costs. In last year's third quarter, First Aid and Safety sold about $15 million in COVID test kits. We don't expect that revenue to repeat this year. Uniform Direct Sale organic revenue growth rates have been very strong year-to-date, however we expect these rates to be pressured in the second half of the fiscal year as the business faces increasingly challenging comparisons. Payroll taxes reset in our fiscal third quarter, increasing our SG&A costs on a sequential basis. Our financial guidance does not include the impact of any future share buybacks and we remain in a dynamic environment that can continue to change. Our guidance contemplates a stable economy and excludes pandemic related setbacks or economic downturns. I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Mike Hansen: Sure, John. This is Mike and we haven't changed our philosophy in terms of capital allocation. We want to continue to invest in the business. And certainly, as we've seen the accelerated growth over the last three quarters, we are investing in the business, but we love M&A and we continue to have all of the discussions to try to keep that pipeline active, but it always takes to come to a decision and we are working those conversations hard and our expectation is that we will be able to continue in the M&A path, but that's we certainly love that option. And certainly, we -- I misspoke a minute ago on dividends. We paid a dividend in September - on September 15th, we paid another one on December 15th, and we certainly have increased the dividend every year we've gone public. We like that option as well and then the buyback continues to be an opportunistic alternative for us when we have excess cash, so no philosophy changes. We're still working all of those in the same way that we have.
Mike Hansen: The only thing I might add is to specifically, Andy, nothing to call out that there is one-time or short-term in nature. It's just that the business is performing very, very well.
Mike Hansen: Manav, I might add, you go back 2.5 years to the pandemic to the beginning of the pandemic. I think we show that we can be pretty nimble when it comes to our cost structure and adapting to changes in the environment.
Mike Hansen: Well, look, we -- what you've seen maybe in the first half of this year is when we grow and we've seen three quarters now straight of double-digit organic growth. So a nice actually four quarters, so a nice acceleration in the performance. And when we grow and the volumes are healthy, we certainly invest in the business and that investment can come through in the way of working capital. And so you see a little bit more working capital usage in our cash flow statement. And that's not necessarily unusual for us when we see an acceleration in the growth rate. But we like our cash flow. It will continue to be strong and this year should not be an exception to that. And that cash flow. I talked a few minutes ago about capital allocation and the cash flow that we've got going on this year will not force us to make choices. We can still do all of the capital allocation that we typically think about. So we like where we are.
Mike Hansen: Well, we haven't, Seth, we haven't really changed the narrative on that in terms of the 20% to 30%. But you know as -- there are different ebbs and flows within the business. And sometimes there are periods where we are investing maybe a little bit more than in other quarters et cetera. And, you know, Todd's focused on the full year results and the longer term results. And so there can be ups and downs, certainly, based on our guidance, we are contemplating margin improvement in the back half of the year. And I don't know that it's anything that we're ready to say is a new norm. It's just simply we look at the year and say we've got some really good incremental margins in that 20% to 30% range that will cause the full year margins to go up. But I wouldn't look at it as a new normal type of a thing. It's just simply there are ebbs and flows within the business and timing of investments, et cetera.
Mike Hansen: Yes, Seth, I'll take that one. We love the Fire business. It's a very attractive business for us, it's the only business we're in where every business legally has to comply with the local laws around it. So the TAM is absolutely massive. And our sales team is doing really well and we're selling into additional customers. We're selling more into our existing customers. We've got a great offering. We really like our position in the marketplace. And the team is doing a heck of a job. So, yes, we would like to continue to grow that business at double-digit rates. Can it achieve the levels that where we are today, that would be outstanding. But certainly double-digits is our focus for that business.
Mike Hansen: Toni, I would say, it comes from a lot of different places and it's hard to put a number on any particular one of them. But, you know, a couple examples. Energy, we've kind of looked at that, as Todd mentioned earlier, still is a little bit of a headwind going forward. So we're not necessarily expecting we'll get a bunch of energy benefit in the second half of the year, but our revenue growth has been really strong and the performance the momentum has been good and that certainly will continue to help in the second half of the year when we grow at real nice levels like we've guided towards and like we've had in the first half of the year, that always helps our ability to drive better margins. But we've talked over the last year or so about important initiatives that we have. Those remain and continue to do well and those are things like our routing improvements through our smart truck initiative. And we have more of those, whether it is sourcing initiatives that Todd touched on in First Aid or others. But those initiatives become very important to us, too. And then there are just some timing of things, maybe some investment in the first half of the year that was really helping propel our growth and continue our momentum. That may not be at the same type of level in the second half of the year. So it's a lot of those different pieces that kind of fall together. And it's, you know, it's hard to put numbers on every single one of those.
Todd Schneider: Good morning, Faiza. Thank you for your question. Yes, we, our beat on the revenue side are driven significantly by new business, it's continues to be a very attractive for us. But we are selling more items into our customer base. So it's pretty broad. I mentioned in the prepared comments that pricing is above what our historical experience has been. As you can imagine, due to the experience with inflation that we're seeing across our organization. But it is -- but the primary drivers volume growth and we're benefiting from that. We're investing for that and things are -- we like the trend there. As far as on the margin side, we are committed that we are not going to be solely focused on growing margins because of pricing. In fact, we are dedicated to finding efficiencies in our business, some of that is through revenue leverage just general revenue leverage that we get, but we are focused on finding efficiencies and you mentioned SAP certainly that technology is helping us significantly. We've had -- we've talked about our -- the digitization. Our digital transformation of our business that has been very, very important to us and we're seeing benefits whether it's in our routing efficiencies, productivity of our sales partners, be getting better reuse of our products, in-service inventory because of SAP. Those are all benefits that we're seeing and the marketplace is noticing it and it's helping us with a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Todd Schneider: Great. First off, we continue to watch our customer base very closely. We're looking at all of our data to see if there's some trends that we might see if customers are consuming less and what have you. So we're watching that. Now as far as in a recession every recession that I've been -- I've experienced while at Cintas over the last 33 years, we've always sold an attractive amount of new business. And the reason being is, we hope businesses and in an environment, that we help them, position them for success as far as, if they're in the business and they have less people, then somebody still has to take care of certain functions. So we're able to sell value there. If they are in an environment where they're looking to save money, there's in many cases we're able to save them money. It's not that they are. We're always asking for increased spend. It's just redirect the spend to us. And in many cases, we're able to help customers with that instead of spending it with some other vendor or with an outsourced item that they bring it to us. And we can bring efficiencies to them. So we fully expect that we -- our new business will be attractive in any type of economic environment. Certainly, we prefer when the economy is growing robustly, but we'll find ways to be successful in whatever the environment.
Todd Schneider: Yes, thank you, John. I'll speak to it if, Mike, if you'd like to contribute on this subject. But, first off, our retention levels are quite attractive. We very much like where they are. We're focused on making sure that our customer is - it's why we wake up in the morning, is to take care of them, and that focus that culture is pervasive and we're making sure that our partners are positioned to be able to make sure they can take care of them and exceed their expectations. So all that is attractive for us and keep in mind we have a really broad customer base. So we serve over million customers that we see on a very consistent basis. Some are doing some are challenged in the current economic environment, whether they struggle to find people or they're struggling with the wage inflation or inflation in general and then we have other customers that are thriving in this type of environment and frankly we have everything in between. And but generally speaking, what we see are, it's still -- we still like what we see with our customer base. And I think that broad customer base is a real benefit for us.
Todd Schneider: Thank you, George, for the question, and good morning. Again, we have a very broad customer base. And we have a very broad product offering and we're blessed to have both and as a result we're organized in a manner where we're trying to make sure that our customers know everything that we have to offer, they don't always. We've spoken in the past about how going through the pandemic was really, really challenging. One of the positive outputs of that was the fact that our customer base saw the broadness of our offering and in many cases didn't realize we had products and services that we have. So we're focused on that. We're trying to provide more value. When we do that, it is, it helps us because we're -- when we stop our truck and the invoice is larger that's good leverage for us. So we'll provide more value to the customer and we're getting leverage in that manner. So all that's positive. So as far as the sales process being elongated. We're not saying that at this point. And as I mentioned earlier, we are certainly seeing a mix out there. Some customers are struggling and some are doing quite well and everything in-between. But generally speaking the customer base continues to head in a positive manner.
Todd Schneider: Yes, good question, George. So no programmers continues to be a really great opportunity for us. The majority of our new accounts that we sell are in the no programmers section. And so we've been focused on that. We train our partners on that. And those that set of prospects sees value in what we provide. And as a result, the TAM is massive and so that's very exciting for us and we see very nice growth opportunities into the future.
Todd Schneider: Yes, Andy, good question. We're excited about the gross margin improvement that we're seeing in that business. Despite a 20 basis points headline that we're that we're up against in energy still. So, you're right, the SG&A is up. It's there is we're making investments in the business and appropriately so. Also some G&A medical costs, workers' comp and what have you are higher this quarter and there's always some puts and takes as it relates to that, but we are guiding towards for the whole year in that business, incrementals in the 20% to 30% range and we are, as I mentioned, that margin expansion is going to come in a number of ways, but revenue growth leverage, productivity, which is a broad word, right. There are so many areas where we get productivity improvements and pricing. But, yes, so we're focused on improving the margins there and we'll manage through the G&A investment, the SG&A investment as we move forward.
Todd Schneider: Thanks for the question, Tim, good morning. As far as labor is concerned, the -- I'll call the labor market in totality, easier, but not easy. It is still certainly challenging there. We care passionately about how that looks for our customers and how it impacts our customers. I mentioned some are struggling to staff still and as a result, that affects their business, which impacts us. So but from his standpoint of Cintas and how we're staffed that is not affecting our growth rate, it would be more about how our customers are impacted. I can tell you it wouldn't go well here. If someone said I can't grow as fast as you think I should because I can't staff. We figure that out and we think the environment that we provide for our partners where they have great opportunities and a great wage and benefits and great security and great development is a real advantage for us in the marketplace. So as far as Cintas staffing that is not slowing us up. Certainly, our customers could be impacted by that to some degree.
Todd Schneider: Yes. Wage rates. I don't have an exact number to give you, but we start with the answer and work backwards. And the answer is, we've got to have great people, we've got to have really well-trained and prepared people who can help us be successful and take care of our customers. So is above historical. Yes, it is above historical but nevertheless we're focused on putting the very, very best team out on the field, so that we can take great care of our customers and prepare us for the future of this organization.
Todd Schneider: Yes, Manav, thanks for the question. Yes, we always have anxiety, right. It's part of making sure you're sharp and but nevertheless it is, we do worry about do our, as an economy, do we talk ourselves into pulling back and is that happen to our customer base and does that happen as a ripple effect and but we're not seeing it. We're again, our customer base. It's so broad. Some are doing great. Some are not. But in general we like the direction of our customer base and we in many ways we hope they don't read the press and they stay focused on taking care of their business and investing for the future. And but we'll see what that holds and how the Fed handles things and how that might impact the general economy.
Todd Schneider: Andrew we -- as it relates to the amortization, certainly you've seen the growth that I've talked about a few times and that translates into more garments and other products being injected into our in-service inventory. And we love that. We love when that happens. And so we're seeing growth in the amortization. But we're able to leverage that pretty nicely so far. And you know our business well. We amortize many of those rental products. And so we have good foresight or visibility into what's coming. And that means we can plan, we can source, we can increase prices when necessary. So the visibility gives us a nice advantage in terms of how we think about other ways of operating the business. And as it relates to the second half of the year, look, we don't typically provide guidance on gross margin specifically. But certainly the guidance that we've provided contemplates improvement in our operating margins in the second half of the year and the growth that we have on the top line and all of the other initiatives and things we've got going on. They are performing well and enabling us to do that, to do that margin improvement even in a difficult period of time.
Todd Schneider: Heather, thanks for the question. Yes, so a slight, but still very attractive growth. We like where that is. We're preparing for that. And but we are certainly up against some tougher comps in the back half, specifically with First Aid and Uniform Direct sale. So we'll be lapping those and but we like the growth levels and we find them quite attractive. And that's what we are preparing for.
Todd Schneider: Yes, good question. So again, our customer base is very broad, but I'll tell you this that our verticals where we're investing are, you know, health care, hospitality, education, government are performing quite well and they're growing at an accretive rate to our growth. And we think we choose them wisely and invested in them appropriately. And that customer base is doing well. Within that customer base, again, you get a mix, but nevertheless in general we like that area and it's growing very attractively for us.
Todd Schneider: Kartik, it's a good question. I continue to talk about how broad our customer base is. So you name it, we see it. But the scarcity of employee -- of workers is an issue. Unemployment is still at a very, very low level. There's still, I think, 10 million job openings in the U.S. economy. So as a result of that, you know, people are, I think, careful about how they're handling their employees and being judicious about that.
Todd Schneider: Yes. So we still see energy as a headwind. And when you go to the pump right now, it is certainly a little bit lower than it was a quarter ago. But about 40% of our spend on energy is in natural gas for our production facilities and electric. And that is not heading in the right direction. Natural gas prices are up and electric prices are up. And so but certainly the attention more gets to everybody fills up at the pump for the most part, but not as much focus on natural gas or electric. But we're seeing it and it's I'm sure it's affecting households as well.
Todd Schneider: Shlomo, great question. It really depends upon -- our view of the what the staffing levels of our customers will be. It really depends upon where our relationship is some they'll share with us. Hey, calendar '23, here's what we're thinking. Others, they don't depending upon our relationship levels or their planning level. And so in that case, it's a little bit more reactive. So, you name it, we have that type of experience where it's very transparent and we have a good. We can see around the corner with our expectations there. And then some are just very reactive and we have to see what's going on with their customers. So but generally speaking with add stops, I would say, we see our experiences continues and the patterns that we have in the past. And I mentioned earlier that, I don't know, certainly Q1 speaking of the economy Q1, Q2 was GDP shrunk. Q3 was slightly positive. We'll see what Q4. holds in store for GDP. It's tough to tell, if we're in a technical recession or if we're not and what calendar '23 holds in store for us. But the employment situation in the U.S. is still tough to get people and as I mentioned there's 10 million job openings. We'll see if that continues to decline. But we're trying to make sure that we're positioned to grow and but as Mike mentioned, if the economy affects our customer base in a very negative manner, we'll be prepared to pivot and manage our cost structure appropriately and we're planning on being successful in whatever the economic environment brings to us.
Todd Schneider: Shlomo, as I mentioned, in our prepared remarks, pricing is -- has always been a component of our growth. Same is the - what we went through with some serious economic turbulence with COVID-19 and what have you. So that being said, we're planning on growing our business most attractively through volume growth and getting leverage there and planning on growing margins via leverage on that revenue growth and finding efficiencies in our business. That being said, it's a very competitive environment. And as we talk to our customers, they certainly challenge us. And they want us to find efficiencies in our business and not just pass along cost to them and that's what we're focused on.
Todd Schneider: Yes, Scott. I'll start, Mike, if you want to contribute on this subject there. As far as the market, the competitive market. We sell a lot of no programmers. Certainly we do take business from our competitors, but that's, we find that there are so many businesses out there that say, wow, I didn't realize that you would serve a business of my size or I didn't realize you had those types of products and services and they see great value in what we do and so we're very focused on that. As far as the customer base, the larger customers, some of them are struggling, smaller ones are certainly some of them are struggling, but I would say, generally speaking, the smaller ones are probably a little under a little bit more pressure just because it's tough to attract retain staff, pay people and at the levels that you have to be competitive in the marketplace. So that's kind of a generalization that may not be completely fair and I could give you plenty of examples of smaller businesses that are thriving. But that's kind of a generalization I thought I might share with you.
Todd Schneider: Sure. Good question. Very broad based. It's not one customer or a couple customers. It's very broad based. And when you think about that, that area, certainly hospitality is a big component of it, but there's other customers that are national and scope type customers. But hospitality specifically I'll speak to, yes, they're struggling to staff, but there's a lot of demand out there in the hospitality sector. And as a result they need help. And you know and when you think of that, when they're struggling to staff and they have to provide products and services, we've become a very attractive opportunity for them to sole source and to provide products that they can get quickly and that are very attractive and allow them to provide the proper guest experience that they want to provide for their patrons.
Todd Schneider: Yes, Toni, good question. As we think about pricing in the future, it certainly is above historical today. It's tough to predict what inflation holds in the future. But presuming that comes down, I'd say you'd see us closer to historical from a price adjustments. But it really depends upon what happens with the Fed, what happens with the economy, what happens with wage pressures are so many inputs. And that one's tough to predict. So but we're watching it very closely.
