Spencer Frazier: Thank you, John, and good afternoon. It's a pleasure to be joining the call. My remarks will focus on our sales and marketing strategy, but will also include some perspectives on the market, as well as feedback we are hearing from our customers. During the second quarter, we saw more normalized seasonal patterns across our business. On the demand side, the second quarter felt more like what we're accustomed to seeing prior to the pandemic disruption. April started a little slower from a demand perspective, primarily due to the timing of Easter, but we did experience what used to be a typical end of month and end of quarter lift in June. This was evidenced particularly in both JBI and JBT in the quarter, where we've seen strong improvements in bid compliance levels in the mid-80s to 90s levels, which we haven't seen in quite some time. We were able to meet this seasonal demand for our customers with high service levels across our businesses. Our customers have worked through most of their excess inventory and feel appropriately right-sized with current sales activity levels. While we cannot predict when the market will inflect, our customers know we stand ready to meet their growing transportation needs across our entire scroll of services. Regarding our scroll, our customers buy capacity across our suite of services and have come to expect a consistent high service level experience. In fact, greater than 90% of our Top 100 customers buy more than one service from us and greater than 75% buy from three or more services. Among our segments, JBI and ICS have the highest overlap amongst our Top 100 customers. We see the power of the scroll in our sales efforts as customers have recently wanted to de-emphasize their use of brokers in favor of assets. And we've converted some nice wins over to JBT as a result. Being mode-indifferent and offering customers the best solution will always guide our go-to-market strategy. As we look at the overall freight market, we still see oversupply across all modes, with shippers having options on both mode and provider to move their freight. Now, while capacity is not a top concern right now, there is an awareness that this will change at some point, but the timing of which though remains unclear. Currently, cost and value are the primary differentiators right now for customers, and we continue to lean into the value we can deliver to customers with our premium service. As we have said in previous quarters, we don't know when the cycle will shift and aren't going to make a prediction. But we remain committed to investing in our business for the long term and being ready to grow with our customers over many years to solve their transportation needs with high service levels they've come to expect from J.B. Hunt. I'll wrap up with some of the feedback we're getting regarding peak season. We see the same datasets that most of you track and read the same headlines around what's happening in the ocean freight market. The feedback we hear is an expectation for a peak season this year, but the magnitude or length of peak remains to be seen. That said, some customers have pulled a portion of their peak freight forward a couple months, given the multiple macro factors that could impact the supply chain later this year. This pull forward has created an early peak on the water, but that hasn't translated into domestic inland moves just yet. We are working with customers on peak season plans to ensure we have resources properly positioned to meet their transportation needs. That concludes my remarks. So, I would now like to turn the call over to Nick.
Spencer Frazier: Yeah, and hey, John, this is Spencer. I'd just like to add a little bit to that. When I talk about normal seasonal trends, I think that's something that we really need to think about across our customer base. Normal seasonal trends end of month, end of quarter, in Q2 really are related to back to school, things that are prepping for that season, for other events that take place here in July with different promotional things. So, I'm encouraged from our customer base that really normal seasonality started to show up for us. And I think that's something that we're going to be looking forward to as we move on. I think that in the prior years, we struggled really with seeing seasonal trends in a normal way. There was just still so much disruption. So, appreciate the question, just wanted to add those comments.
Spencer Frazier: Yeah, Darren, I'll share a few things. Tom, thanks for the question. We appreciate every customer that we have and all the conversations we have. One of the things as we look forward, they are talking about their peak season plans. But, when we ask for our customers' forecasts, that's an area they still struggle with. They've struggled in the past, they struggle today, and we really lean into our team, leveraging our data, sharing our expectations, and really collaborate with our customers from here to try to understand what they need and how we can set our ops teams up to serve them well. If we look at the end of the month and the end of the quarter, I don't think that two weeks is going to make a trend, or two months. What we need to do is get actual data from our customers and their expectations on what they anticipate their demand is going to be and then really set ourselves up to serve them well and that's really what we're focused on right now and looking forward to working with them to do that.
Nick Hobbs: Thanks, Spencer, and good afternoon. I'll provide an update on Dedicated, Final Mile Business, and give an update on our areas of focus across our operations. I'll start with Dedicated. While we are not immune to the impact of the overall market, we believe our results during the quarter continue to highlight the strength and resiliency of our unique, Dedicated business model. We believe our differentiation is supported by our focus on providing professional, outsourced private fleet solutions to a broad and diverse group of customers, in addition to our relentless focus on delivering value to our customers. During the second quarter, we sold 325 trucks of new deals. While we have visibility to some losses or downsizing throughout 2024, our sales pipeline remains solid and our team has done well to backfill some of those losses. Despite the challenging market conditions, importantly, we have remained committed to our discipline in the types of deals we underwrite without sacrificing our return thresholds. With a proven track record of high service levels and our ability to create value for our customers, we continue to have success onboarding new business and renewing business with our existing customers. We remain confident in our ability to execute on the transportation needs of our customers and the opportunity to further compound our growth over many years. Going forward, despite our strong new truck sales in the first half of the year, I would expect our fleet count to end the year relatively flat from our Q2 levels, with some additional startup expenses as new trucks are brought into the fleet. Shifting to Final Mile. I continue to be pleased with our progress we have made to improve the overall health of this business. This journey started many years ago as we focused on a differentiated high quality service to then focusing on revenue quality and remaining cost discipline throughout the process. The market for big and bulky delivery continues to evolve and customers are looking for a high quality, safe and secure service provider with national scale. For transparency purposes, our second quarter results did include a net benefit of $1.1 million from two offsetting claims settlements. Demand for big and bulky products remain mixed with stable demand for both appliances and exercise equipment, but continued softness in furniture demand. We remain modestly encouraged by our sales pipeline and continue to see new brands engage in discussions with our team. We continue to strive to provide the highest level as we deliver products into the homes of our customers' customer with a focus on being safe and secure. We will remain disciplined with potential new business to ensure appropriate returns for our service while we work to grow the business and improve profitability. Going forward, we would expect some customer churn as we continue to focus on revenue quality, but for margin performance to follow fairly normal seasonal patterns, excluding the unique item called out in the quarter. Similar to the last quarters, I'll close with some comments on safety. Our company was built on a foundation of safety for not only our people but also the motoring public and we continue to invest in training and equipment to enhance our already strong safety culture. We continue to lead the industry with our fleet that is now over 97% rolled out with inward-facing cameras and we remain on track to be 100% complete by the end of the third quarter. As you may recall, 2023 was our best safety performance on record for DOT preventable accidents per million miles. And I'm pleased to say, with the help of our inward facing cameras, along with our numerous other innovative safety initiatives, we are seeing further improvements so far here today. This is a testament to the quality of our drivers and the safety culture of our company as the cost of claims continues to move up exponentially, we remain focused on finding new innovative ways to further enhance our safety performance and mitigate risk where possible. This concludes my remarks. So, I would like to now turn it over to Darren.
Nick Hobbs: Yeah, well, first, thanks, Daniel, for the question. First, from startup cost, I would say we're just starting to see some of those startup costs come in. We had a pretty good chunk that's starting this month in July. And so you're going to see that a little bit in Q3. But that's a good thing for us. From a competitive standpoint, I would just say from our model and what we go after, we've been very disciplined in that. And so we've seen some competitiveness in retail in what I would call the basic retail replenishment is where we see most of our stiff competition, a little bit more aggressive pricing from some of the one-way truck models are quasi-dedicated in that segment. But in the other, I would just tell you our pipeline, as I said, is very solid. And you've seen the numbers that we've sold. So we think we still have a very good footing on what we're going to sell. We're just facing a little bit of pressure in some of those retail areas.
Nick Hobbs: Yeah, Ravi. Thank you for the question. It's been an incredibly difficult and competitive market. That's certainly been a factor. As we stated in previous quarters, we've been focused largely on quality, and that's also weighed in on some of our volume losses. And in the commentary and my prepared remarks, I made reference to the impact of some of the challenges that we've had on the BNSF acquisition. And so really what we see there is that we lost some business shortly after acquiring the brokerage assets of BNSF Logistics that were unexpected. We've also accelerated and I'm happy to say that we have been largely successful at integrating from a technology but that came with some incremental cost in the first half. And so that's also weighed us down. When we think about the bigger picture and where our focus has been, there's no doubt that we're dissatisfied with our performance in ICS. I am, however, encouraged at what we saw, and Spencer referenced it kind of on the seasonal trends. I think even Darren mentioned what they saw in their business. We saw something very similar, both not only in ICS but also in JBT when we really think about breaking down the second quarter month by month and we saw a really good step forward from our May volumes into our June volumes on a workday basis. And so, I feel like we saw a step-up greater than what we historically would see, and I do believe that in part that is our strategy starting to take form on growing back with quality partners, quality customers, and quality carriers. Again, can't quite see it fully in our results yet, but we took a nice step forward on our volumes.
Darren Field: Thank you, Nick, and thank you to everyone for joining us this afternoon on the call. I'll review the performance of our Intermodal business during the quarter, give an update on the market and service performance, and highlight the continued opportunity we have to deliver value for our customers and all of our stakeholders. I'll start with Intermodal's performance. Overall, while we saw seasonality that resembled more normalized pre-pandemic demand trends during the quarter, the impact of a depressed truckload market and competitive bid season in general, more than offset this and drove our volume down 1% year-over-year. This was primarily driven in the east where we compete more directly with one-way truckload where our volumes were down 7% in the quarter. This was partially offset by our Transcon business growing 4% in the quarter. We continue to see strong demand out of Southern California where volumes were up double digits versus the prior year. By month, our consolidated volumes were down 3% in April, up 1% in May, and down 1% in June. During June, we did see a nice seasonal lift in volume, particularly toward the end of the month, and importantly, we were able to meet our customers' capacity needs with strong service levels, highlighting the strength and flexibility of our network. As we look at the freight market, we continue to see a large amount of freight that we believe should be converted from over-the-road to Intermodal as it is more economical and environmentally friendly. As I've said it before and I want to say it again, we stand ready and have the capacity and people in place to meet and exceed our customer service needs and recapture share from the highway moving forward. During the quarter, we did see margin pressure both year-over-year and sequentially. This is largely related to the market pressure on our yields but also due to our capacity investments. While volume does mean more to us now than ever before given our underutilized capacity, our modestly lower volume year-over-year and only slightly higher volumes sequentially wasn't enough to absorb our higher cost and deflationary yield pressure. As discussed earlier in the year, bid season was competitive and largely wrapped up during the second quarter. We continued to see truckload pricing that we believe is unsustainable, particularly in the east, and shippers took advantage. Given the nature of our pricing cycle, we will be living with a large portion of the recently completed bids into the first half of 2025. With regard to our rail service providers, we have been pleased with the service from each of our providers, their commitment to the intermodal offering and growing the overall market. That said, we and our railroad partners know the true test of our collective service will come once freight volumes increase with higher overall demand on our networks. We remain confident in the collaborative work and investments being made to maintain high service levels as the inflection occurs. In closing, we continue to strongly believe in the strength of our intermodal franchise. Our customers trust us and we continue to find new and innovative ways to better serve their transportation needs. Our service levels are exceptional and we are confident that this level of service can continue as our customers’ overall demand for our capacity increases. While we are not pleased with our current results, our optimism on the future growth of our business hasn't changed. We remain excited to work with our customers to meet their growing demand with an efficient, cost competitive, and more environmentally friendly solution. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn it over to Brad Hicks.
Darren Field: Yeah, I appreciate the question. Certainly, Spencer's comments just on overall imports through Southern California is one of many factors resulting in just a general improving trends throughout the first quarter -- or throughout that second quarter. I do want to highlight, we referenced a negative 1% volume comp in June. June of ‘23 had two more working days than June of ‘24, and so that's certainly an influencer in that comparison. But again, as the quarter went on, we experienced some improving trends from our customers. I also highlighted in the prepared comments that we were up double digits out of Southern California for the entirety of the second quarter. So certainly some customers would highlight that maybe that was a result of early shipments for peak season. Some customers highlighted that generally their business had improved. And in some cases, we had converted back Highway business to Intermodal. So, it's kind of a mash of everything to see some improvements that occurred during the quarter.
Darren Field: Well, certainly we highlighted that this current, what I'll call the 2024 bid cycle, largely completed during the second quarter. Those prices and the yields that we achieved were not strong enough to give us margin improvement that we believe our system can and should run. We're not changing our long-term margin target. We're not satisfied with the current returns on our business and do recognize that pricing improvement is one of a couple of areas, but the most important area in order to get margin improvement. Certainly, volume is worth more to us today than ever before. We've said that quite often, and that's just a result of having as much underutilized equipment as we currently have. And then all things cost. What can we do to be more efficient as an organization? That can be inside the activities of our drivers and our drayage operation, that can be certainly inside the activities of our people. How do we utilize technology better? How can we just be more efficient with our customers? But over the long term, pricing will always be the most valuable element to improving margins more than volume or just operational efficiency, but we will work on all three every day.
Darren Field: It's really -- a pricing implementation element is probably the largest driving factor behind the non-normal seasonal sequential change in profitability. Certainly the implementation of the bid cycle has been a headwind to seeing earnings improve. We will say it often, volume will be our leading indicator and pricing will always lag volume. And so as we find our way through the rest of the year and look for opportunities to grow our business, we believe over the long term, certainly pricing improvements will lag that volume.
Darren Field: So, listen Scott, there's a lot in your question there. Certainly, the bid cycle has always implemented at the same cadence that it did this year. We implement portions, big chunks, 30%, call it, of this pricing cycle throughout the second quarter. So I guess you could expect that something after the second quarter would entail all of that fully implemented. So, over time, I mean that, we did have negative pricing pressure. I don't have any guidance for you in terms of big step downs. There's certainly, I don't anticipate anything like that, but we're certainly getting everything fully implemented throughout the second quarter, and so the third quarter is a better reflection of the fully implemented pricing cycle. In terms of share gains, I mean, we have, I think, are dominating the Transcon marketplace. I do believe our volume growth there has been substantial. And we've highlighted that -- in the east, we have some significant headwinds from truckload pricing. I think that as we get into the second half of this year, we are optimistic about the discussions we're having with our customers about the value proposition that we represent, as well as concerns about highway capacity, and we will continue to look to grow. So that's probably all I have to comment on your questions today.
Darren Field: I would fully expect to outperform the domestic market on Southern California eastbound volume. So I don't believe we're losing share to any other domestic Intermodal channel. Now, in terms of during the pandemic window, so if I go back to 2020 through 2023, there was an uptick in the share of transload or domestic volume as a percentage of the imported goods through the Southern California or West Coast gateways. And that deteriorated so far in 2024. It's hard to say what's happened with that cargo. I don't believe it has moved domestically intermodally. I do believe that the share of intact international Intermodal is up slightly. Maybe that's because it converted from the East Coast to the West Coast, and on the East Coast it was intact, and it still is today, even though it's routing through the West Coast. We're constantly communicating with our customers, trying to learn more about what's happened with the mix of transload versus intact international. Is some of that import cargo moving into storage and will ship later? I would -- that's a reasonable question. I don't have a great answer for you on it, other than I'm confident that we're maintaining and growing our share of eastbound domestic Intermodal volumes from the West Coast. In terms of why the imports are as strong as they are and we're not necessarily keeping up with that, I don't know. We did highlight that our Southern California volumes were up double digits. I didn't tell you how many double digits. I just said double digits. So we feel good about our pipeline for eastbound California business, and we will continue to look to grow there and all other markets.
Darren Field: Well, I think as much as anything, and I'm going to ask Spencer to maybe jump in here when I'm done. Just our -- as we moved through the second quarter, we were feeling momentum and we've kind of tried to highlight that and do feel like our customers are aware that last year, they kind of caught us by surprise with some of that volume and everyone is aware that surprises are not always best when it comes to an efficient transportation network. So we're engaged in conversations with all of our customers. We have capacity to solve their needs, and we'll look for ways to continue to grow our business, both sequentially and year-over-year will always be our goal. We'll have to wait and see, but certainly we have felt some momentum as the second quarter went on.
Darren Field: Sure. So, Quantum, we're absolutely thrilled with the service performance. I think we're actually outpacing even expectations of our customers. Now, that being said, the complexity of the networks and the decision point for a shipper to convert Highway business that we would call cannot fail, the kind of Highway business that's not just inventory replenishment, it's a business-to-business transaction kind of move, has probably been a little more complicated and a little slower than what we have anticipated. So, while our volume benefits from the Quantum program have not yet been achieved, we're absolutely encouraged by what we're experiencing with the service, the feedback from the customers that are utilizing that service, and we're growing it every day. It hasn't grown as fast as we probably would have anticipated, but we've got a very long runway of opportunity to grow with the Quantum product, and we're thrilled with that. As it relates to the announcement about the transition to Ferromex from CPKC at the beginning of the year, I think the transition was successful. Again, customers are clearly concerned about a transition like that. And maybe not everybody on day one converted with us at the pace that we would have probably liked to have seen that happen. As the year has gone on, we have had a lot of success at going and recovering business that maybe didn't transition with us. And hey, our volume swing on the Ferromex was a material change in their network. And the BNSF's ability to serve Eagle Pass has been excellent. So we feel good about all three parties involved in that program. But certainly the customer education around customs and all things related to the new terminals that we operate at with Ferromex was an education and that has taken a little longer and probably didn't result in quite as much transition to our network immediately, but again as the years gone on, I feel good about where we're at today and there's more work to be done to grow our presence in Mexico as the year moves on.
Shelley Simpson: Hey, Bascome. Thanks for the question. This is Shelley. I think Spencer did a nice job highlighting that we are having those conversations with our customers. I would tell you this is normally the time that we would be having those. And I think you heard Darren highlight that we're encouraged with more seasonal demand similar to what we've seen pre-pandemic. So I would tell you this looks and feels more like pre-2020. This would be consistent with how we had conversations with customers in the past. I think our customers have done a better job on their bid compliance and understanding their volume better. I think we're all just a little bit hesitant. We've had some false starts over the last couple of years, and we just want to make sure that things are steady and that we can see clear line of sight. I think our customers are even a little bit skittish about what they can expect. So, third and four quarter, last year, they did catch us by surprise. We did an outstanding job. Us, our railroad providers, I would say across the board, we did a great job servicing our customers. Our customers realized that. Now that's why we're having those conversations. What is the plan? How do we think about that? Certainly, if we move back to a more seasonal pattern, we would expect those same things to occur from a demand perspective and from a profitability perspective.
Shelley Simpson: Yeah, thank you, Brandon. Appreciate the comments. Certainly, our last two years has been the most difficult time in my 30-year career. It's been the most difficult time in predicting and understanding where our customers are headed and how we need to think about that from a quarter to quarter basis. But we are very focused on long-term. One thing we did learn from the pandemic was we weren't prepared and ready for our customers. And that was to the detriment of our long-term success. We have made strategic decisions to invest in our people, our technology and our capacity to be prepared and ready. I believe our customers know that and think that. I will tell you some of the things that you've heard from the businesses today and even in our past, we are preparing ourselves with best-in-class service. That, for us, means we want to separate the service levels we're giving our customers, so they know they can expect that from J.B. Hunt on a consistent basis, and then creating more value for our customers. We do look at it long-term and we also recognize that we have to deliver long-term returns for our shareholders. We think this is the best strategy that sets us up for that long-term. I think in our conversations with customers today, we're encouraged with some of the comments that they're making towards us in the areas that we're heavily focused on. And so I would tell you ICS, we're not pleased with our performance in ICS, we're not pleased with our performance, I would say to our expectations, but our relative performance has been pretty good. That doesn't mean that we're happy. But when I look at where we're at relative to the competition and how we are doing from a market share gain, a profitability perspective, our return profile, those three areas, we're making progress, and that's what we're going to continue to focus on. I will say this, as we move here into second quarter and moving here into third quarter, one thing we do know is, we're at least closer to calling some kind of inflection. Not that we're calling it today, but I will say there are signs that tell us that things are moderating or getting better. We are skittish. I've been conditioned now over the last two years to be very cautious on the things that we say. And I think you're hearing a tone that says, listen, we have better signals. It doesn't mean that they're great. And we need more information from our customers to get us better. Today is the time for us to make sure that we're close to our customers, that we're prepared and ready. But I will tell you, we are not changing our targets. We have a long-term goal across all of our businesses to make sure we deliver appropriate returns to our shareholders. That will be our focus. We think we're taking the best strategic decision and move to make sure that we accomplish that.
Shelley Simpson: Well, thank you, Jeff. Good question. I will say, I think one of the things that we didn't understand, same thing we didn't understand going through the pandemic, was how much the change would occur. And so if I look back on our experience, in 2009, we had the Great Recession. We understood and we were prepared and ready. One of the changes that happened then, as price went downwards during that Great Recession, so did our cost. We're in an inflationary cost perspective with price pressure coming down. And those two things really is the first time I've seen that, at least in my history inside the organization. I don't know that anybody believes those two things would occur as they have. You typically look at history, try to learn from what you know there, and then make sure you're prepared and ready. That, I would say, was more of a disconnect than maybe what we expected. And then just the depth, one of the things that we've used in our history is what's happened with capacity. And so we've estimated that carriers are losing money for now greater than two years. That is unusual. It's unusual from our history. That typically would mean that capacity would come out of the market and that we would start the recovery. That has not happened, and I think that's been the biggest myth of this last two years of a freight recession. We haven't been able to predict when capacity will leave the market, and we know that that has to occur, or demand has to pick up greater. But I would tell you, more likelihood that the capacity side would exit more quickly than demand would increase even more. So I would say those are the two things. I'm going to ask the team if there's anything else that they see. But those would be kind of the two things I would say that we -- if we'd known better, we probably could have thought through a few things.
Shelley Simpson: Thank you, and thanks for joining our call. You've heard us talk about our challenges in the business, and although we're pleased with the relative performance, we're not pleased with our own expectations. We've seen pressure from our customers, our costs in all of our businesses. Pricing's largely been reset through this season for our transactional businesses in Intermodal, ICS, and JBT, and that pricing will largely be in place until we complete this season midway through 2025. And during this freight recession, we've invested in our foundations of our people and our technology and our capacity, and that's really been preparing for a long-term opportunity to grow with our customers, and we're encouraged in a few areas. Our DCS and Final Mile businesses have fared very well in this recession. I am pleased with the margin of performance and the resiliency of our DCS business and the improvement in our Final Mile business on both profit and returns. Our customer demand is returning back to something more seasonal that we can be better at predicting to pre-pandemic levels, and that gives us more confidence as we're looking at bid compliance better between 80% and 90% in both Intermodal and JBT. And that means our customers are doing a better job predicting their consistent volumes. We're also encouraged with our pipeline and the conversations we're having with customers around our growth plan and our peak planning. And finally, very pleased with our people. There's 33,000 of our people working hard every day to deliver on the expectations of our customers and our shareholders. We're going to continue to focus on controlling our costs. We will provide best-in-class service. We're going to maintain our excellence in safety, and we'll create value for customers. And that's what sets us up for growth. That scales our investments, and it allows us to create long-term value for our people and our shareholders. Thank you for your comments and your interest on the call. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
