Shelley Simpson: Thank you, John, and good afternoon. My commercial update will focus on general market conditions and how we are serving our customers’ needs by leveraging our investments in our people, our physical assets and our multimodal digital freight platform, J.B. Hunt 360. I’ll provide an update on this season, which will provide some insight into our expectations for the year. And finally, I will provide some priorities that our organization will be focused on achieving this year for our people and for and on behalf of our customers. As has been the case much of the last 2 years, the market remains extremely dynamic as also evidenced by our experience in the first quarter with disruptions across the supply chain related to the Omicron variant, weather events across the network, labor availability and rapidly rising fuel and commodity cost. We believe our mode-agnostic approach with our assets and technology platform, J.B. Hunt 360, both of which are powered and enabled by our people, allow us to dynamically meet and respond to the needs of our customers. As the quarter progressed, the market finally began to find more balance, which was evidenced by the expansion in margin we saw in our Highway Services segments. As we have discussed for some time, freight has been moving inefficiently over the last 2 years creating additional costs for our customers and additional costs for our business. 5 years ago, we launched internally our cycle of innovation to disrupt, adapt and to accelerate, which happened to coincide with the launch of J.B. Hunt 360. As we hit the 5-year anniversary for J.B. Hunt 360, I’d like to reflect on our journey and our investments. The investments we have made are intended to disrupt our industry. We, as an organization, had to adapt and make sure we had the right organizational structure and processes in place to execute our strategy. A month before the pandemic began, our organization transitioned to the theme, accelerate. Going forward, we will continue with our current theme to accelerate. We will accelerate the speed at which we serve our customers, accelerate our investments in areas with promising long-term growth potential, and accelerate our ability to react to the needs of our customers. Under this theme of acceleration, we will remain focused on opportunities to add value to our customers as our people, technology and assets come together to provide highly engineered cost-saving solutions. We believe this remains the right recipe for long-term compounding sustainable growth and we will continue to approach the market that way while maintaining our financial discipline on fair and appropriate returns on our capital. We are now almost halfway through bid season and we are extremely encouraged by the feedback and the confidence that our customers have in us to deliver an efficient and cost effective solution for their shipping needs. As we sit here today, demand for our services and in particular, the asset side of our business is the strongest I have seen in my 27-year career at the company and this demand continues to put pressure on our need for more equipment and people. Going forward, we have a lot of confidence in our plan to grow our capacity. And we believe it’s a matter of when, not if, some of the labor challenges, which includes our rail providers, will moderate and ultimately assist us with improved fluidity. With elevated energy prices, customers are needing and expecting a lot from us, but capacity in an intermodal network remains extremely tight. Thankfully, our scroller services allow us to continue to offer capacity solutions and say yes to our customers with our ability to source that capacity in the marketplace for J.B. Hunt 360. Finally, I want to take some time to provide you some of our priorities for the year. As I discussed last quarter, we believe that market dynamics will present us with a lot of opportunities to grow and that remains the case today as well as a priority. But I also believe our opportunity to provide and create efficiencies for our customers, is greater this year than at any point in the last 2 years. Our investments in our container fleet, trailing fleet, technology and people have us in the best position to provide the right solutions for our customers in three key areas: cost, capacity and service, more than any point since the beginning of this pandemic. I strongly believe in our team’s ability to execute for and on behalf of our customers, delivering value and efficient solutions and this will remain our priority as well as it has always. This strategy, combined with our financial discipline, gives us even greater confidence as we have set out to achieve our mission to create the most efficient transportation network in North America. That concludes my comments. I’d now like to turn it over to Nick.
Shelley Simpson: Okay. Thank you, Chris. So I will say that there are varying signals in the market. And a lot of what you’re hearing in the market is in the spot market, so small carrier capacity for the most part, and I think that’s what’s causing a lot of conversation. If you look across all of our five segments, you would see differing viewpoints inside the segments overall. I do think there has been a temporary relief in the dislocation from labor shortages and also just where shipments are located. We do forecast that to get a lot worse as we come into the summer months, particularly with what’s happening in the supply chain from an ocean perspective or in China coming inbound. So we have had a lot of customers talk to us about that. Also, I did mention that our bid season is the best bid season that I have seen and very pleased with our customers leaning into us for solutions. I will say, if there is something that were to occur, and we see a lot of inefficiency in the market, we are constantly talking to our customers about what that is. That’s why you hear us and have heard us talk about creating most efficient transportation network in North America because we see a lack of efficiency. Part of that’s labor-driven, but another part of that is most of our customers have been primarily concerned with on-shelf availability, not as much around efficiency. So we see opportunity to help our customers increase payload and get freight into its most optimal mode. We happen to have the most optimal land transportation mode in intermodal. And so whether it’s a downturn or even in the current environment, we do think there is a lot of freight from what we see in this season that can move into a more efficient mode like intermodal. But I would say across the segments, I think that there are cost and structural issues that will continue to remain. I think it’s too early to say if there is anything happening with the consumer over the long-term. But certainly, we’re watching all of those signals. I would tell you, customers are leaning into us more now even including the most recent data. So I think that would say there are more supply chain disruptions happening that could be lending to what we are seeing in the market today.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, Scott, so I’ll take that first part. If you actually look at the live screen shot of what’s happening in Shanghai, the ships are – it looks just like a lot of ships and a little bit of water. And so that certainly is going to make its way back into the U.S. here this summer. Our customers are concerned about the July time frame between that and also what’s happening with labor at the port. I think there could be reason for concern or just reason to have different conversations. In this type of an environment just takes a little bit of disruption to really change the environment all over again. And so that’s what we’re watching out for.
Shelley Simpson: Okay. So, I think we noted that we are seeing strength, particularly in the asset part of our businesses. Part of that is because intermodal is the most efficient way to move business and dedicated really taking on a private fleet in a long-term agreement. But also in JBT and 360box, we are seeing significant growth, and our customers are really pushing us in that space. Part of that is labor challenge, but I think part of it is we are solving for a better way to do business more efficiently by utilizing the box. All of that’s powered through J.B. Hunt 360. So, I think that’s one of the biggest benefits we have seen through our technology is the growth that we have seen and also the value we create for our customers. In ICS, as margins were – or excuse me, if there were some kind of downturn, I think margins would change clearly from a margin expansion as most of our bids have been – are either locked in or about halfway through or so we will have pricing locked in for a large portion of that business. And then we are going to be flexible in the market from a spot perspective. That really goes across all of our businesses. Anywhere we have a chance to talk to our customers about being dynamic in pricing and capacity, we are going to do that on behalf of our customers. So, that will move with the market and then our contract pricing will stay relatively in line with whatever we finish in bid season.
Shelley Simpson: Thank you for that. I really should have mentioned it’s not just our bid season we are encouraged by, but also the longer term discussions that we are having with our customers in general. Certainly, we have customers right now asking us for intermodal, a lot more of it. You mentioned fuel. That’s part of it, but also just overall, our ability to service our customers in an efficient way in intermodal. The more we can do that, the more they want to do that. PSR has really created a pent-up demand from our customers over the last 5 years to 6 years. They had to move into the truckload market when really intermodal is the most efficient way to move goods. So, I see our customers continuing to lean in long-term, but that’s not just in intermodal. That’s long-term across all five of our segments. So, I see our customers adding two lengths of agreements and also talking to us across the fast services.
Shelley Simpson: Well, if you look at – I am going to call a downturn a recession from 2008 and 2009, really the last time you could see it dramatically in our business. Intermodal performed very well, and we would expect intermodal to continue to perform very well for our customers. It would be a great way for us to deliver more efficiency for them in cost servicing capacity. So, we see resiliency in our intermodal model. Certainly, we see resiliency in our dedicated model. Remember, in DCS, that business is really private fleet conversion business. So, when they made that decision, they know Joe and Sue coming into their facility on a regular basis, much like not an employee, but similar to representing their brand. And so that’s a longer term discussion for our dedicated customers. I think in the highway services side, we are more variable this time than last time. So, in the last recession, we had a lot of trucks and a lot of trailers. Now we have a lot of trailing capacity that allows us to be flexible in the market with J.B. Hunt 360. So, both ICS and JBT will be able to be flexible in the market on creating the right cost servicing capacity for the right loads at the right time. And then in final mile, I think part of that business has a non-asset part to it, and part of it’s on the asset part of the business. That’s a growing sector, so I think it will continue to take share from a sector perspective. Nick, I would be curious if you have anything to add on that.
Darren Field: Thank you, Nick and hello to everyone on the call. My comments this afternoon will recap the performance of our intermodal business in the quarter. I will also want to give some comments on our recent joint announcement with the BNSF to improve intermodal capacity challenges and what our priorities are for the business as we continue to invest in our people and capacity for meeting the strong and growing demand for intermodal services in the months, quarters and years ahead. I will start with the performance of the Intermodal segment in the quarter. Demand for the intermodal capacity remained extremely strong throughout the first quarter and importantly, it remains so today. As has been the case for some time, our ability to execute on all of the demand for our intermodal capacity was hampered by rail velocity and to a lesser extent, the retention of our equipment from customers. Box turns did deteriorate sequentially from fourth quarter, which is in line with seasonality, but nonetheless, still disappointing at current levels. The Omicron variant did impact labor availability for our rail providers and our customers and in our operations as well. And thankfully, those trends did improve as the quarter progressed, particularly for our customers as well as in our operations. Volumes for the month for the quarter were down 1% in January, plus 17% in February and plus 6% in March. Keep in mind, February was a fairly easy comp due to some weather events in 2021. We were successful at onboarding over 4,300 containers in the quarter and I am proud of our team for their execution on that front, which puts us in better position to meet the growing needs of our customers. We plan on taking delivery of the remaining balance of the 6,000 containers from our 2021 order during the second quarter. We did see approximately $14 million in gains on sale of equipment, which is unusual for us, but nonetheless should be transparently disclosed. Importantly, the core of our business is performing well in light of the inflationary and fluidity challenges facing the business and network, which is supported by our people running the operations and our customers who value our service offering. During the last quarter, J.B. Hunt and BNSF announced a joint initiative to substantially improve capacity in the intermodal marketplace while meeting the expanding needs of our current customers. This is an important moment for our organization as the largest railroad and domestic intermodal carrier will be collaborating even more closely together to provide an unparalleled intermodal product, leveraging the talents, skills and technologies of both companies to provide a seamless door-to-door solutions for our customers. With some channel partners leaving the BNSF network, we were provided an opportunity and have developed a plan to grow our intermodal container count to 150,000 in the next 3 to 5 years. This represents 40% growth from our count at the end of 2021. For the record, let me state the easiest thing we can do is go out and buy more containers. This will be a significant endeavor for our organization and will require investment in people, equipment and technology to get our desired outcomes. Importantly, these investments will be done with the same financial discipline as in the past. Needless to say, I’m excited and energized for our organization as we grow to meet the needs of our customers. As we look forward, I thought I would share a little bit of perspective about our priorities for Intermodal this year. As Shelley discussed, we are encouraged by the level of demand we are seeing throughout the bid process for our capacity, which continues to give us confidence to make investments. We strongly believe in the value proposition we can deliver on the three key items our customers care about, which is cost capacity and service. As it stands today, there are inefficiencies across the supply chain and within the rail network that is impacting velocity. We are cautiously optimistic that velocity will improve which will create more capacity for our customers while improving efficiencies and costs in our operations. Simply put, this is a good outcome for our rail providers, our customers and for J.B. Hunt. We will continue to prioritize investments needed to support our growth to help us meet the robust demand we are seeing for intermodal capacity. In closing, Intermodal’s value proposition remains strong, supporting our view of long-term sustainable growth. We continue to see ample opportunities to convert highway freight as well as transloading cargo into our domestic containers. We believe our service backed by our people and the ownership of our equipment is differentiated in the market and even more so when combined with the power of the J.B. Hunt 360 platform that allows us to source capacity efficiently when needed. That concludes my remarks, so I’ll turn it over to Brad Hicks.
Darren Field: So somehow, Scott, snuck two questions in there, but I’ll try to respond here. Spot prices in the truckload market have always been volatile over time. And we’ve seen times in the past when they rocketed up, times of really expensive or higher cost of fuel. And in this most recent 2-year window, I mean, spot prices for highway solutions have risen because in some cases, intermodal capacity was tapped out. And so all of a sudden, there is a much larger truckload spot market originating from the West Coast, for example. Those – the gap between that kind of rate and an intermodal price is north of 2x. I mean you’re 200% higher to buy a spot-rated truckload solution off the West Coast versus an intermodal rate. So there is a very significant gap before truckload prices put any kind of pressure back on the intermodal market. So again, intermodal demand is extraordinarily high. We have more demand from customers than we currently have capacity to serve. And so I’m very encouraged by that demand cycle feel strongly that intermodal can continue to grow. And I don’t really feel like, at this time, truckload rates falling is putting any pressure on intermodal pricing.
Darren Field: Okay. Well, I appreciate that. We’re proud of our results but not yet satisfied because we can actually grow more than that and demand is actually stronger for our product, and that gives us a lot of motivation, a lot of energy. So certainly, the new equipment we added last year and onboarded during the first quarter obviously contributed significantly to our growth. When I say we can grow more, I mean, 6 months ago, prior to the – midway through last year or even in the third quarter of last year, we would have anticipated stronger growth than we achieved, but that equipment we added really was consumed by weakness in velocity. And I don’t want to beat a velocity drum here on the call all day today. Our rail providers all know that it needs to get better. They are all working very hard to improve that. We’re very aware that they can improve that, fully anticipate that they will. The question remains when does that begin to show up. And certainly, during the first quarter, there were some challenges in that area. We’re turning down thousands of loads per week and feel strongly that we have more volume to grow as velocity picks up. And again, we’re very encouraged by the way we’re communicating with both our customers as well as our rail providers.
Darren Field: My goodness, Justin, you just asked for all of the answers there. So certainly, we’ve highlighted that returns drive our investment decisions. And that’s not any different today with the announcement of the expansion of our equipment. I think that, that signals our belief in the long-term growth available in the intermodal system and that, that growth can come on board at the return profiles that we would expect. Now there comes a point at which whether or not it’s accretive or you simply are just sustaining your return profile. I mean that’s – there will be some small cycles whenever – if we get the opportunity to take cost out of our system, I could see a world where that transfers to prices that go back to the customers. And that’s okay. We fully anticipate a velocity improvement – and that could very well result in prices going back a little bit to benefit the customers because, frankly, today, weakness in velocity has been considered inside the intermodal system. But I would certainly believe that we can sustain long-standing success with our ROIC. And we don’t – and we’re not willing to grow in a world that would damage that. That’s the first thing that would slow down that investment. So that’s a – that is core tenet number one at J.B. Hunt, and there will be no change to that.
Darren Field: Okay. I appreciate the question. I am not going to call out anything specific in the agreement. I think it’s really – obviously, it’s of note that we made that release jointly. And BNSF’s logo is on the same press release with ours, and that’s because we are very aligned in our efforts around growth. We are aligned in our efforts around how we can use technology and build out our systems in a better way that allows both of us collectively to be more efficient on the hold. That could mean things like if we get an opportunity to take a load in the gate at a BNSF location and park it track side so we can eliminate a hostile move. We want to connect our technology so that the planners with BNSF have good visibility into loads that haven’t yet picked up, but that are going to come in the gate later that day. And that’s why you heard in some of the prepared comments that the easiest thing we can do is go buy containers. And that’s very true. I mean, the mission we are on has a lot more to do with how we work together, how we work with our customers and how we solve long-term supply chain solutions together. And all of that effort drives into that decision on growing the capacity, whether it’s in 3 years or 5 years. I mean certainly, the window is in there because we recognize that there has been a velocity loss in the system. And over these next couple of years, we anticipate a time when we can get velocity back. We would fully expect to do that. And if that gives us the opportunity to grow and maybe we didn’t have to onboard quite as many containers in a given period, that’s okay, too. I mean we are – we also highlighted that our ROIC is going to be the driving landmark behind how we do that. We are so confident in the market size and the magnitude of the opportunity, that’s why we made that announcement, and we are more aligned than ever with BNSF and we are very energized by these – that announcement.
Darren Field: I mean I think that it’s a little bit hard to call. I mean again, we – our commentary on box turns had a lot more to do with velocity challenges, not from anything going on in China. Certainly, demand is very strong. And so we are encouraged by that and would anticipate that box turns will improve as velocity improves.
Darren Field: So first of all, there is not a new agreement with BNSF, I want to be clear about that. We have had a long, long-term agreement with BNSF, and we are energized by the work we are doing together as we have been energized by that for 30-plus years now. The growth is going to come organically from our customers. The growth is going to come from significant inefficiency in the networks today where truckload business is moving intermodal that should be intermodal. And lastly, there continues to be a really significant effort amongst some of our customers to grow their transload business and take international intact off of the railroad and replace that with domestic intermodal, and that certainly can present some additional efficiency for our customers. So, we always look to grow in that way. We don’t look to grow by just going out in a pricing site with the host of intermodal channels. We believe strongly in presenting supply chain solutions to our customers. And that’s going to drive a behavior change or a mode change in the way they are executing it. There will certainly always be business that’s in the bid that other people handle. But our mission to grow is off the highway and transload and organic growth with our existing customers.
Darren Field: Well, I will just quickly start with your second question and say it took us the better part of 3 years or 4 years to change our margin target. We don’t have an update for you today. Certainly, it’s our mission to be focused on our return on invested capital. And that’s what we are focused on and the margin turns out to be kind of an output from that. I don’t have a good way to describe the turn number coming out of the quarter. What I would just say is we highlighted that volumes were still slightly negative in January, and then we started to experience growth as the quarter went on. We did onboard new equipment as the quarter went on, and we are not satisfied with our turn number, but we are encouraged by what we have seen from our customers, and we are beginning to have – we are encouraged by what we are seeing from the rail network today. But it’s nowhere near getting back to where it was prior to the pandemic. So, we have a long ways to go in that area. But there is no lack of motivation from our rail providers to improve their velocity. So, as that goes, we are going to continue to work on box turns. That will be a subject forever. But until we can get an improvement in box turns, we have to consider the cost of the ownership of that equipment at the weaker velocity until we can get an improvement. And at that point, I am certain you will see those results in our results.
Darren Field: Well, I think it’s hard to answer that. I would just say when we go out and acquire equipment like that, it’s to grow with our customers to add new customers. I don’t know that we are adding new markets. We are certainly more engaged with customers in discussing the transloading of their international intact intermodal business. So, that’s certainly an opportunity for us to grow that isn’t related to the channels that have exited BNSF. Look, we are also not naïve. I mean, a lot of lift capacity is exiting BNSF. And so we are – we know that customers want to diversify their underlying rail providers. And so we have a host of customers that are talking to us about taking on business that maybe another channel handled in the past. So, I don’t want to act like it’s none. It’s certainly a part of the decision, but it’s certainly not all of it. I don’t have a great answer to tell you, is it half, is it – we just want to grow and serve customers and do so at a return on our investment that warrants reinvestment, and we are very confident in our ability to do that.
