Darren Field: Thank you, Nick, and thanks everyone for joining us. I'll review the performance of our Intermodal business in the quarter and reiterate the opportunities we have to deliver significant value to our customers with the investments we are making in our people, technology and capacity. I'll start by reviewing Intermodal's performance in the quarter. Demand for Intermodal capacity was tempered, driven by overall freight activity. But specifically lower imports and elevated inventory levels across the supply chain. Volumes in the quarter declined 5% year-over-year and by month were down 2% in January, down 4% in February and down 8% in March. As we stated in our earnings release, transcontinental volumes were down 9% in the quarter, but our Eastern volumes were up 1%. I think this is an important call out as we have been growing volumes in the East, which is the most truck competitive market, while being in a depressed truckload environment. This mix shift to shorter length of haul freight does influence contribution dollars per load which did impact us in the quarter, but also should signal our ability to deliver value to our customers in this market. Rail service predictability and consistency has improved to near pre pandemic levels, while customer detention of equipment improved even further and as the quarter progressed. While we have seen a decline in revenue associated with the detention of equipment, we have not yet offset that impact with the onboarding of new volume. As I've stated recently, our network and service offering is a coil spring that can handle significantly greater volume today and unlock a lot of value for our customers and our company. We have the people, the drake capacity, and the containers that could handle upwards of 15% to 20% more volume today. As we have shared recently, we have been meeting with customers and continue to be encouraged by the feedback we are receiving about our service. Customers trust us and our say/do culture. They believe in our Intermodal product and they want more of it, but part of that is influenced by the economy and overall freight demand. We feel very confident that we have a differentiated product in the market that will support our ability to take share. We are encouraged by the results we are getting so far in the bid process and look forward to the opportunity to prove the value we can deliver to our customers. In closing, we strongly believe in the strength of our Intermodal franchise and its opportunities to drive significant growth over many years. It provides significant value for our customers with opportunities to save money by converting freight from the highway to intermodal which reduces costs and is further supported by fuel costs and carbon emission savings. We are in the best position to commit more intermodal capacity to our customers as we progress further through the current bid season, which should present meaningful opportunities to unlock value in our network for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn it over to Brad Hicks.
Darren Field: Yeah. So I'm not going to give any guidance on this call to be clear. I think we're encouraged by both and encouraged by both price and volume, meaning, I think we're winning volume that our customers believe that they will have. And encouraged by price in that, I don't think it's behaved any more challenging than what we expected coming into the year. Look, there's challenge on price, there's also cost to take out, part of the cost to take out comes with volume pouring over the top. And so, we're encouraged by the volume wins we have received on paper. We are -- we haven't seen all that volume yet. So there are, again, kind of like the last question still a handful of question marks out there. But I would say the bid season -- I remain optimistic about our future. There is going to [how many day] (ph) when imports improve from where they are. When will that be? I don't know the answer to that. But it will improve and we stand to gain tremendously when that happens.
Darren Field: Well, number one, I'm not going to guide you on that second half of that question. I think as it relates to the equipment and storage, when we buy our equipment, we're buying it for the long-term. When we announced in March of 2022, a pathway to 150,000 containers over 3 years to 5 years, that's because the opportunity that presents itself to us for the long-term is significant. We did slow down onboarding equipment during the first quarter from the run rate we had been on in the back half of 2022. Velocity from our rail providers as well as customer unloading has unlocked a tremendous amount of capacity. And so, our opportunity to grow even while equipment is in storage remains intact and we have ample capacity do what we need with our customers. Look, in terms of the margin profile as we move forward, we continue to be confident in our ability to take cost out as we pour volume over the top. We have long-term margin targets that are not being changed, and we're confident in our ability to win and grow with our customers at acceptable returns.
Darren Field: So listen, on the first -- on the fourth quarter call back in January, I did say I expect it to grow revenue loads and income. J.B. Hunt's growth company, that's our expectation around here every day, no matter what the conditions. That statement wasn't intended to be guidance, but clearly that's how it was interpreted. Again, as we go through the year, we're working with customers, talking to them about what their expectations are and that largely defines our own. And as we go through -- as we were coming into the year, we've probably had a lot of confidence in demand growth as 2023 went on. At this point, our customers have been less accurate than ever before. And so, we're still waiting to see what happens. As far as an update to that statement, I don't have an update for you. I know our system is built to handle 15% to 20% more as I said in my prepared comments and we look forward to growing with our customers through the rest of the year.
Darren Field: And it is impressive how you guys get more than one question in. So bit compliance is sub 60, middle 50’s. It's terrible. It's an all-time worst. So we'll see when that improves. Obviously, our transcontinental business is largely tied to imported goods and there's real significant challenge with bid compliance on that business is pretty poor. The cost takeout, one of the thoughts there has been, hey, we had weakness in velocity, so spreading the fixed cost of owning the equipment over more loads with better velocity is a cost takeout, but that comes with volume. We had driver productivity challenges as a result of poor rail service. And as rail service improves, we get stronger driver productivity and better utilization of our drayage assets. That's a cost takeout on per load economics. And then just staffing and overhead and how do we pour more loads over the system without adding overhead? And all of those actions are available to us that come with volume. Will we sustain the current op income per load? I don't have any idea. I know this that we're going to be happy with the return profile on our business. And our customers want more of our product, and I think that gives us an opportunity to price it fairly and anticipate a fair return for the work that we do. We must provide them an excellent customer service experience and we have to be good at communicating what their experience should be like, but I don't have any guidance on income per load. What I know is, we have a long-term margin target. We'll live within those boundaries and we expect that our return is going to be warrants reinvestment in our business.
Darren Field: So I'll hit on intermodal on that question from a posture going into the bid cycle. I mean, we spent the better part of 2021 and 2022 without enough capacity to truly do everything that our customers wanted us to do caused by weakness in velocity, caused by slow unloading, slower rail service. And so, our posture in 2000 -- this bid cycle, in the 2023 bid cycle has just been to communicate with our customers that things are normalizing with our velocity and our capacity, we went out and acquired and announced publicly a mission to grow our capacity up to 150,000 containers in three to five years. And we're trying to really give our customers confidence that we're going to be there for them, that we're aware that costs had increased for them and that we felt like we could get some cost takeout by growing volume in our system. And so our approach has been to grow with our customers, but our approach is always to cover our investment with appropriate returns. And so, that's a balancing act. If you're asking, did we just set out to take share? We set out to grow because that's always our mission. That will be our mission next tomorrow and the next day and from here on forward. So that was our posture as we move into the bid season.
John Roberts: Yeah. So, throughout the quarter, I think we were successful in the bid cycle. And some of that volume hasn't really materialized. Our customers, throughout the quarter, did remain optimistic for stronger volumes in the second half of the year. We shared at multiple conferences that we are slightly less optimistic than our customers. The end of the day, our volumes and customer bid compliance is at an all-time low. And so that naturally creates some question marks. Our customers want more of what we do when they need it. Import volumes are clearly not strong. And so there is question marks out there about what will happen in the second half of the year. And so, as the quarter went on, I would say, we're slightly less optimistic. We've said that multiple times. Outside of that, I don't know what else to say other than I know our customers do want our capacity as soon as the import volumes return to normal.
John Roberts: Hey, Justin. Well, I think the real question is the timing, Darren, said it. I talked to Shelley earlier today about the same idea that it's not really a question of if the freight demand will come back to normal. It's just really a question of when. And having the experience that we have around this table has really helped us position our thinking and our direction because we've been through freight cycles in the past. Some of us have been through quite a number of freight cycles in the past. And so, we know these times are coming. And if you look at what we've done with the company over the last maybe 10 years or so, every time we go through a cycle, we learn something about how our business runs up and then back down. And we have made very serious and intentional decisions about, for instance, how we place assets. You'll note that, I think Brad in your comments, we've transitioned essentially all of the power into dedicated where we can monitor it differently because we can see things in dedicated business model in a way that we like differently than we can sometimes see in a network mode. And so, if we look at where we are right now, and we think, oh well, maybe this timing we didn't quite get that right. That's going to be part of the reality that we live in. And because we have the experience and because the folks that are around this table have made mistakes and made good decisions, I think we're really just questioning how we -- how we time our reentry into a more normalized system. Now we are in leadership positions in many of our businesses. And our customers really appreciate that. We can handle scale. And so we don't want to lose any of that positioning value. I can say that right now, as we started to see the year presented itself a little differently than we had expected from our planning sessions, immediate action and intense focus has been taken on elements of cost. As Darren pointed out, we're running our playbooks through bids. I think Nick will comment on what his business looks like, what we're seeing in the world Highway Services. Those things are teaching us that we got to be a maybe a little bit more fluid. It's a word that Shelley used with me earlier today. And I am aware, of course, we're not going to speak of details, but I’m aware of many efforts and elements that are ongoing today that will really continue to help us stay healthy. While we get to that other side which we know is not a question of if it will present itself but when. So we just have to be patient and careful and thoughtful.
John Roberts: Okay. I'll quickly touch on the storage fees [indiscernible] is really what I think you're getting at. We highlighted many times we're not going to break that out. I don't think that -- we've said before, don't over assume how much of a factor that is in terms of our income. Clearly customers are unloading faster. That revenue was down in the quarter year-over-year. And the results are the results. The cost takeout does come faster with volume [indiscernible] system. I'll let Nick come in on safety.
John Roberts: Well, I mean, we highlighted negative two in January, negative four in February, negative eight in March. I think that we would normally anticipate our volumes to be improving year-over-year every month of the year. And then historically, the first quarter might actually trail the fourth quarter in terms of volume and then you build back up over the course of the year. And I would call that very normal that Q2 is growing over Q1, Q3 even over one and then four is going to be your strongest quarter, take a little step back in the first quarter of the next year and then keep growing. That is -- that's probably a 15 year historical view. That would be very normal. Right now when I go back to a year ago, volumes were really strong. I think the second quarter last year was probably our record volume quarter at any time in any year. And imports were strong and as the second half last year continued import flows began to change and so we'll have to see what that means this year. But as we move into the rest of the year, we do anticipate that we can get back on a growth trajectory, but we're also in a little bit of a wait and see and wait for customer to -- compliance to improve and demand particularly on the West Coast to improve.
John Roberts: Well, I think there's a lot in that question. Mix of our business can play an enormous role and we highlighted that we were negative 9% transcon, plus 1% East. That's going to influence our overall revenue per load. Certainly, all of the factors you highlighted are part of it. In terms of the way we implement pricing, what we've highlighted multiple times is, we implement approximately 30% of our business in Q1, 30% in Q2, 30% in Q3 and 10% in Q4. Current cycle, so I don't know that it's any different than that. There's -- customers -- our ability to predict what's going on with that. I mean, Shelley just highlighted it. It's never been more challenging to know just what's going to happen with volumes. And I said earlier, I mean, the pricing market has largely behaved like we would have expected. And we expected some negative pressure on price. So I don't know how to give you any kind of further info on what to expect with price. I just know that certainly the impact of shorter length of haul and growth in the East more than transcon, once our transcon gets back to normal, you can expect that that would be helpful to the revenue per loan.
John Roberts: Okay. Well, let me be very clear. I don't believe we're losing share in the West to a competitor. I feel very confident that our customers want our business. We'll have to prove it that we're taking share, but I feel very confident in our competitive environment against IMCs on the Union Pacific. Largely, the weakness in the West is almost purely related to the import economics. International Intermodal that comes in and goes intact is down, but so is just imports in general that feed warehouses throughout California and then create full truckload shipments out of there and the transload model. So all of that business is down. But I do expect and anticipate that J.B. Hunt is growing share in all markets in Intermodal.
John Roberts: Well, I mean, I don't know that we anticipated strength or rebound in imports in Q1. When we talk about what might have gradually changed over the course of the quarter, again, it was that compliance and just continued uncertainty from our customers about what the consumer was going to do and what order would be like. I think we felt that a lot in the first quarter as we met with customers and you could see as time went on their ability to forecast and even know what to expect, we had questions and that's what has created our change to some degree. What do we need to happen? We need imports to improve. We need a West Coast labor agreement to finalize and give customers confidence in the West Coast to import programs more than anything we need in the economy and the goods economy to improve. That will drive the fastest response and inventories to bleed off.
John Roberts: Thanks for that question. We've had -- we've been talking about and looking at our sales compared to last year and last year was just terrific and our sales have slowed down a touch. But we're very optimistic when we look in the pipeline. And we're starting to see some of our customers really ask some questions on some private fleets that we're working on to really take out cost and using our engineering resources to really not just put out a procurement bid, but really how can we do things more efficient since their volume was down. So we're encouraged by that. So I would say we still will hit our targets. We feel comfortable hitting our sales targets that we lay out every year. So we're optimistic. Our volumes in general are okay, I would say, in Dedicated. So we're continuing to go to the stores and all the things that we do on a consistent not robust, but we have a lot of interest from a lot of different customers looking for us to help them with some solutions to take out cost. And we think that plays into our strength very nicely.
John Roberts: I would say we're clearly seeing some weakness when it comes to building and construction, it’s where we're seeing some stuff and we kind of look at it by industry kind of on the [indiscernible] side around that. But overall, I would just say, when I say it's slowing down, we're seeing decisions. We've got a lot of stuff out there waiting decisions on it. Our customers are a little more skittish on making decisions, trying to figure out what's happening with their core business. And we've seen more decisions in the last couple of weeks pick up from what we've seen the previous month. So hopefully that's a little bit a lot in our area, but we feel very optimistic about it.
John Roberts: Thanks, Shelley. I'll just close this by saying that, as we look at this turbulence, we are very confident in our structure overall, our asset structure for each business makes sense to us in a way that it hasn't always for me. And I think we finished a lot of the work coming into 2023 that needed to be done. So that things like 360 box could have a chance to get that traction. It's looking for as a very unique and we think very needed service. I'm thankful that we asked a question here about Dedicated, although it did take 50 minutes of the hour call to get to it. Because I think we're again reminding everyone that that's a very different business than I think what is it is interpreted as. And in this tough climate where you see radical changes in some of our channel demand, you see a real steady state, a very resilient business that is asset intense, but also has a very different rate and contract structure that we are the industry leader at providing. And I think when we take it up to return on invested capital, we look at the performance of margins in intermodal at this point. We look at the performance and all of the businesses that do require more capital, that's why I say I think we're in a better position than we've ever been in. Shelley talked about responding to the market signals, the market changes. Right now, we are doing that. And I think there is a very, very quick response at this level with this team to address challenges that are weren't expected necessarily. But with the most important part of that conversation being about the long-term, we are a long-term company. Our addressable market is somewhere in the high hundreds of billions of dollars. And so, when we say we're a growth company, that's because as industry leaders, we have fractional percentages of the markets that we serve even in the number one spot. So we like where we're at. We have a strong view. We will make tweaks. Remember on CapEx, when you think about that, a good portion of our CapEx is replacement. We had plenty of trouble through the pandemic in getting equipment replaced that we needed. I think we will look at timing on other elements of CapEx expansion and growth. And with DCS, that model is a pull system anyway. So it only triggers being our heaviest demand when it is asked to or after a deal is closed. So I think that that all goes back to the idea of probably more cautious about the rest of this year than we were three months ago to that question based on the facts and data that we're seeing. And we will respond, but we know this. Last point, it's not a question of yes, this is coming back. It's just a question of when and what position will we be in when our customers start ringing our phone again in ways that they have in the past. Thank you for calling in today.
Shelley Simpson: Hey, Ken. I might add just a couple things to that. You know, we do see a low point of what's happening in spot. And from a capacity perspective, our evaluation of how cures can perform in this environment makes it very difficult for spot to go significantly lower. I'm not suggesting we've completely found the bottom, but we have seen a more leveling out, Brad, of what's happening in the spot market. So just from a capacity perspective, we estimate that they are losing money to breaking even at this point. It have been for a period of time. Typically, that can't last for a long period of time. So it'd be one note that I would say. And from an inventory perspective, we did spend a lot of time with our customers. I think they are struggling to really forecast what consumers are going to do. It's one of the reasons that we're more cautious on our outlook. Certainly, what Darren talked about on bid compliance, that's just an intermodal, JBT is similar. The brokerage side is even worse than that. So across all of our transactional businesses, I would say it's been very difficult for our customer to forecast. I think that's the reason we're not giving any more color as to what we think for the back half of the year. We can go off of their optimism and them wanting to purchase our services, but I think it's just a little more caution from us as to what the timing will be in total.
Shelley Simpson: Bascome, I would add to that. I think we're using our experience through the cycles to create more cautiousness in what we think on the timing for 2023. We have a lot of customers asking us those questions. I think they have a lot of optimism and they want things to improve. We don't have the data to help support some of that. So I think it's more of our experience that's having us have a slight change. I spoke earlier that we're less optimistic, but it is a timing issue more than anything.
Shelley Simpson: Thank you, Darren. And I do feel like our mission is to help our customers continue to take cost out of the supply chain. We've outlined how we can do that through all of our segments. But let me say, we've talked about thriving in any market. And this is a tough market, but there have been good fundamentals happening inside of our businesses. I think in the first quarter, you saw the resiliency of our dedicated contract services model. As they recorded a record quarter one to other quarter ones in both revenue and operating income and still continued demand from our customers in that segment. We're proud of the work that's happened in Intermodal and we have a healthy business model. We did a great job on our quality of revenue and continuing just maintain and stay within our margin targets, while having a lot of demand from our customers for our long-term. 360 box has grown in an environment that's had declining volumes in total signaling that our customers continue to want our services in those areas. We are very pleased with the progress, but yet want to continue to move forward in our Final Mile segment on improving our financial performance there. And finally, we are seeing some improved fundamentals as the quarter progressed and here coming into Q2 and ICS as they are carefully managing their cost in tech and people relative to what's happening in this environment. And while we're cautious on the timing of their recovery in this freight recession, we're going to focus on striking a balance between short term managing our costs, to more in line with current volumes, while being prepared and ready for long-term growth with our customers that will drive long-term compounding returns for our shareholders. And we will remain committed to our three core fundamentals, our people, our technology, and our capacity. And like I say, Darren talked about our people and our safety culture, and it is the number one focus organizationally, how we drive long-term compounding returns for our shareholders and how we drive more value for our customers is leaning into our people, taking care of our people, and making sure that they can trust us, our customers ultimately trust them. And as a result, we grow over the long-term. So I want to say thank you to the people that have been performing for us. It has been a difficult environment that they can weather the environment as we went up during the pandemic, we're seeing the same decline just on the inverse of what happened on the incline. I cannot say enough about what our people are doing to deliver. Sometimes our results don't always show the hard work and effort that's happening as a result. But over the long-term, we feel confident that our people will get to see the fruit of their labor.
