David Mee: Thank you, Jessey. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our second earnings call. We hope we learned a little bit from the last one. So hopefully this will be a little bit more informative and not quite as robotic as the last one was, but we will continue on with these sayings as long as everybody thinks that productive. I have got the team with me this afternoon, John Roberts, CEO; Terry Matthews, President of Intermodal; Nick Hobbs, President of DCS and Shelley Simpson, President of Highway Services, which to remind you all is old ICS and Truck. Jessey gave you some housekeeping, but again if you make sure that you state your name clearly, so when you ask a question we know who is asking and how we can respond. And again, limit your question, one question and one follow-up and we’ll try to get through as many people as we can in this hour. We do have a hard stop at 5 o'clock Central, 6 o'clock Eastern. As far as the general comments, overall, we felt it was a good quarter. I wouldn’t go so far as to say it was a great quarter, but a good one nonetheless, which obviously still have some cost and efficiency opportunities we need to address. But there was also the 2018 bid cycle and pricing efforts and our targeted growth areas were evident in our first quarter - fourth quarter results excluding our pre-announced charges. In Intermodal, we saw rail service interruptions and congestion that continue to hamper our ability to react to unplanned customer demand spikes. But overall, demand for the quarter was relatively consistent with the strong fourth quarter 2017, even though we were a little disappointed and frankly a little surprised that demand did not accelerate throughout the quarter. That said, and I am sure Terry will end up commenting on this during the Q&A session. We have seen positive results on both load growth and price increases early in this current bid cycle. In DCS, we started an additional 458 trucks in the quarter and that’s coming off of a 600 truck add in Q3 as a reminder and we still improved our margins around 200 basis points sequentially. So, the start-ups that we have begun are rolling into price profitability on time and as expected and our private fleet pipeline continues to remain strong going into 2019 in our agreement to acquire Cory's First Choice Home Delivery. It should allow DCS to continue its growth trajectory into 2019 and do it in a less asset-intensive way. In ICS, our gross margins in the quarter reflect the state of the market where contractual pricing has remained healthy and consistent while obviously the spot market has softened. We have watched customer reaction to this market mix and are prepared to help both customers and carriers weather through the swing using marketplace. And speaking of marketplace, we were very pleased with another sequential increase in activity conducted through the platform and we therefore actually accelerate our spending in our investment to develop the upgraded and expanded features to be released in 2019 to allow even faster adoption and execution for both customers and carriers. And last but certainly not least, truck was able to capitalize on the 2018 pricing environment. More importantly, they successfully added to their fleet for the first time in several quarters. These power adds are independent contractors which give us flexibilities to satisfy customer demand while providing excellent service for customer needs. We will continue to purse third-party power as a growth strategy throughout 2019. That’s the end of my prepared remarks given me a glimpse of how we looked at the quarter and kind of a view of how we expect we’ll go into 2019. So with that, Jessie, we are ready to answer questions.
David Mee: Yes, it definitely is a reflection of the amount of dedicated business we added on in the back half of the year. We certainly try to get the equipment in place. So it would generate the revenue and we were fairly successful with that. We still have a very heavy trade cycle beginning 2019. But we would expect our CapEx to be somewhere around $200 million less than what we had a year ago in 2019.
David Mee: Anyway, to answer your question on volume on a calendar month, in October, we were plus five, year-over-year. In November, we were minus three year-over-year and in December, we were minus 6, year-over-year. And then, as far as, some of the general demand.
David Mee: Yes, well, I mean, just generally, I would tell you, well, I mean, they talk about your base business on dedicated. We will start there and then we’ll go to Intermodal.
David Mee: So, all said, I mean, if mix shut down grow completely, he would be running in that 11% or 13% margin range. That is how really how we look at it and that’s how it’s priced and that’s how it’s always been. In intermodal, as far as just general aspect, again, we haven’t moved our margin targets just yet. We think that 11% or 13% is the right long-term margins. We have some room to get up there. So the incremental margin in the short-term, I don’t know how to answer that, because we have to get back to the base case before we can talk about what an extra load is to get to our – to cover our overall cost nut inside of intermodal. But at this point in time, we have to inch back into that 11% or 13% margin range and we do have some cost tailwinds. We have to overcome in order to get there.
David Mee: Yes, I think, obviously the biggest user is still going to be dedicated. But even intermodal has got a heavy trade here. So I would say that they are going to be obviously a large consumer of that as well. And then, part of that – part of our overall CapEx spend is an additional $50 million and technology spend that we are going to end up as we develop our enterprise software and the hardware associated with being able to run these platforms – these digital platforms, that requires capitalization. We’ve been looking at - intermodal is looking at yard expansions, things of that nature, which are high cost one-time items. But as far as breaking out how much goes where, it’s in our plan, but that would been guidance had we decided to issue guidance.
David Mee: That’s three questions in one. It was incredibly clever, Scott. And now I forgotten exactly what all three of them. And I’d start with the margin. At this point in time, 11% to 13% is still our margin target for a long-term basis. However, we'll have to wait and see and we are not pinning this down on arbitration. The other rail cost pressures are also out there. Let’s not, forget that we ride all but one of the big railroads. And so we have to look at as rails pass their cost on us and then as our customers accept price increases, where those margin targets will end up being. But as it stands today, we still think 11% to 13% is the right long-term range. As far as the arbitration itself, I don't have any other information that's not what we’ve already issued public as far as cost.
David Mee: In the short-term, again, it have, but, it don’t hanging on just one railroad. We have to look at our entire mix and see what our rail PTE will look like from all the railroads and we are expecting some cost increases and whether we can capture all that back in a one period bid cycle, we’ll have to wait and see.
David Mee: The growth is ratable, that’s right. It’s throughout the year. That’s here we are, what, January of 2017, we don’t have any data that’s I think anything otherwise. But the good part about it is, we’ve seen him what he is layering on this revenue we are overcoming the start-up costs, because the start-ups are coming out as scheduled and priced. So, I wouldn’t expect a huge lag in their margin as they go on. I think their biggest headwind to margins and I am going to let Nick speak to this, because he can talk about growth in this area is, as they mix in or getting to start – they are starting to get to a size in the non-asset piece that has that mix is with the asset side. That would put pressure on their ORs.
David Mee: For a number of things for their ROIC which is what we want but we will have to discuss that as we start to see that happening.
David Mee: And just to specifically answer your question, Matt, yes, the growth expectation in 2019 is in spite of the rail rationalization and the loss of those loads.
David Mee: Yes, it is not likely that we will talk about guidance in 2019 even when we try to get more visibility, it’s either been ignored or caveated depending on who is reading it. And then it’s never updated. So, we are always behind the curve. So, we’d never use to issue guidance. We thought people are getting out on the lens too far. We started doing it. It worked for about two years and then we are back out to where we were before even putting our numbers out there. So I doubt if you are going to see us issue guidance definitely in 2019 and as far as the arbitration, the information that we have issued to the public is all the information that we intend to issue in public. When we get more information, we will issue more information to the public.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, this is Terry. I don’t think it will change our strategy. Our strategy has always been able to grow, grow where we are capable of growing, as the western network allows us to grow we will grow, as the eastern network allows us to grow, we will grow. Obviously if we have cost coming at us we will try to price that into our product and recoup those costs from our customers.
Terrence Matthews: Well, we have had about 20% of the first rounds of bids have been priced and most of them have been implemented and we are pleased with what the outcome has been. It’s been a very orderly market and continues to be very orderly market and I believe in the future that will persist going through this year. And the first 20% of the bids we will see in high-single-digit rate increase and we’ve been able to grow some volume and we will need to be able to grow some volume because we have some headwinds in the east with some of the rail rationalization that’s going on with precision early. And annual we will probably cost us 50,000 to 70,000 loads depending on the timing on lanes that basically the railroads in the east for the most part have decided to get out of because, they doesn’t meet their expectations or whatever the rationale for that is. But I can say through the first 20% of the bids, we have been able to replace half of the business that we think that we will lose during the calendar year of 2019.
Terrence Matthews: As far as the charge with - in our pre-announcement, we disclosed that $89.4 million was for 2016 and 2017 and that $44.6 million was for 2018. That would have been a full year picture. So the best you could assume is that 25% of the $44.6 million should be applied to fourth quarter. And as fuel, I am really not sure where you are going with that comment, but we don’t break down fuel by business unit, never have.
Terrence Matthews: Frankly, I don’t even know what the direction is, because we always consider it a watch when it all comes out. So, we were chasing it. It would have been a headwind and if we get ahead of the curve it would have been a tailwind for the short period of time.
Terrence Matthews: Yes. I think, as I mentioned in 2018, I thought intermodal was held very closely to truck in terms of the elevation of rate increases as a percent. I think this year it might be a little bit different. There is a little bit of that economy going on because of what’s going on in the spot market in truck. I’ll let Shelly speak to the asset and non-asset rate structures there. But with regards to intermodal, everything that we’ve seen in the orderly market that I talked about is that everybody is, they see similar challenges with regards to rail PTE, higher grade cost and one of the things that we are starting to see is that there is a bigger need for trans load in the West Coast. We have heard from the ocean carriers that railroads and sea is early in the bids that there seems to be more trans loading which will support pricing power off the West Coast. So, I think you could see a scenario where intermodal rates could be higher at the end of the year in terms of overall rate increases than truck, which is different than what we saw in 2018.
Terrence Matthews: Well, I think I mentioned that, we are going to grow in 2019 even with the headwinds that we have with the rationalization in the precision railroading that the eastern folks are doing. I believe I mentioned that that will equate to 50,000 to 70,000 loads and as I mentioned through the first 20% of the bids, we have been able to replace half of that volume that we are going to lose this year.
Terrence Matthews: First of all we came off of 2018 which is a record-breaking year. So we were excited about that. Moving forward, we think we are going to have another good year. It’s too early to tell what it’s going to look like. We measure our pipelines and they are very consistent. But it’s really too early. People are just getting back from holidays and trying to figure things out. So we will be able to have a little bit feeling right around.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, the service that we received from all railroads in the fourth quarter was not what we had hoped and the velocity was obviously down which consumed boxes as we have been going around and talking with the various railroads. They believe the velocity in service will be up with all railroads. So we are anticipating better box churns, better velocity, better service as Shelley alluded to that should help conversion with regards to 2019. So, the rail service that we see in so far the first 15 days, it’s early. But it’s refreshing. We see some of the best service we have seen in the last year-and-a-half much better than last January and hopefully that would continue. We will just have to see.
Terrence Matthews: Well, as velocity picks up and as service gets better, you are going to see better box churns are changing with more loads with fewer boxes and as well as I am hoping that should show up in the dried efficiency because of the more on-time the railroads are, the more efficient our dried fleet would be. So, that could be a potential upside for us.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, the volume churn I think that some of the tariff activity that was supposed to go in December 1, helped some pre-shipping. So we are a little disappointed as Dave mentioned in his opening comment in December. But now that we will see what happens after today’s announcement, but January, everything we’ve heard from the international future companies that their boats are 90 plus percent loaded here in January, which should make January equal to or from a intermodal standpoint, as well as last year. Now there could be a low – Chinese New Year, I think is in the first week of February which basically plays out into this third or fourth week of February. So, they are pre-shipping now because what could possibly happen in March or is that going to kind of wash itself out. Overall, I think when trucks get a little bit looser, and intermodal service goes up, and there is an opportunity to move some freight back over to intermodal, even though there is some rationalization going on, I think some of that has happened in the marketplace. So, with regards to volumes, even with the rationalization it’s difficult in January, February, March, but it’s pretty well in line with so far with what we anticipated for the first half of January.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, we are very pleased with how 2018 turned out for our base business. We operated our base business in dedicated within the guidelines that we say, we want to operate which is at 11 to 13 operating margin. So, we are pleased with that and that’s with start-ups loaded in there and everything. So we are just very pleased with the base business. We are facing some headwinds with growth in final mile and that provides some challenges to it, but the base dedicated business is performing within our guidelines.
Terrence Matthews: Well, I would say that, obviously the CSX is all in on precision railroading and I think the others have taken pieces of it and implemented it in various stages. It looks like the EP is going to accelerate with what they were doing and some of the things that they do, I don’t know if they’ve all been done yet, so there maybe some new things that developed on the Union Pacific side of things with regards to some of their rational as they precision. Precision railroading by definition is this should be better on-time service, better on-time service means that intermodal should grow. And then, the quality of the revenue should also follow that as well. So, I think one of the things that I think that you are seeing why pricing is going is holding and going up is that, if all these railroads are trying to get a 55 ORs as quickly as they can it’s difficult to do that if you are slashing your rates. So, that’s one of the reasons why I think it’s an elderly market because everybody has some of those PTE opportunities in front of them along with the dray as I mentioned and it’s going to create an environment similar to last year and we see what kind of level it settles out in the next months ahead.
Terrence Matthews: I think it’s the cost headwinds that all the intermodal providers are up against in inching the rail PTE, the higher dray cost, and then we think the tightness in the West Coast will continue with more transloading as the international players don’t want their boxes in certain points inland and I think they are going to be pricing in such a way that they are going to see an option maybe better to transload. So, you got a supply and demand situation on the West Coast which is positive for price, and you have higher dray cost and higher rail PTE ease, so – and improving service. So with that, we might have a first sight here and there and some backhaulings in the East. But generally speaking, there is many lanes in the East that are now #-day lanes that were priced maybe for a day, day-and-a-half that I think that intermodal will be able to hold its ground within. As I said, if this economy normally doesn’t be this type, I think this year it might be different and for those reasons.
Terrence Matthews: Well, the congestion, when it’s relieved and the velocity goes up, it leaves more boxes. I think we talked about that the rail velocity or the slow rail velocity last year consumed five or six thousand of our containers and we are getting some of those back rather quickly. With regards to the tariff, March 1st, the potential tariff, I do think it could be similar to December where we are seeing some pre-shipping going on. We always see some pre-shipping before the Chinese New Year. So, you might have not only the normal Chinese New Year low, but you might have some activity or less activity because of the tariffs. Where Easter stands, sometimes that kind of washes itself out. So, we will just have to see what happens with regards to the tariffs.
Terrence Matthews: What I said is, the steam ship companies that we’ve been in contact with said that they are – their boats are more full in January and the reservations they have versus what they had last January coming to the West Coast.
Terrence Matthews: Okay, trailing 12 months would be between $155 million and $165 million in revenue that they did in the trailing 12 months and we had conference calls with all those customers and thanks. So we are very pleased with the acquisition. I think we can help them grow a lot faster when they have a lot of pent-up demand that Cory didn’t quite have the capital to grow with. So they are excited – the customer is excited about that. And then the other question was, our margins in there – it depends on the capital required to develop non-assets. We are going to be in the 5 to 7 range is what our operating margin targets are going to be in that business.
Terrence Matthews: We should have the boxes available and if continues the way they have started the year with their increased velocity. So, as long as there is boxes, I think we can – and their terminals can stay fluid, we will have the necessary power origin destination to pick up and deliveries. So, I would say it’s good as long as the rail network stays stable.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, I think inventory levels – the latest data that I have seen are down versus what we saw maybe a year-and-a-half to two years ago. I am really curious to see what the new data would say in December and January. But I haven’t seen any spike up in regards to that. We know that there is various warehousing shortages throughout the country in certain markets which is some of freight sits on our trader and that’s why we pursued like others as it soils not only for dual but also for storage. I don’t think it’s changed materially from anything that I’ve seen in the last two or three months. But we will have to see the new data when it comes out here in the next couple of weeks.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, and if I had to talk about the truckload market in generally, we see our customers really try to create stabilization in their capacity and being able to predict what their cost will required. We have good conversations to the bid season. Our early indicators for us is to the mid-single-digit on price. But I think that depends customer-by-customer, I think as they year plays on, we will be able to have this conversation bit too early out for the full bid season. But I do think that what Terry said on intermodal could be a change from what the truckload market will see overall and also if we think there is an opportunity this year for intermodal conversions to occur as the railroads do speed up and have more capacity and they are more predictable as for customers could be moving into that at maybe a higher price for intermodal but it would lower their overall transportation cost.
Shelley Simpson: Well, that was a great question. Lower cost to serve with 360. So we definitely see a lower cost to serve with executing in the platform. There is a delta between traditional brokerage and executing in the platform. So that has happened in general. But I would say that softer to the spot market impacted us, specifically in ICS, in particular in December, but just always on fourth quarter as well and continue into January. We think about what’s coming out in the platform, we do have I think, Dave has mentioned the acceleration that's happening. We have quite a few features that we are working on inside the 360 platform and we need to drive more efficiency inside the network but that’s going to be very predictive. So, we get this rollout our very first piece of machine learning. So, using the data points that we have from carriers coming and searching and so what we do with that information in turn and how we create better matches for carriers and also for shippers that something that was implemented in the platform and we will continue to work on the data, time, speed. So a large investment happening inside that space. We are also working on a small and mid-sized market inside 360 but then to have access to the platforms, that’s another key component inside the 2019 budgets internal and then really just expanding the services, so really that our entire organization can gain benefit from the platform. And you'll start to see the rest of the segments coming on to the platform here in 2019.
Shelley Simpson: And I might add to that, I feel like in the truckload sector that from a customer perspective, there is more stabilization happening from a bid award. And so, if you look at what happened in 2018 and in 2017, the freight market was very volatile, consumers were churning, it remains a tip and that in turn made – the truckload service have to churn at what rates they could accept or what really works for their networks. I think there is a more stable network today. So less churn in the bid business that is favorable I would say, that prices don't have to move at the same cliff and then you look at the disruption happening in the intermodal. Terry talked about this. Lane closures in the rail rationalization that alone will create this cost pressures that are happening. And so, I think the disruption happening in intermodal is different than what’s happening inside the truckload side.
Shelley Simpson: Are still at a high level. So we talked about hiring bonuses, but just our cost in total W2 also paying for those hiring bonuses as those we are doing more now it’s our cost to acquire new talent and new drivers.
Shelley Simpson: If I could take your questions just a little differently, because I thought you were going to say, differently about brokerage having marketplace and I would tell you, I think if you look at our ability to grow share to continue to accelerate now that we have better data, more real-time visibility in understanding where the procedures are happening where we can fill the gaps in that. So I would expect ICS to continue to have stronger, but also expect that organizationally, because we use that data to help customers know how to transition into intermodal better or create dedicated fleets or backhaul for owner footprint. So I would expect that to continue to prove beneficial to our bottom-line here over the next several years also long-term. And then from a labor perspective, we do think that margins – as a large portion of margins go to fund the expense of labor. So people do the business. We aren’t expecting in the near-term. So lower our total headcount. We have to accelerate that headcount. We think the platform will be successful when we fit our experienced people with great technologies. And so we think we need both really to accelerate with work to do for our customers and carriers. So we think our gross margin percentage will shrink over time. But our bottom-line percentage should still be in a range of brokerage as we get efficiency and my computer is doing really a lot of the works that’s not that fun to our brokers. So brokers will transition and use their more creative side of problem solving skills with the computer can, and more that the computer can collect the bids and do things that are more automated.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, we definitely have started to segment the work of our ICS sales team. And so, we are looking for different skillsets for carrier sales versus carrier procurement. And so, I do think that that will change over time. Those jobs can be shared at times, but I do think we are going to be talking to carriers about the platform and the adoptions and features and benefits of saving their money, giving them more time that we are having giving them a better experience, let’s just be doing at the moment when something needs to happen.
Nicholas Hobbs: Okay. Yes, this is Nick. We are very pleased with our acquisition. It gets us into the furniture side of final mile in a big way. We are pretty heavy on the appliance side and so this gets us into the furniture side and if you look at the final mile big and bulky delivery, we think it’s $12 billion to $14 billion spend. $5 billion is the largest and that’s in the furniture area. So we are excited about what that can do and then $3 billion of that is in appliance and then you get smaller on medical and exercise equipment. But where we are focused is on the big ones right now and we are excited about that. We are not planning on any more acquisitions. We think we will take this one now and it will really launch us into the big segment and we are excited about that. We think that we are one of the larger players in the big and bulky delivery and give great service and Cory was a great match. They’ve got a great reputation on the service side and their culture matches ours very well. So, I’ve been on the call with all of their customers and it’s been a great transition - setting up for a great transition. We will close on that next month. But we are going to be able to do a lot of integration, I think with Shelley’s team and even Terry is on some intermodal inbound. So I think there is going to be some extra revenue picked up from that from our relationship. So I think it’s going to be beneficial to a lot of different divisions.
Nicholas Hobbs: Todd, that would be asking for guidance, clever. However, before I allow and make Dave answer, I just wanted to make that point very clear, he will not give you guidance, okay.
Nicholas Hobbs: I would just say, particularly, once we get the acquisition owned, it’s 90 something percent non-asset. So it’s going to come on and then, just the growth in general that we already have on the non-asset side and the final mile, it’s going to be a bigger percent of our portfolio and it’s climbing. And so, that’s going to put pressure on our overall margin in dedicated that has both final mile and dedicated in it. And so that’s what I was trying to allude to. We are very pleased, we break it out internally. We are very pleased and it is hitting the margin targets that we have shared numerous times. So we feel very good about it.
Nicholas Hobbs: Yes, I would just say that it’s still a challenge out there. There is some markets that are still really tracked. But I would say it’s eased slightly, but it’s still difficult to find good quality drivers and we are still needing quite a few of those. So, there is still hire on bonuses that are out there. So that tells you that it’s still tight. There is not as many, but there is some out there. So I would say the market is still very tight, particularly in our dedicated side, so.
