Darren Field: Thank you, Nick, and thanks everyone for joining us. I plan to review the performance of our Intermodal business and give an update on the market, our service performance, and the opportunity we have to deliver value to our customers. I'll start by reviewing Intermodal's performance in the quarter. Demand for Intermodal capacity remained tempered, driven primarily by lower overall activity because of the inventory destocking cycle and the resulting declines in import activity. Volumes in the quarter declined 7% year-over-year, and by month were down 9% in April, down 8% in May, and down 4% in June. While we are hesitant to suggest the presence of any green shoots, we saw evidence from customers in June that the destocking trend has moderated. We experienced some pressure on margins in the quarter, largely related to the lack of volume and our inability to leverage our cost structure that is in the process of being built to handle significantly more volume. Volume growth is needed to drive down our unit cost as a broader portion of our portfolio was repriced this quarter. With regards to the market environment, but specifically to bid season wrapping up here in the near term, overall pricing for domestic Intermodal service fell within the range of our expectations as we entered the year, but our overall portfolio trended towards the lower end of those expectations as the bid season progressed. As it stands today, Intermodal continues to present a strong value proposition to customers with vastly improved service at a discount versus the truck alternative at least in line with historical averages, all while cutting the carbon emissions on a load of freight on average by 60% versus the haul truck alternative. We continue to see an enormous amount of freight to convert from Highway to Intermodal and have been working very closely with our primary rail providers to build resiliency in our networks, capacity and a comprehensive service offering to capitalize on the opportunity. As it relates to the overall service from our rail providers, I am encouraged by the trends we are seeing in velocity and on-time service quality, but more importantly, the commitments to collectively work towards an even better overall experience and value proposition for customers. We have stressed the importance of sustaining service through a volume recovery and that's where our joint focus is today. We'd like our position and feel confident in our rail provider's ability to handle more volume as recovery ensues. We believe we are in a unique position with our rail providers to accelerate growth for the domestic intermodal market by providing a differentiated service and value proposition for our customers. In closing, I want to make sure I reiterate the opportunities we have to deliver significant value to our customers with the investments we are making in our people, technology and capacity. As I stated last quarter and what has probably become more evident this quarter, we have a network built and resources available to handle significantly more volume than we are executing today. We remain in a coiled spring status better prepared to meet the future needs of our customers. That concludes my prepared remarks. So, I'll turn it over Brad Hicks.
Darren Field: Thanks, Allison. When we commented on a tremendous amount of loads that Intermodal can and should be the correct solution for, we've seen that for many, many years. I don't know that it's any more pronounced in the current environment than it's been for the last decade. The reality is we want to develop a better service product and better service experience for our customers with more predictability, and we're working every day today with our rail providers in order to achieve that. That will continue to be our focus as we move forward, and we know that the last, I'm going to call it, five years of rail service has been difficult. However, in today's environment, we're seeing significant improvements, and we're seeing significant commitments, including investments by our rail providers, to help us in this area.
Darren Field: Well, coming into the year, we relied heavily on customer forecasts, and they were largely all wrong. And today, we're still a little cautious on what we expect as the year goes on. We will for all -- forever rely on feedback from our customers as we work together to provide capacity and grow solutions for them. So, I don't want anybody to hear green shoots. What I would say is last year Q2 was the strongest volume year. And as we move forward, the comps get easier, frankly, and that's an element as we move forward. But we know that we have the capacity and our customers are confident in what we do. They want to grow with us when their demand returns, and we'll be ready for that.
Darren Field: Well, certainly, we were carrying extra cost in -- so far this year as we have extra equipment. We're not utilizing. We certainly took driver wages up a year ago. Those wages are certainly going to stay elevated and yet the market has challenged us with pricing and prices are negative. At this point, we really need more volume to unlock cost takeout from our system and improve the utilization of both our container fleet as well as our drayage fleet and then just the employee base supporting our business, all of which would give us an improvement in our margin profile.
Darren Field: Well, that would constitute probably given a little bit of more direction on price than I really think we can. What I would say is our customers have asked for a better service, more consistent service product from us. We're working on providing that. I think that Intermodal has to provide the correct balance of value in the economics as well as the service quality. And that's why we're focused in those two areas. As we move forward, I think the discussions we've had with our customers are around how together can we take cost out to find advantages in pricing. And then, the Intermodal price will always lag the Truckload market. It's never quite as severe. And, certainly, the spot market in truck is a pretty small influencer on the Intermodal pricing overall. Contract drop trailer pricing plays a little bit more of a role in terms of our economics and the influence it might have on our customers purchasing of Intermodal. But I don't know that the spot market influence that we've seen on the Highway side is showing up in any form of dialogue with our customers. It's a data point. It's one of many that we keep an eye on.
Darren Field: We have long asked ourselves if you just cut rate, do you just get more volume? And the reality is the two are not as yoked as you would think. You can cut your price and then haul the same amount of loads for a lower price. We spend a lot of time growing experience in our pricing teams, our sales organizations. They work very closely together in our pricing exercise and process is not quite as commodity like the way you described it. Certainly, as the correct opportunity presents itself, and it comes with volume that contributes to our organization at the correct investment level, if those economics we can meet, then we do that. And we look at them one opportunity at a time, always have, always will.
Darren Field: Well, Scott, let me start first on margin. Price will always improve our margin faster than volume will. That will be the case for my entire career. I think you've heard us talk about the need for volume to see some improvement because that's the most likely influencer fastest. I don't anticipate any sort of pricing market in the near term that's going to help with our margin as quickly as we might see an opportunity to grow our volume. Meanwhile, when we announced a 150,000 container growth target over what is now more like two to four years, we did that with the mindset of growing our volume at a correct return, and that will continue to be our focus.
Darren Field: So, on the pricing front, typical calendar year, and I would say this year is no different. We repriced 30% in the first quarter or implement 30% in the first quarter, 30% in the second, 30% in the third, and 10% in the fourth. I guess, the 10% in the fourth quarter would most likely be the next pricing cycle. So, as we get through this quarter, we'll really finish up implementation. I think that just as a general, we had some customers move a little faster this year. So, it's been earlier than what has been the historical norm. So, there's not that much new price left to implement as we move through the third quarter. And as far as the equipment goes, I think John Roberts highlighted it really well. We continue to see this enormous opportunity to grow our business with value to our customers. That being said, we're not going to ignore the fact that we ran into a slower time, and we did back off where we could. I don't want that to represent to our customers, most importantly, any hesitancy to bring on that equipment. We will continue our pipeline of equipment, but we're going to be prudent with our capital. We're going to be prudent with our expenses to the extent we can. And then, we'll speed it up just as fast as we can. There was a time three or four years ago we actually stopped it, and that taught us a big lesson and we don't want to do that unless forced to. But at this point, we believe in our long-term growth opportunity, and we're going to continue to bring on equipment. But we're going to be as smart about that as we can, and I think the quarter showed that we can slow that down at the right time when demand kind of fades for a little bit.
Darren Field: So, I'll start on the West Coast. We had a number of customers that highlighted as soon as that contract negotiation was complete, they would consider moving back some of the East Coast imports through the West Coast. We haven't seen. It's not been real visible to us, but we are in dialogue with many of our customers talking about that opportunity. We still feel confident that the West Coast import opportunity for our customers is the fastest lowest cost answer. So, we're confident that we will see a slow move back to the West, not all of it. Some that went to the East will stay in the East, and we serve those markets as well. So, we're certainly glad that the West Coast labor negotiation is behind us at this point, and so, we'll continue to look for some benefits from that as the year moves on.
Darren Field: So, why don't I start with the inventory question. What we -- what I think we recognize is coming into 2022 in the first half, our customers had made significant orders and they had a lot of inventories as sales began to decline. As those sales declined, they were full flushed with inventory, and it took them some time to burn through that. We're not suggesting that we've had any dialogue with any customer that suggests they don't want to maintain some level of inventory that is aligned with their sales. I mean, they're trying to match inventory with their sales. I'm not aware of any customer that wants to miss a sale because they didn't have inventory. Obviously, they don't want to do that. They're just being a little bit more cautious on the ordering process, and I think supply chain actually allows customers to get their orders faster than they were during the pandemic, and all of those factors are playing in a role. But I'm not aware of a single customer that wants to intentionally hold inventory down if that meant at risk their sales.
Darren Field: Well, Jason, that's with the guidance, I think, what all I'd say is we continue to be encouraged by dialogue we have with our customers. We're prepared to grow. We're specifically prepared to grow on the West Coast as imports continue to improve and our economy, we're still waiting to see if there will be any kind of a holiday shipping season. Not a lot of predictions around that, but we'll have to wait and see. And I would -- the mix was a factor in the first quarter. We talked some about that, and you could see it just in the results of growth. As we move forward, it just depends on what our customers doing, what their sales are like, and unfortunately, I can't really answer your question as we're all waiting to find out the same answer to that question.
Darren Field: So, we've been giving -- during the pandemic, we started providing the monthly volume change year-over-year, that's really all we're going to do in the monthly sequential view there, and anything moving forward is guidance that I just really can't provide.
Darren Field: Well, I don't think volumes in the East in the quarter were significantly impacted by anything in Ohio. That [indiscernible] occurred back in, I think, early February if I'm not right if -- I don't recall the exact date. But certainly, the eastern network volumes in the first quarter were encouraging. They remain encouraging. I think a year ago, we had a lot of strength in our eastern network business. And we continue to present pricing and service solutions to our customers in those markets. I would also say that the Highway price is more competitive in the East than it is in the West, and so that plays a slightly more significant role in our eastern network. And I think that as the quarter went on, we really saw enormous improvement in our service performance from our well providers. And that wasn't the case necessarily in the first quarter, but we really experienced a lot of excellent service during the second quarter and we've got a let that play out and work with our customers so that they can see the quality of service and continue to give us an opportunity to grow as the year goes on.
Darren Field: So first of all, on the comp period, I didn't intend for it to sound like June was an easier comp. June was actually our most difficult comparison month from '22. So, certainly, June had some positive signs in it. Again, we're still in a wait-and-see mode for the rest of the year.
Brad Hicks: Thank you, Darren, and good afternoon. I'll review the performance of Integrated Capacity Solutions and our Truckload segments, what we collectively call Highway Services. I will also provide an update on J.B. Hunt 360. Starting with ICS, similar to some of the prior comments, overall demand in truckload brokerage was muted versus the prior-year period and what would be expected from a seasonal perspective coming out of Q1. Top-line revenue for the segment was down 43%, driven by volume down 26% and revenue per load down 24%. Overall, our contractual business is holding up better versus our spot business on the volume front as our contractual business was up double digits year-over-year. This highlights the competitiveness in the market, particularly on the spot business, but also how much activity has declined in the spot market year-over-year. Notably, there seem to be some firming or at least a bottoming out on spot rates towards the end of the quarter and we saw that reflected in our gross margin. Wrapping up on ICS, we remain committed to our long-term investments in this area around our J.B. Hunt 360 technology, our capacity, which in this instance is third-party carriers, and our people. We recognize we have too many resources for the level of activity currently in the system and we'll continue to work to make adjustments to our model to set us up better to adapt to the swings in the market moving forward. Now moving to Truckload. As you recall, we moved almost all of our company tractor assets or trucks out of this segment over to Dedicated with our last quarterly report. Remaining is our drop trailer or 360box service offering served primarily by third-party carriers or independent contractors. These non-company-owned asset providers source available drop trailer loads on our J.B. Hunt 360 platform, driving efficiency in the supply chain for our customers and for their own operations. We continue to be pleased and encouraged by the relative strength of our drop trailer demand as customers appreciate the value and flexibility it provides for their operations. Wrapping up on JBT, we are still relatively young in the development of our 360box service offering and continue to make investments to strengthen the product and drive greater efficiencies. We remain encouraged by the market's growing demand for our 360box service and will remain committed to our investments to drive long-term growth in this area. Wrapping up quickly on 360, we remain focused on ways to maximize value for our customers and the carrier community. The level of engagement and interaction in the platform informs us about the market and provides a solid foundation to drive productivity in our operations across the organization and eliminate waste in the overall supply chain. While some of the productivity is masked by the current environment, we remain confident on our ability to drive long-term value for our customers and our company with our investments. As is always the case, we will remain disciplined with our investments focused on driving long-term compounding returns for our shareholders. That concludes my comments. So, I'll turn it back to the operator to start the Q&A portion of the call.
Brad Hicks: Yeah, I'll talk more about truck count and what we see there. Our pipeline, I would say, is still full. We feel very good about our pipeline. There's a lot of different fleets in there. And so, we really like what we've seen. Our hit rate or close rate is ticked up just slightly. And so, we like where we're going there. So, we feel good about Dedicated. Going to be close to about where the fleet size is end of the year. We still got some other trucks to take out from our maintenance and clean up. As I said, we'll be primarily done with that at the end of Q3 with the extra truck and older trucks. So, we'll see some help there on our truck count, but we'll have some deals that will start out there in the year. But I would just say it's kind of very consistent throughout the year on the sales pipeline. I know we closed a few more trucks in Q2, but the demand does seem to be there, but still people are a little reluctant to pull the trigger the way they had previously.
Brad Hicks: Yeah. I'll just add from a 360 standpoint, we stay in committed to our investment in the platform technology as it relates to all things J.B. Hunt. We don't think about this one window of time that that we find ourselves in, which is probably the most remarkably difficult environment many of us have experienced in our careers. Largely, the investment that we've made in tech is behind us as it relates to the platform, but we will continue to invest to add capabilities and features of value for our customers and for our carriers. And so, we remain committed, Scott, to the idea that the platform drives value for J.B. Hunt. And it's difficult to see in the last 90 days, but there's a lot of things that are really difficult to see in the last 90 days. And I think that we'll be better for it as we come out of what we're in. I think, Shelley said last quarter, it's not a matter of if but when. And we believe that when that happens, we're going to be very well positioned and poised to be able to scale for the growth that our customers bring our way.
Brad Hicks: And then, Brian, from a Truckload capacity -- this is Brad Hicks, we continue to see net revocations be at elevated levels throughout the second quarter. We've commented previously that in past cycles, typically that range where a carrier can hang on is in a 12 to 15 month window, and we would believe that we're in that nineth to 11th month range depending on what you pick as a starting point. We see orders on new tractors down, notwithstanding some carryover for replacements at the peak of COVID. And we're also seeing pressure in the carrier community kind of pushing back on PTE ranges. And so that kind of makes us feel like that that bottom that I made comment to in my prepared remarks has been realized. Now, we don't know what volume is going to do in the back half, and then certainly any lift from here could prove very valuable to us, but certainly not anticipating any normal peak at this point, but we would expect it to pick up from here. But we don't know. If you look at the elevated revenues that carriers were benefiting from in the peak of the pandemic, it's hard to tell how much of that they were able to save that could carry it deeper than maybe some of our historical data represents. And so, still a little bit wait and see, but certainly seeing more indications of closures or losses in the marketplace today.
Brad Hicks: Yeah, David, thanks for the question. We really coming out of Q1. We saw the downward pressure on volumes and we saw that replay itself, if you will, in Q2. So it's really that radical decline. We have reduced headcount, as you can see. And then really what we're focused on is how we can successfully grow back in to the remaining resources that we have more so than continuing to diminish our capability because we know that when this does turn, we want to be ready and prepared for that. And so, spending a lot of time making sure we are ready for that, tightening up where we can. But by and large, I think the vast majority of the right-sizing is behind us at this point.
Brad Hicks: And I think for part two, I may not have heard the question entirety, but I think the question was around what do we see for the future of our power-only with 360box. What I would just say there is that we continue to have very strong demand. We had double-digit growth in the network again in the second quarter. And so, in spite of the environment that we're in, to have double-digit growth in a truckload capacity, we're very encouraged by that. I do think that we learned a lot about the radical up and the radical down in the last 36 months, and we're hopeful that we can best align our strategy for those types of swings in the future. I'm hoping that we don't have that level of volatility in the future. But in the event that we do, I think that we're poised to take advantage of the critical learnings that we did experience, again, both on the radical up and more so on the radical decline that we've seen over the last six to nine months. But the customer's appreciation of what box can do for them and the value that creates around flexibility in their system has been very welcoming from a customer base standpoint. So, we remain excited about that.
John Roberts: Hey, Amit. I'll address the question related to Yellow. One, we're probably not going to comment on that. But based upon the change in certain stock prices today, I guess we wish we were perceived to have some sort of benefit from whatever may be happening in the industry, LTL industry. And then, I'll pass second part of your question over to Darren.
John Roberts: Yeah, let me make a comment just overall, then, Brad, I'll ask you to comment on kind of where we are with 360. But in general, I think the vision and strategy here is that while we know we're in some turbulent water, the opportunities that we see to invest in are probably as good as they've ever been in all aspects of the organization. I see certain changes being made lately that are even more encouraging from a capital allocation discipline standpoint. For instance, moving the power out of the JBT business into Dedicated is a step that is very consistent with long-term investment strategy and a perspective that we have such a huge addressable market and such really, really high-quality services and brand and team of people that are so committed that we would just be remiss to slow down. I know it feels a little off timing right now, but I -- even as of this morning, I continue to be super confident in the opportunity and our ability to execute on what is in front of us. And Brad, let me let you hit.
John Roberts: Well, David, let me answer it this way. I mean, Darren provided information about the cadence of how contracts were implemented over the course of a year. As we enter Q3, a larger portion of our book of business will effectively be repriced. And so, as the year progresses, more and more of our overall portfolio or book of business is repriced at rates that are more commensurate to the environment we're in. And so it seems like that should give you an answer or at least some color to provide you direction of what you're trying to get at.
John Roberts: And maybe just for the benefit of everyone on the call, Darren provided the monthly down 9, down 8, down 4 as the quarter progressed. In the prior-year period, April comp was plus 4, May was plus 9, and June was plus 10. So June was our toughest comp in the quarter.
John Roberts: Thanks, Shelley. Great thoughts there. I've noted, as we discussed here, as we usually do in this call, we spend most of our time on the kind of current state, near term, appropriately. That's what you need to help continue to evaluate what you see here. I want to mention that we do manage and run our segments with intense focus on detail. It's one of the qualities that I think can set us apart when we do it right. And that's a daily, weekly, monthly evaluation of the critical elements of the business. And so when we look at the macro, when we talk about big compliance and other elements that are vital, it's also important to know that it's a very almost surgical approach that we take. I think we see short-term focused decisions yielding short-term results. And, accordingly, we just are more focused on positioning for that future opportunity than dealing with the current conditions, knowing that that future opportunity will need us to be ready. It does remain a when, not if question. And I can tell you that while I appreciate our composure on our long-term vision, we have great from a real-time work and focus under Shelley's leadership on the current issues that we face because of the freight recession that we're in. And so, I just want to emphasize, our focus here is on our customers, enriching our people's ability to serve our customers, and we are thinking of ourselves as a coiled spring. It's a great analogy, and I'm very, very pleased with the work so far. And we look forward to a great future and calls that we'll be able to give you updates also. So, appreciate you joining us today.
