John Kuhlow: Thank you, Shelley and good afternoon, everyone. My comments will cover a high-level review of the quarter, provide some additional color on our costs and the impact on margins as well as provide an update on our capital plan for 2024. As a general overview, we continue to face inflationary cost pressures despite also facing deflationary pricing pressure. Our financial performance is not where we want it to be, particularly in Intermodal and our Highway Services. We recognize that some of this is driven by market dynamics, while some is related to our decision to remain committed to our investments to drive future growth. As Shelley alluded to, we remain committed to our efforts to control our costs while trying to maintain the right balance of resources to support our future growth. I'll start with a high-level review of the first quarter. On a consolidated GAAP basis compared to last year, revenue declined 9%, operating income declined 30% and diluted earnings per share decreased 35%. The declines were primarily driven by a combination of lower yields and freight volume combined with inflationary cost pressures. Our tax rate in the quarter was 28.7% versus 24.7% in the prior year. The increase was related to discrete items and other adjustments and we continue to expect our annual effective rate to be between 24% and 25%. As previously mentioned, in addition to the market dynamics, our commitment to our investments in our people, technology and capacity are putting additional pressure on our cost structure and, as a result, our margin performance. We have visibility to these costs and their impact on the performance of each business segment. On a consolidated basis, these costs aggregate to approximately $100 million related primarily to having too many resources with our people and capacity for our current business levels that we plan on scaling into overtime. That said, we remain committed to our cost initiatives and have identified additional areas of opportunity to address which should not impede our ability to support meaningful growth of our business. We are confident in our ability to scale and leverage our investments. But right now, our focus is on how we best control our costs in the near term without diminishing the long-term earnings potential we have built in the business. Switching gears to our capital plan, we are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet to provide us with ample liquidity to deploy capital as needed to drive long-term value for our shareholders. We have navigated this challenging freight environment while remaining conservatively leveraged at or below our target of 1x debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA. We did retire $250 million of our senior notes that matured in the quarter with availability under our credit facility. For net capital expenditures, we previously stated an expectation to spend between $800 million to $1 billion for 2024 and we have no change to that range despite some recent announcements to further expand our capacity in our Intermodal segment. And finally, we will remain opportunistic with share repurchases. This concludes my remarks and I'll now turn it over to Nick.
John Kuhlow: Yes. So Ken, as we kind of said in the opening remarks, we've been talking for a while now about our investments in our people and our equipment and we thought it would be helpful to provide some additional transparency on the impact of these investments and so we've quantified as best we can for that for you. We do have good insight into our productivity and utilization metrics and that's informed us of this cost measure. And so if we were focused on the short term, there could be a different play to call here. But we have a very long-term view on the company and our investments and we believe in our strategic decisions and around our valuable resources. So if there was a major economic environmental change, we may consider but right now, we're focused on growing into this capacity and holding on to our commitments to our people for the long term.
John Kuhlow: Yes. So Tom, this is John Kuhlow. So our bad debt expense on a consolidated basis quarter-over-quarter was $4.6 million. We had a reversal in the prior year first quarter of around $1 million and we charged $3.6 million in the first quarter of this year.
Darren Field: Thank you, Nick and thank you to everyone for joining us this afternoon on the call. I'll review the performance of the Intermodal business during the quarter, give an update on the market and service performance and highlight the continued opportunity we have to deliver value for our customers and all of our stakeholders. I'll start with Intermodal's performance. Overall, demand for our Intermodal Service was weaker than our expectations, while imports into the West Coast have improved and inventories per our customers are in a more balanced position. We have yet to see that translate into any meaningful pickup in demand for our valued service product. Volumes in the quarter were flat year-over-year and by month, we're down 2% in January, up 3% in February and down 1% in March. While we are seeing growth in business in some lanes, particularly outbound Southern California, we are seeing pressure from truck pricing in the East. We have been surprised by how much competition we are seeing in bids but are remaining disciplined with our valued service offering. In February, we announced, we entered into a multiyear intermodal service agreement with Walmart in an arrangement that includes the purchase of Walmart's intermodal assets. This will increase our available container capacity as we execute toward our stated target of 150,000 containers. While this capacity is not needed at the moment, we saw this as a unique opportunity to make an investment that we feel confident will be beneficial to the organization over time. After not having enough capacity to meet our customers' demand in 2021 and '22, we have consistently been growing our capacity to ensure we are out in front to meet our customers' growth needs while also providing a high-quality service product that is reliable. We are pleased with our rail provider service levels and their approach and commitment to growing Intermodal. We are in constant communication with the railroads on ways we can work together to drive growth. While we believe that weak truckload pricing due to overcapacity is influencing customer decision-making, we continue to see a large amount of freight that should be converted from over-the-road to Intermodal and we have the capacity and people in place to grow with our customers and recapture share from the highway. As we have previously discussed, we continue to work with our rail providers to launch new services based on feedback from our customers. Our announcements last year, launching Quantum with BNSF and our new Mexico service in collaboration with BNSF and Ferromex, are two examples. Both service products are performing well but we are still early and see opportunities to grow with both services moving forward. Finally, on costs. As we have said previously, we have the resources and capacity to handle significantly more volume than what we are currently handling, to the tune of at least 20%. This has been a drag on our margin performance and more than anticipated given both the depth and duration of the current market dynamics. We continue to challenge ourselves on our costs while trying to balance the future needs of the business to support meaningful growth. In closing, we continue to strongly believe in the strength of our Intermodal franchise. Our customers trust us and we continue to find new and innovative ways to better serve their transportation needs. We are pleased with current results and have the people, technology and capacity in place that will allow us to scale into these investments. We remain excited to work with our customers to meet their growing demand with an efficient cost-competitive and more environmentally friendly solution. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn it over to Brad Hicks.
Darren Field: Yes. So Jason, this is Darren. We've said before, we price about 30% in each of the first 3 quarters and about 10% in the fourth quarter. And so the pricing cycle that began in October of '23 is something less than half complete but around 40%.
Darren Field: Yes. So on, certainly, the West Coast, imported volume that we've seen has, to some degree, disconnected. But of course, a year ago, the comparison for imports was so poor that I don't think it was very difficult for those comparisons to look so strong. The other thing I just want to highlight, while our volumes were flat for the quarter for the entire network, our Southern California eastbound volume did grow in the quarter by double digits. And so we did experience some volume growth in segments of our business. Now obviously, that means we didn't grow and actually lost volume in other areas. I think in our earnings release, we talked about being negative 7% in the Eastern network. That's been a dogfight, with truckload capacity pricing being really, really competitive. And as we move further into the year, we continue to look for ways to drive cost out, present value to our customers and be prepared for growth in the future.
Darren Field: We've said that we're probably out of the business of trying to predict the future because it's been really, really difficult for over 4 years now. Certainly, pricing in intermodal, whether it be from truckload capacity or other intermodal competitors, it has been competitive. And history would tell us that it is where we are in the cycle right now and that there will come a time when pricing and volume will return. I think that Shelly's prepared comments really highlighted that we're in a spot where it's out of balance and certainly, customers have taken advantage of that and the future really gives us an opportunity to seek both growth and pricing improvements.
Darren Field: Yes. I probably really can't comment on the volume related to it. Certainly, we're looking to grow with all of our customers.
Darren Field: Well, I'll jump in from an Intermodal perspective and then we may have others that want to comment. But going through 2021 and '22 when we really could not provide enough capacity for our customers, I think, really did teach us an important lesson, as well as commitments between us and our rail providers to grow with each other. I mean those are our genuine commitments. The announcement back in '22, jointly with BNSF to grow the fleet, was a joint commitment to expand capacity for the intermodal market and both companies are honoring that commitment and making sure that our customers are aware that we're there and ready to support them when they need to grow. Now clearly, if the magnitude of the cycles really inflects much greater, that can mean that the down cycle can be a little more painful and then it's hard to be out in front enough to cover the up cycle. And so we will certainly adapt as best we can. We'll continue to work with our customers to ask for better forecasts and how can we get better identification of the opportunity. But we know this, when we're there to support our customers' growth demand, it certainly bears fruit for our shareholders over the long term as those customers just gain more and more confidence in our ability to serve their needs.
Darren Field: Scott, I'll quickly jump in on your first question around Q2 versus Q1. We're a non-guidance organization and we're trying hard not to be predictive. Certainly, history would tell us that volumes in Q2 on average are better than Q1. That doesn't mean I'm telling you that Q2 would be better but history would suggest that's been the case. And so beyond that, we don't have a visibility into pricing at this stage to make any prediction as to what would happen with that.
Darren Field: Well, certainly, pricing is always the fastest cure for a margin challenge. That's going to contribute quicker than just raw volume. But volume today, with 20% excess capacity, has never been more valuable to our system in terms of the role it can play on expanding the margin. So it feels like how quickly can we grow into 20%, well, it's been certainly more than a decade since we grew 20% 1 year. We're still very confident in the overall market of truckload business where intermodal can and should be the right answer for. But I don't want to tell you that we're going to grow 20% in a year's time. I don't know that that's in the card. We'll have to wait and see. Our system is built for it and could accommodate it but that's not necessarily what we'll see. So from a timing perspective, to get back into the margin target, I mean, certainly, we need to see when does that inflection happen and what is the pace of sort of pricing opportunity, how fast is capacity exit, what's the sort of the sharpness in the curve of the demand environment. And if I gave you a prediction on that, I'm sure I would be wrong.
Darren Field: Well, the announcement by Norfolk Southern on the intermodal changes was almost completely international intermodal related, so it hasn't been an impact at J.B. Hunt in any way whatsoever. In terms of what's going on there, we're not involved in that and I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment on that.
Darren Field: Jon, I think you're asking the same questions that we ask to our customers throughout both events. I mean, the fourth quarter uptick in demand for us was a surprise and our system was able to accommodate capacity to execute on it. Equally, coming out of the fourth quarter, we were surprised by the magnitude of the decline in the first quarter. And certainly, I don't have a great answer in terms of what the catalyst was, I think the mix of our particular customer base certainly drove the opportunity in the fourth quarter and it may certainly be returning. Kind of as Brad highlighted, maybe what we experienced in the first quarter was actually a little bit of a return back to normal off of a higher fourth quarter and we've got to wait and see where the year takes us at this point.
Darren Field: Yes. So I think that the pricing that we issued early in the bid season, we had some surprises with the results and it was really competitive. And we were surprised by the magnitude of some of the truckload rates from truckload competitors out there and that's certainly has helped us to identify can we offer shorter-term programs to our customers as we move forward, are there opportunities with the rail providers to participate with us in a way that we can be more competitive. And we're seeking all of those opportunities one opportunity at a time, one customer at a time and we'll continue to do that and see where we land as we move throughout the year.
Brad Hicks: Thank you, Darren and good afternoon, everyone. I'll review the performance of our Integrated Capacity Solutions and Truckload segments. I will also provide an update on some of our work in J.B. Hunt 360. Starting with ICS and similar to the past few quarters, the overall brokerage environment remains competitive from both a volume and rate perspective. Segment gross revenue declined 26% year-over-year in the first quarter driven by a 22% decrease in volume and a 5% reduction in revenue per load. These figures include the contribution from BNSF Logistics which contributed a little over $70 million of revenue to our results in the quarter. As we expected, we've had some challenges with the integration of the business but are encouraged and remain optimistic about our opportunity to penetrate the small and medium-sized shippers through this channel. One additional challenge we faced in the quarter is the proliferation of strategic cargo theft that we have discussed previously which I'll touch on later in my comments. We continue to make progress on adjusting our resources to our current business levels while driving greater accountability in the business. As everyone is aware, spot rates have and continue to be under a lot of pressure. While some of the weather-driven tightness in January pressured gross margins, looser capacity in February and March helped recover, to some degree. Closing out on ICS, we aren't pleased with the current results but we continue to make adjustments to improve profitability while focusing on ways to enhance productivity to allow us to scale disproportionately to our costs when the market turns. Moving over to Truckload. Segment gross revenue was down 13% year-over-year driven by a 9% decline in revenue per load and a 5% decrease in volumes. Overall, demand for our J.B. Hunt 360box service offering is outperforming the overall market as volumes in the quarter were up once again versus the prior year. That said, we would characterize demand for drop trailing capacity as soft as a reflection of our current trailer utilization and what we are seeing in bids. Similar to what you heard in Intermodal, we have greater resources and trailing capacity than what the current demand environment requires. We view our trailing capacity specifically as being greater than 20% underutilized. We have been encouraged by how well demand has held up for our drop trailer solutions, J.B. Hunt 360box but we have certainly seen pressure on rates. Thankfully, this model allows us to be more variable with our costs and we think ultimately will present opportunities for us to scale a cost-competitive solution for our customers while generating an appropriate return on our capital. I'll close with some comments on 360. Technology enables our people and helps drive productivity and also drive efficiency and how we source and serve customers with our available capacity. While technology is a foundational pillar for us, it has opened new avenues for bad actors to engage in sophisticated strategic theft given these organized groups' access to thousands of loads through our platform. To combat the increase in strategic theft, we are making some adjustments to harden the security of our system and have new initiatives that will deliver in the future to further enhance the security of our platform. As you have and are likely to notice, we are shifting some processes to be more manual in nature until these new security features are implemented. Long term, we continue to believe our technology investments will drive productivity and efficiency gains and remain confident that these investments better position us for long-term growth with our customers and allow us to create greater value for our stakeholders. That concludes my comments, so I'll now turn it over to Brad Delco to provide instructions before the operator opens the call for Q&A.
Brad Hicks: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. It's Brad Hicks. It's certainly been extremely competitive for several quarters now. As we think about the brokerage market, in particular the spot market and what we've seen there, we see a modest tick-up in January, only to see that kind of level back down to the trough that it's been really for probably the last 4-plus quarters in terms of what rate and quality of revenue has done. We're certainly focused on trying to grow where we can grow and grow with customers that we believe that we can create value for, such that that's stickier in the forward view. As I've mentioned in previous quarters, those that we supported at their time of greatest need have seemingly gone the way of finding the lowest-cost solution that they can possibly find and that certainly harmed our business, our volumes. But I do feel like our gross margin recovered throughout the quarter. We saw it hit severely during the winter storms in January which is abnormal for us. But we were able to recover and deliver a gross margin of a little over 14%, I think it was 14.3%, so we were encouraged by that and we're certainly focused on volume.
Brad Hicks: Yes. I'm showing what we reported in the period for Q1 for our Truckload segment at a little over 13,000 trailers which is just down 100 from same period in 2023.
Brad Hicks: Yes. And let me just add from my opening comments that we do have excess capacity and so we're making good company-wide decisions around where we can utilize those in the short term but in no way are we abandoning our 360box strategy. As I mentioned, we actually had volume growth inside of the network that, that box strategy supports and we remain very encouraged about that service offering.
Brad Delco: Justin, this is Brad. I mean, consistent with what Nick said, I think our direct comments last time were, say, in light of our visibility to some fleet losses, it would be difficult to grow. But I think most of the market has interpreted that as relatively flat. I don't know that we want to be on record providing guidance for that. But I would say the pluses or minuses, since we've previously stated that, I think clearly, the sales performance in DCS coming out of Q1 is a lot stronger than we anticipated. We talked last year about the pipeline being very strong and some bigger deals begin there, obviously, some of those landed. But I would also say that's the positive side. On the negative side and this was in Nick's comments, we have seen a pickup in some bankruptcies and so that's maybe a little bit of a negative that offset some of the positive on the new sales performance that we've seen to start the year. So, I just want to add that in.
Brad Delco: Yes. And then while we're on this tough topic, I do want to link maybe, Tom, that question with an earlier question to John Kuhlow about how we're approaching capacity and our investments. As an example, you've seen us really temper down the pace at which we are adding containers. We recognize that the market wasn't developing or evolving as quickly. Obviously, we've mentioned that the depth and duration of this current part of the cycle has lasted longer than we anticipated. And I think some of that recognition was you seeing us pull back on the pace at which we are taking those deliveries of additional containers. And so, what I thought was a good attribute of this transaction which was opportunistic -- was we certainly have accelerated our pace at getting to 150,000 containers which we announced back in 2022 but without adding additional capacity to the industry. And so I think it's a good highlight here and I just wanted to reiterate that for the audience.
Brad Delco: I might just add, in terms of the capital allocation, John Kuhlow, you can add to this as well. Think about our different businesses, Dedicated is a success-based capital pull-down, if you will. So when we sell new Dedicated deals, it requires us to invest capital. And we will continue to do that because of the discipline and how each of those deals are underwritten to specified return targets. If you think about Intermodal, primarily most of those assets, at least on the trailing side or the containers, they're 20-plus-year assets. We obviously are way out in front of what investments are needed to support our growth there. And so then it's a matter of what's the right replacement cycle for a sector equipment, what's the right balance of what we're utilizing maybe the 360 platform for, insourcing third-party capacity whether it's in intermodal dray or other parts of our network. And then finally, where we would see capital is growing 360box in the trailing equipment. So I think there's a lot of flexibility in terms of how we deploy capital. And this is an example of a year, if we look in the first quarter EBITDA certainly down year-over-year but the debt-to-EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis is actually down from where we were at the end of Q4 and our cash balance is up slightly. So we generated very strong cash flow in the first quarter. And so our capital priorities won't change: number one will be to invest in our business; number two, support our dividend; maintain investment-grade credit rating; and number four would be to opportunistically buy back stock. And every once in a while, we do see inorganic growth opportunities but that's not really at the core of who we are. And so that will kind of continue to be our discipline going forward.
Brad Delco: Amit, I'll start, just first on your question about Q2 and forward guidance. I mean, we just, in the history, don't provide intra-quarter updates on volume and we're not going to do that here. So I'll turn it over to Darren if he wants to comment on the second part of your question but we'll be limited on what we'll say there, too.
Brad Delco: And then the final thing I'd make and again, just to sort of point, Amit, you did mention volumes down sequentially by around 9.5%. That certainly is worse than normal seasonality. I would point out, though, if you wanted to look at that same analysis, historically, we've seen Q3 and Q4 volumes relatively at parity and we saw and we talked about seeing a stronger peak season than what was expected and I think what was sort of experienced by the overall market. And so if you compare where our Q1 volumes came in relative to Q3, again, assuming that normally Q3 and Q4 are relatively flat, volumes were down 7% which is a little bit closer to normal seasonality.
Brad Delco: Yes, Jeff, let's cover that off-line. I think we did have some trailers that were transferred over to DCS. So if you noticed, the DCS trailer count is higher and that's a lot related to some of the business that was transferred at the start of 2023. If you recall, we moved some business out of JBT into DCS and some of the ownership of that trailer stayed in JBT for the year. We transferred those over.
Jeff Kauffman: John, congratulations. And Shelley, big fan, congratulations as well to you. My one question is the following, you mentioned growing out the franchise, the focus on the longer term. I was a little surprised to see trailer count down so much sequentially from fourth quarter. Are we basically saying the trailer pool experiment is done and we're going back to something more normal? Or is there anything driving that, that would be something worth noting.
Jeff Kauffman: Well, it's down about 1,700 units. So I was just kind of curious why it was down so much given the trailer pool growth that we've seen in that division for the last number of quarters.
Jeff Kauffman: Apologies, I was looking versus fourth quarter but I can come back to you off-line. I was just a little bit surprised.
