David Mee: I’ll jump in with the numbers first and then I’ll let Terry offer up his observations. In January, the volumes and these are based on calendar days, we were down 7% in January, we were down 6% in February and we were down 7% in March.
David Mee: Well, based on the comps I think the volume growth will show up sometime in the third and fourth quarter. I think there is – the sales inventory ratio has crept up a little bit and I think they need to bleed off some inventory here early in the second quarter. Easter doesn’t help being this week which typically is not a good freight week in past years.
David Mee: Well, there is no base in 1Q '18. We acquired it in February 15. February 15 of '19 is when we closed on the deal. And Cory revenue for six weeks was about $20 million.
David Mee: Part of it is where we run the – that’s the line item where we run our IT spend in. That’s the biggest move.
David Mee: Yes, hopefully. It’s also where we have a bunch of lawyer fees, so hopefully that eventually goes down.
David Mee: And from a general strategy we haven’t changed our general strategy. We said early on that we would try to take a more balanced approach to volume and price. But irrespective of what’s happened in Q1, we haven’t changed that from a bid perspective. And Terry said, we’re about 40%, 45% through and that means that that freight will start moving here in Q2. If we get it – award compliance is down, but that doesn’t mean that we have changed our approach, if you will, to price versus volume in this cycle at this point in time anyway.
David Mee: A lot of that comes with the bid compliance. If our volume can increase the way we anticipate it to increase, I think we’ll have – that would take the pressure off the margin.
David Mee: We haven’t. Internally we tried to take a stab in the dark at what those costs are, but we haven’t – I’m not comfortable saying they’re solid enough to talk about what the real dollars were.
David Mee: No. It’s just a matter of – it’s just part of the winter operations. They tried to avoid truck freeze ups. Didn’t especially around Chicago. And then you end up with the same thing in the chassis fleet that’s sitting around. We set it rolling. Just general lack of utilization and the general cold weather maintenance time costs.
David Mee: Now don’t necessarily equate lower network utilization with purely less activity. There was a lot of inefficient activity.
David Mee: Yes, the first quarter was probably the second best quarter we’ve had in our history as far as number of startups. The 400 plus Q3 of '18 was a big quarter for us. The top line is still full. We think we’re going to hit our sales marks this year, so I would say it’s still good. Last year was a record year. Don’t think we’ll quite hit those numbers, but it’s going to be a good solid year for us with the way our pipeline looks at this point.
David Mee: I don’t think we’ve encouraged them to do so but I think all railroads have taken bits and pieces of precision railroading and implemented certain parts of it, some railroads more than others. And I think the BN has done their fair share in certain aspects of that.
David Mee: Okay. Well, if there’s no further questions, thank you all. I appreciate it. And this concludes the call.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, I would say a couple of things that went on in March. First off, I believe the West Coast was down versus what we anticipated. I think the data that we have seen is that China in February not only because of Chinese New Year but because of the potential tariffs that were supposed to go in March 1st with kind of good shift, I think is down 20% plus and I can see that landed into a much slower West Coast volume off the West Coast. The other thing that we’re hearing from customers is that the warehouses are full. We’ve got a very late spring and typically the restocking of spring merchandize did not show up in March as it has in past years. So those are probably the two major factors along with the things that we had with the PSR lane closures that we’ve seen and then the service disruption that we saw in February, some of the freight that we used to handle we think maybe drifted some of the French [ph] freight drifted from – maybe from the rails and we think that the service pickup that we’ve seen recently, some of that should come back to us here in the second quarter.
Terrence Matthews: Yes. Intermodal, I would say there’s a leveling off. There are pockets that Nick had mentioned but there’s a leveling off effect and it’s not the same environment as what we saw last year.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, the margins that we have East or West are similar, so that really shouldn’t affect us too much. I think the East still has great opportunities to be able to grow. Yes, there will be a little noise with the truck but I think as service continues to get better and that’s going to be the key, if service can get back to the levels that the railroads have told us they expect to get to in the East, I think we’ll be able to track enough loads to be able to grow their particular product in the region of the country.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, I haven’t really seen anything that would make me think different. I can’t predict the future but I don’t see anything that would make me think different today.
Terrence Matthews: Well, I’ll handle the rails first. The rails last two, three weeks are – their services that they had provided are better than what they did in '17 and '18 but not to the targets that they have set. There’s still a pretty good gap there. So that’s been helpful. As far as the closures, I think we mentioned 50,000 to 70,000 loads and most of those started January 1. I think there was one lane that closed in March. And then with regards to the bids, we’ve been able to make up roughly half of those and it may be a little bit more than that. But what we’re seeing is some of the compliance on the old bid awards and the new bid awards are a little less than normal.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, on the Intermodal side I think I mentioned we had 25% to 30% of the bids were in and we were in high-single digits. We’re now at 45% implemented and that has held true. The next 25% to 30% that is out there is less than high-single digits. And the last 30% will be – as that unfolds we haven’t even priced that yet.
Terrence Matthews: It has somewhat but not near as much is what we saw in February with regards to the winter and what happened in Chicago. It’s gotten near as much at least for the railroads that we run on maybe versus another railroad. But I believe the February weather was by far much greater than the flooding.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, I think the mentioned the driver wages were leveling off and it’s a little different moving forward and maybe what we saw this time last year. With regards to the volume I think Dave mentioned March was different than what we thought it was going to be and I mentioned that the West Coast was somewhat different than what we thought it would be in March. So those are two of the things that are different.
Terrence Matthews: The East Coast railroads know that they need to be market relevant and I think that they will understand what’s going on in the truck market and they will make sure that their providers are market relevant in accordance with that.
Terrence Matthews: Probably not in the second quarter. There could be a quarter in the second half in that range from a margin standpoint.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, the volume consideration is we’re basically living the bid cycle that we had in 2018. And as Dave and I both mentioned, we’re taking a more balanced approach. And with that we believe that the volume should turn positive in the second half. And when that turns positive, the dray assets, the box assets or everything basically starts falling to the bottom.
Terrence Matthews: This is Terry. It’s the comps and it’s the recovered comp PSR and it’s going to take us to get through the good cycle to be able to recover from that and have it changed what we’re thinking in the second quarter in terms of – excuse me, the second half in regards to positive growth.
Terrence Matthews: It’s not a concern today. I think the BN runs a pretty good railroad and they’re heavily into Intermodal. So I think when you look at PSR – the BNSF versus maybe a railroad that has a different type of mix, it’s kind of apples and oranges but some of the concepts that PSR has I believe the BN will implement some of those concepts.
Terrence Matthews: Yes, this is Terry. It’s a small number because we started ramping up in March and we have something over 70% that got signed on in late March. So that will show a bigger number in the second quarter and hopefully we can be 90% plus by the end of the second quarter of having our outside dray carriers hooked up, which should help us – Shelley mentioned should help in dray matching and doing empty legs in dray which will make them more efficient thus should make us more efficient. And then the second thing I would say to that is that it also adds another carrier to carrier 360. So if there’s not a dray to handle for JBI, they can go look in the marketplace and participate on a one-way Truckload. And so we’ll be adding thousands of carriers via the Intermodal dray network into carrier 360.
Nick Hobbs: Yes, this is Nick. I would say we’ve had a great response to our Cory acquisition particularly in the furniture segment. We run up against a bunch of small competitors. We do run up against a couple of the bigger ones that’s done some acquisitions previously. But it’s no more than what we normally see. There’s no one out there that’s been really overaggressive in the marketplace I would say. So I love where we’re at, I love our position with Cory and they’ve got us in with a lot of key customers in the furniture segment.
Nick Hobbs: This is Nick again. I’ll talk specific about dedicated. There is still some tight markets out there in Northern Cal or PNW, Chicago, Ohio through to the Northeast where we still have some extra incentives on to hire drivers. But in the rest of the areas it has softened up. We’re not taking wage reductions with drivers but it has eased up some. So it’s still tight in some markets but we feel pretty good about where we’re at from a driver positioning as of today.
Nick Hobbs: I would just say that as Dave called out in the earnings report, our base business operated in the 11 margin range in Q1 which we’re very pleased with and that’s good for us in Q1. So we’re excited about that. As we do bring on more acquisitions and as Final Mile continues to grow with lower margins with higher ROIC, it will have some dilution on the overall dedicated. But it will be incrementally in small amounts I think going forward.
Shelley Simpson: I think you’re setting me up on that. All right. So I would say just in general the brokerage market is competitive. This season has been very aggressive. We purchased PTE on the spot market, if you will, although we might have regular carrier relationships. A lot of those changed with the dynamics of what’s happening in the market. And so the price can change more quickly back to customers certainly on spot but then also in the published business. We’ve seen a very aggressive bid season this season. I think part of that, Brad, is just having more data and understanding you do see new competitors in this space specifically on the digital freight matching side. So just having the data, knowing which carriers are interested and what lanes fit those carriers. This year we know that better and I think competitors know that as well. But I would say it’s a very aggressive and competitive bid landscape from a brokerage perspective.
Shelley Simpson: I can’t speak for what others are doing. I do see our competitors aggressive on price in the bid season. We have obviously our own strategy and we’ve got a lot of data that helps us back that up for us. We still wouldn’t generate a profit at the bottom line. So understanding the relationship on how price is changing, what’s happening in supply/demand by lane, we can see that more clearly now through the marketplace and we are using that data to help us be more surgical and understand better how we should run with customers and for that I would expect us to take market share.
Shelley Simpson: And on the Truckload side – to speak of Truckload from an asset perspective because I think I’ve already spoken about what’s happening in the brokerage space that about 30% of our business is implemented inside JBT and that’s going to be a mid-single digit price increase. And in Q2 we should implement another 38% of our business, so around 70% of our business complete by Q2 and that business will be low-single digits. And the second half of the year is still too early to tell.
Shelley Simpson: I think I said mid last time and I think I said – it’s tracking about what we expected, maybe slightly lower but of that what we expected.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, so our price change on our contractual business was up 12% and I think I talked about that earlier that we would see price renewals here in the first quarter mid-single digits moving into Q2 in a lower-single digits and then it’s too early to tell for the second half.
Shelley Simpson: I would say the market being soft in general we were able to extract our gross margin percentage from the market as carrier prices were falling through the quarter and we were still holding onto our customers’ contractually. And so I think that we also did a decent job in adding incremental customers to our portfolio in the first quarter really going after that small midsize market, adding new names and going after the spot market to help balance what was happening in the published side of the business.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, I would say prices are negative in the bid season and I would expect them to be negative for the full year. I don’t see them going significantly worse than they are today in change but they are negative and there’s a definite difference between the asset part of our business in price than the brokerage part of our business.
Shelley Simpson: Okay. I’m sorry. Those were several questions. So the first question was – sorry, I was thinking about the last question.
Shelley Simpson: Well, we did see it any time the spot was a significant part of brokerage the year before. So we saw the same thing happen. I don’t know to the same magnitude, but 2014 to 2015 we definitely saw a change happen from asset-based to non-asset based. And then in my past, I don’t know, 11, 12 years experience in brokerage I’ve seen it. But these were two of the biggest years that spot has been in the market from a brokerage perspective. So I expected for prices to fall inside the brokerage part of the business. We budgeted for that. It has been more aggressive than what we expected, but it’s also been slightly softer than what we expected. So I would say those two things add up to me.
Shelley Simpson: I think it might be a little more pronounced because our price went up so significantly as an industry and certainly for us inside 2018. So there’s probably a bigger change from those two periods. But I will say it is different as far as the change in how much prices have moved in brokerage.
Shelley Simpson: So, Brian, we think that digital freight matching is really in its maybe first inning from adoption, from the carrier community but also – and what we can do with it, but also from a customer perspective. We do have quite a few things on the roadmap for this year to deliver for our customers and for the carriers as well. We do expect the platform to continue to grow overall for our company. Our objective is to create the most efficient transportation network in North America and that’s really by being all shipments and all capacity to eliminate the waste in system. So we do believe technology can drive significant advantages for both carriers and customers and the things on our roadmap for this year should help us deliver some of those items and some of the opportunity. We do still believe in 2020. We’ll continue to have some of those on our roadmap. And the more we’re in the platform, the more we start to understand how we can benefit on both sides; shippers, carriers and obviously us in the middle helping arrange for transportation. So that’s our objective and that’s across all of our segments, not too specifically inside ICS for us. It’s really about the most efficient way to move goods. And so we are putting quite a bit on the science piece and trying to understand data to be more predictive and to be able to solve that on the frontend versus having someone try to do that in their own head or through a calculator.
Shelley Simpson: I don’t know if I could answer for that. One of the efficiencies that we’re driving to, the platform is just helping the carrier find the right lorry, the right truck at the right time, so for them getting the right load in the system. So today they’re having a heightened package and trying to find a load that would fit them, the elimination of empty. If I looked at I think [indiscernible], we recorded the highest as an industry, the highest percentage empty in the year 2018 at 12% over a 15-year period. That just makes no sense when you have technology that can create the match. So for us the change that’s happening on prices is a direct result of helping them find better loads. Certainly the market’s readjusting to the spot rates that were out there at one time. Hopefully those carriers haven’t built a complete model on spot and we certainly don’t. But the platform isn’t just about – it’s not really about bidding the rates against each other, it’s really about creating the most efficient way to move that good and that’s by finding the right carrier at the right time.
Shelley Simpson: I don’t know. I think it might be too early to tell. Certainly, we’ve seen cycles of that in our past and in our history and I would assume if would follow the exact same cycle that – a similar cycle that it has in the past, but I’m not sure that we’d be able to say that. We’ll say it’s just a bid that we’re looking at and the numbers of bids we are placing. Responses to customers are up for us significantly inside ICS here in Q1. So not only are we implementing more of those rates for our key customers but also we’re adding new names, and so customers are a lot more interested in talking to us in the brokerage part of the business.
