John Kuhlow: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning, everyone. My comments today will cover our recent performance in the quarter and for the fiscal year 2022. I will also provide you a preliminary view on our capital plan for 2023. Overall, results for the quarter were mixed. As freight volumes were pressured by unseasonably soft demand as compared to prior quarters of the year. That said, operating results were fairly resilient in spite of an unusual item that I'll touch on later. On a consolidated basis, revenue for the quarter grew 4% year-over-year, but operating income declined 13% and GAAP earnings per share declined 16%. We incurred a rather large income statement item in the quarter for approximately $64 million or $0.46 per diluted share for an incremental pretax increase in casualty claims expense. This charge is similar to a charge we incurred in the second quarter of this year as certain claims from prior year incidents continue to settle at much larger amounts than what we have historically experienced. For the full fiscal year 2022 on a consolidated GAAP basis, revenue grew 22%, operating income grew 27%, and earnings per share grew 29% versus 2021. Based on the solid performance for the year, we voluntarily paid out an 8.8 million appreciation bonus in the fourth quarter to our frontline employees in recognition of their contribution to a fantastic and record year for our company. Of note, we paid a similar appreciation bonus a year ago, so the year-over-year impact was not significant, but worth calling out when looking at sequential performance. We continue to focus on and maintain a strong balance sheet providing us with ample liquidity to deploy capital to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Our capital plan for 2023 contemplates between 1.5 billion and 2 billion of capital for business needs. This includes elevated levels of replacement demand as a result of equipment challenges experienced over the last two years; growth CapEx to support investments, primarily in JBI and DCS; and investments in real estate. Importantly to note, a large portion of our growth CapEx is success-driven based on our ability to secure long-term dedicated contracts. This growth component and the timing uncertainty is the reason for this range. Our capital allocation plan for 2023 also contemplates supporting our dividend consistent with our long-term practice, as well as taking advantage of opportunities in the market to repurchase shares. We will continue to monitor and manage our leverage target to around 1x EBITDA, but are comfortable going above this level if investment opportunities present themselves. This concludes my remarks. And I will now turn it over to Nick.
John Kuhlow: Hey, Amit. It feels like a second question, but it's a good topic, so we'll grant it to you. On the appreciation bonus, that was for all frontline employees. That's predominantly drivers, but also includes technicians and then some of our office. So, it's primarily in the JBI and the dedicated segments. That's where we have most of our drivers. I'll give you of the [8.8, 3 million] [ph] was in Intermodal and Dedicated was another 5 million and the rest is spread throughout the other segments.
John Kuhlow: Yeah, Jordan, this is John Kuhlow. I'll address that. We've seen similar to others in the industry over the last 12 months to 18 months a dramatic change in our settlement experience on our claims. All of our claims, but most importantly, our more severe claims are settling at much higher levels than our historical experience. Sometimes to 5x to 10x what they were five years ago. And so, our insurance coverage consists of layers and there are certain layers in there that have caps. And when we exceed those caps, the claims expense reverts to us. And the 30 million that we recorded in the second quarter and the 64 million that recorded in the fourth quarter for a total of 94 million in the current year represents our reserve adjustments on previously incurred claims. So, these are all prior period claims that we've increased our reserves based on our experience. With that, I will tell you that the reason why we've done this is because our insurance claims costs for the claims experience is dramatically going up. And it's a highly unpredictable environment. We are not planning in 2023 for another one-time charge. But as I said, it's highly unpredictable and we're continuing to watch our claims. Now, I will tell you that we have made some changes to our structure going into 2023. And so, we are going to be taking on more coverage and to contemplate this. And I'll go even a little bit deeper than we normally do just because this is a significant area that we're focused on. I think on a rate basis, our premiums are going to be up around 15% just on the core premiums. But as I mentioned, we're adding in new layers of insurance and so our premium base will also increase.  That said, we're expecting our incurred losses to increase as much as 30% to 35% in the next year because of what we're seeing on these, just the movement today on how these claims are being settled. So, a little bit more insight than we would normally give, but wanted to give you a little bit deeper information on what we're seeing in the insurance area.
John Kuhlow: Yes. Well, it kind of goes through all fleets, Intermodal, Dedicated and Final Mile. Talking to our OEMs, they're still going to be constrained, they think this year. And so, we've publicly announced that we're going to a third OEM that will help us alleviate some of those constraints, but based on our forecast, we will still be handling a few hundred trucks that are past due at the end of this year that could move forward if the OEMs numbers come up. But we will have some trades that we're going to carry with us the most part of the year.
John Kuhlow: Yes, there wasn't anything in specifically that I was referring to. It was just more commenting on the strength of our balance sheet, our liquidity position, and the ability to take advantage of opportunities that exist. We still continue to look at buyback or excuse me, at M&A as it becomes available we'll continue to do so. But buybacks and dividends are also a core piece of our capital allocation process and we'll evaluate that as well.
Darren Field: Thank you, Nick, and hello to everyone on the call. I'll review the performance of our Intermodal business in the quarter and talk about our opportunity to deliver exceptional value and capacity to our customers in 2023 and beyond. I'll start by reviewing the performance in the quarter. Demand for Intermodal capacity was seasonally weaker than normal as PCs and activity leading up to the holidays was absent this year. Volumes for the quarter declined 1% year-over-year and by month were up 4% in October, down 3% in November and down 5% in December. We experienced improvements in rail velocity in the quarter and also saw some modest improvements in customer detention of equipment on a sequential basis. That said, we still believe we can see further progress on both fronts, which will further improve velocity and decrease transit times in our system. We believe that current trends around velocity present opportunities for us to sell a higher valued and reliable service product in the market. As we think about 2023, we see a lot of opportunities to deliver value to our customers with our industry leading Intermodal service product. As Shelley discussed, customers have shifted their focus more on costs and service versus capacity. We believe our intermodal service product presents our customers with opportunities to save money by converting highway freight back to intermodal, which reduces their costs and is further supported by fuel cost and carbon emissions savings, while [import volumes] [ph] have been weak, we still see opportunities to gain customers wallet share by converting highway freight and transloading more international freight into our domestic containers.  Additionally, we are in the best position to commit more intermodal capacity to our customers as we progress through the current bid season based on solid improvement in rail service levels and our investment to expand our capacity. Finally, because I anticipate this being a question, I thought I'd address it here. As you are aware, we have more capacity and better alignment with our Western Rail provider, BNSF, and we have both committed to the long-term growth of our collective intermodal service offering. We will compete in the market on the basis of cost capacity and service and we feel confident in our ability to earn our customers' business and grow our wallet share. We are not approaching 2023 with a volume versus price mentality, but how do we set-up our business to drive the greatest shareholder value over the long-term. This was my eloquent way of saying, we historically have not given any guidance on price, volume or margins and we will continue that streak, but also the streak of managing our business to compounding our growth and returns over the long-term. That concludes my prepared remarks. So, I'll turn it over to Brad Hicks.
Darren Field: Sure, Chris. Appreciate the question. I think universally our customers are positive towards re-converting highway business that should be intermodal. I think they are appropriately cautious in saying, hey, J.B. Hunt and BNSF, I need you to prove it to me that you're going to get your service and velocity quality back. And I think we're aligned like we continue to say every quarter more than ever with BNSF on that mission. I have talked to my team at length four months now about rebuilding confidence in our customers. Our customers are looking for ways to save money, and intermodal is a way for them to save money. And as velocity improves, it even helps in inventory carrying costs. And so, there's a lot of opportunities for us to continue to talk about growing intermodal and certainly, I don't know of a customer telling us, I'm not interested in converting business to intermodal. I think across the board, our customer base is very receptive, but I do want to at least acknowledge there's a bit of a lag in that process and I think we are busy proving to the customers that the service quality of velocity has improved and will continue to improve as the year goes on. 
Darren Field: Yeah, I would say, it's early, but so far in January, our rail service is the best it's been since the first quarter of 2020. And so, that's a really positive sign. We're not quite to where we want to be fully, but there is massive improvement in the rail service today.
Darren Field: Yes. So, it's a topic for us daily. Our box turns in the fourth quarter were 1.44, nowhere near where we expect them to be. The realities are, we're in a bit of transition period when velocity, customer unloading, a host of challenges, created weakness in our turn ratio. As we come out of that scenario and get back into a more normalized velocity process, gain productivity with our dray fleet, look for productivity in the container fleet, we have lots and lots of capacity to grow into. That's an opportunity for us. I mean in the fourth quarter, in the second half of the year, we're extremely confident in our ability to serve our customers' needs as there will be a return to a peak season shipping. I don't have a number to give you in terms of how many containers come out of the improvement in velocity.  What I would say is, we're probably on a long march and I'm not sure we can accomplish it in 2023, but we anticipate getting back to a turn ratio in the [175 to 180] [ph] in the future. And that will be very direct effort on our part and we'll be cautious with our container purchases, but we have to keep that supply chain open and moving and we need to be onboarding equipment at least some, but we'll be looking to grow our volumes as fast as we can for sure.
Darren Field: Well, I appreciate your attempts, Scott, to get me to give guidance. We're not going to be able to do that. Certainly, I do expect intermodal to grow this year on all fronts, on revenue, on earnings, certainly on volume. I think that as we come out of the first quarter, there is a lag. You can see it in the import economy. I mean, there is a significant lag in demand at the moment. Most of our customers, if not all, are optimistic about summer and the rest of the year. There's an inventory correction going on. We have real opportunities to grow our intermodal business and we're working on that every day. Certainly, we're not going to ignore the fact that right now the market is soft in Q1 and inventory is trying to correct. As far as boxes, we really haven't made any announcement about how much equipment we're onboarding this year. What I would say is, it's more than zero, but certainly we're going to meter back a little bit over where we have been as velocity has really, really brought a lot of capacity to our market.
Darren Field: Yes. Good morning and thank you for the question. I started to talk about that pivot at the end of Q3 and we certainly saw that play out. And in my prepared comments, I used the word atypical. We certainly saw that throughout the fourth quarter, a continued weakening from October into December. As we sit here right now just through 15, 16 days in January. I would say, we're consistent with what we saw end of December. However, as Darren mentioned, we do expect sometime maybe second quarter going into third quarter with inventory resets. We would fully expect to see the freight market rebound, but I do feel like this is the area of our company that will most feel the volatility we've long discussed and documented what happened in the spot market and that still sits about where it was. And so, until we see some of that freight demand rebound imports start flowing, I think we'll be in a comparable environment to what we saw in the fourth quarter in brokerage.
Darren Field: I just want to jump in, Brian. You asked a little bit of – you hinted at Eastern rail providers, and in both Eastern railroads, Norfolk Southern and CSX are also performing better than they have in 2022 and we're confident in their plans and continue to see really significant opportunities in that part of our network to grow highway share conversion back to intermodal as this year goes on.
Darren Field: Sure. I'll take that. I mean, do I think that fluidity in the supply chain will get better with weaker demand and allow the system to kind of reset itself? Absolutely. We're experiencing that today. Our customers are better set up for their supply chains and the port infrastructure is accommodating imports today. And so system is moving more fluidly. As that relates to storage revenues, the only way to answer that is it depends. As long as our customers are unloading faster, then there will be a decline in those revenue streams, but that frees up capacity to operate more shipments on that container every month and that's our focus today.  That's why you'll continue to hear us talk about real cost can come out of our system that can translate into savings for our customers, which just allows us to provide value faster and grow our intermodal business.
Darren Field: Well, I mean at the end of the day, we understand pricing pressure out there. Customers want to save money, but again, there is real cost to come out of our system and there's real efficiency for us to gain with growth. And so, as we grow our intermodal business, there is the opportunity to continue to do more loads with the assets that we have. It may not translate into the same income per shipment, but if we're executing more shipments as we move forward and find a way to drive some cost out, then we're going to be able to grow our income really strongly as we grow volume. And that's the mission, is to get out as this bid season goes and as we're out communicating and displaying to our customers that velocity has improved and the intermodal service product has really improved a ton and can get closer in transit to what truck transit is. We feel like we can really grow our business significantly, which will turn into income growth as the year goes on.
Darren Field: Well, I think Intermodal contract prices should continue to provide in most corridors a significant saving against highway contract rates, fuel inclusive. And that's been the case forever and there'll be no difference this year. Certainly, there's a handful of markets out there where I think truck spot prices may be applying some pressure at the customer level around their mix of highway and intermodal and we'll watch that and we'll try to adapt and we'll talk to our rail providers and look for ways to take cost out of our systems so that we can be competitive, but at the same time, we're going to be disciplined about our returns and our margin profiles and everything about our business that has been the case forever at J.B. Hunt.
Darren Field: So, I don't know that we have enough details yet to really have a strong position on that. We universally hear from our customers that they want to maintain a significant share on BNSF. They have confidence in our ability to talk them through the service improvements and our ability to provide the capacity that Schneider has taken with them. So, I think there's no doubt out of our customer base that we have the capacity to backfill anything Schneider was operating on BMSF. It's also not the top of mind topic when we're talking to our customers, the first subject is not, hey, can you take on Schneider's business? Our process is to go into a customer and talk about their network and look for solutions with intermodal where it's the right solution regardless of who the competitor might be handling that business. So, we're just out trying to solve for our customers and we think they have real confidence in us. I think that the Schneider exit means a ton in the way we talk to BNSF, how we collaborate together, how we're talking about operations in the terminals, how we're going to market together. So, the Schneider exit from BNSF to me is significantly valuable in the way we're communicating with BNSF. And I'd like to believe our customers will get a benefit out of that.
Brad Hicks: Thank you, Darren, and good morning, everyone. I'll review the performance of our Integrated Capacity Solutions and Truckload segments, what we collectively call Highway Services. I'll also provide an update on J.B. Hunt 360 and how we continue to see the platform bringing together our scroll, but specifically Highway Solutions to drive value for and on-behalf of our customers, whether with or without a drop trailer solution. I'll start off with ICS. ICS top line revenue was down 33% comprised of a 27% decline in volume and a 9% decline in revenue per load. Our truckload volume in the quarter was down 21%. Transactional or spot truckload volume was down year-over-year, but contractual volume was up slightly year-over-year. We experienced additional pressure on our transactional and contractual business in the fourth quarter as demand and volume were unusually soft during what is normally considered peak season. Maybe said differently, there was no peak and demand was actually weaker in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, which is atypical. As we've discussed in the past, our goal remains to leverage our platform and make investments that will allow us to scale our business by outpacing the market. Despite the poor performance on our top line, which did influence our profitability, we do remain in our people and our platform J.B. Hunt 360 to deliver exceptional value for our customers and our shareholders over the long-term. Shifting to truckload, while the freight environment was challenging in the quarter, we continue see evidence of demand for drop trailing capacity holding up better relative to the overall market, which we believe was demonstrated in the quarter. Volume in JBT increased 6% versus the prior year quarter. We believe customers continue to see value in the blending of their live and drop trailer capacity needs that we can provide by leveraging our platform powered by J.B. Hunt 360. As we move into 2023, we will remain focused on leveraging our investments and our people, technology, and capacity to further scale the business. We see a long runway of opportunity for future growth in 360box supported by disciplined investments, solid execution, and earning appropriate return on our capital. Wrapping up on J.B. Hunt 360, I wanted to take the last minute here to make sure the investment community understands that our digital freight marketplace is a tool that drives value across our entire enterprise. For example, it allows us to source third party intermodal dray capacity. It provides us backhaul freight opportunities in DCS, and allows us to prop-up a startup fleet as we hire drivers or source equipment. I believe more obvious, you see the results in ICS and JBT as we are able to run non-asset or an asset-light business leveraging our data and systems to provide almost unlimited capacity for and on-behalf of our customers. ICS and JBT collectively is our highway solution for our customers, representing the largest segment of the North American transportation market. Whether the customer needs drop trailers that historically could only be provided by large asset truckload carriers or a [spot load] [ph] and a live load, live unload network, we are one solution on one system backed by the J.B. Hunt brand. That concludes my comments. So, I'll turn it over to Brad Delco to give instructions before the operator opens the call for Q&A.
Brad Hicks: Ken, I'll make a few comments here. We're still very early in bid season, but our strategy is clearly focused on winning contracted business. The spot market and what we've seen in that over the last several months and we can't necessarily count on when or if that may return or if and when it does, does it get back to what it used to be? Is it something less? And so, we are optimistic about our early feedback in bids and what we're seeing there, meeting our expectations in terms of volume growth of contracted business. So, from a – on the transactional side, on highway, that's our predominant focus. I think in years past, we will move around the percentages of what's published versus spot and I would anticipate us being on the highest end of that from a contract standpoint versus spot in highway. Intermodal certainly a little different. They don't play the spot market nearly as much. And so, I'll let maybe Darren comment what he's seen.
Brad Hicks: I'll start, Jason. And I think maybe you're asking about what we might see on the truckload side and then how we think about that impacting in any way, shape, or form, Intermodal contract rates, if I understood the question correctly. We certainly have seen and expect to see downward rate pressure on the highway side.  The good news is from where we sit in the evolution of our truck line and now with the combination of ICS and JBT, we are for the most part variable on our power and so we're able to ebb and flow with that fluctuation in a much more favorable light than perhaps we were when we were an asset provider. But we do fully expect, you know I'm not going to give guidance on what we anticipate or what we're planning for on the overall rate movement, but we certainly expect it to be down somewhat substantially just as we saw it go up somewhat substantially or abnormally two to three years ago. We are seeing that kind of correction back downward. I think on the intermodal front, the only thing I would say is, historically and then I don't think it'll be any different today. Intermodal will outperform a downturn in truckload rates. I'm not going to ignore that certainly becomes a dialogue and a talking point for our customers, but the savings Intermodal offers against a truckload price continues to be significant and whatever is happening in the truckload contract pricing, Intermodal will continue to be advantageous for our customers for now and for the long-term, particularly when you add the cost of fuel in there.
Brad Hicks: Thank you, Bruce. Part of that was by design, it was just making the point that it was a step-up from prior year as we look to continue to finish out some of the tech investments that we've made both at ICS and for JBT in Highway. Really focused on our ability to get productivity gains both from our people and also better transparency and visibility of our platform for both our carriers and our shippers. And so, do we feel like there's upside as we continue to move forward? Absolutely. We've started to realize the benefit of those tech investments as we've talked about for the last few quarters, but there's still work to be done. Even inside of 2023, we expect further build out of those technologies that will help us on productivity and overall execution of the business. All focused on really if you think about the platform, it has enabled us to really think about how we would blend what's historically been our live freight business, which is ICS versus our [drop freight] [ph] business in JBT.  And through that blending, we're able to make better decisions. The drive efficiencies help improve service and then ultimately can be a benefit to our customers through a low cost. So, that's what our focus is going into 2023 and we expect to make continuous improvements throughout.
Shelley Simpson: Good morning, Brian. We did use the theme word and we have through the whole pandemic and that was being fluid, with our customers and just helping them understand where they're at and where we're at from a transportation perspective. We also talked a lot about being cautious in the last discussion. And I think those were some of the demand trends we were starting to see. If you look in the fourth quarter, you saw port activity continue to decline all the way into December. And certainly, we're feeling the impact from that. As we have talked to customers, they have shared with us that there is an inventory correction happening that you've heard both Brad and Darren talk about. And that's really we expect to continue to occur all through the first quarter. We have had good signals from our customers about Q2 starting up back to a more normalized or having a more normal environment. We're not sure at what point that is in Q2, but we do feel like the back half of the year, we have confidence from what our customers are giving us and the data points that they have, what they're going to be doing from an ordering perspective. The freight recession that we see right now is largely inventory driven. We don't see anything else from our customers in total. And then last thing I would say, Brian, if you think about bid season for our company in the one-way part of the business, so this should be all of intermodal and all of highway services. Those really occur in the back half of the year fully loaded. So, if you think about a July 1, if you will, that's really when bid season is complete and we know the results of what's happening in bid season. And that's what really drives what we're going to do from a capital planning. So, you heard Darren say, we're going to be fluid in that part of the process. We have flexibility so that we know how much equipment we can onboard, but I would say, we feel confident in our bid season strategy, our ability to win highway share converted to intermodal and then continuing to grow inside our highway services. And you heard Nick talk about our confidence around dedicated and what our customers are saying there. And I would add, I feel confident about what's happening in the Final Mile space as well.
Shelley Simpson: Hey, good morning Ken. I would say our customers in general are going to be implementing between now and July 1. We still have a smaller portion of our business that we'll implement from July 1 all the way through the end of the year, but the bulk of the business, we tend to look at our business in that July 1 through the next year as how we think about revenue quality, our growth plans. Although we budget for a full-year at the calendar year, we actually review what's happened from a bid season at mid-year. And I would say our customers are largely in-line. We do have a few customers that might have changed some of their bids start, but for the most part, they're in-line with what we've historically seen, and I'll let Darren and Brad comment if there's anything else there.
Shelley Simpson: Thank you, Jack. And I like to start with what Brad Delco said, which is our crystal ball is not very good and really not like anybody else's. It's hard and difficult, but we do talk to our customers. And what they're telling us is it's largely an inventory correction happening. I will say, I think they're evaluating part of the flip that Brad Hicks talked about last quarter was really around the capacity side, but also the flip is occurring from an inventory side as we're coming on that back end of COVID, what consumers were buying and what they're purchasing moving into the future. That's part of what's happening from an inventory correction perspective. But I would say, I don't know that we have a great crystal ball, but this is what our customers are telling us. We feel confident, but we're going to be fluid in making sure that we have good conversation around that and apologize, Jeff. It's Jeff, not Jack.
