Brad Delco: Okay, great. And just to briefly follow-up on John Roberts and John Kuhlow's comments, I thought it'd be worth providing a little more detail in investor speak with regards to the quarter, and what challenges and opportunities we see ahead in what is likely to be a dynamic freight market.In our Intermodal business, we've talked about network imbalances for several quarters, and that trend continued with weaker imports into the West Coast. In some instances, we had stronger demand in backhaulings relative to headhaulings, which puts pressure on revenue per load metrics, as well as network fluidity. We anticipate network imbalances to continue, as well as volume pressure from both demand trends and competitive pressures, particularly in the East with declining truck rates, and lower fuel prices. We continue to monitor the flow of goods out of Asia in order to most effectively planned capacity needs on behalf of our customers, and because we're anticipating the question, we will go ahead and knock it off the list and provide our Intermodal volumes by month. January was plus seven, February was plus eight, and March was plus five. That said, we did see a more meaningful drop off in volumes in late March, which has continued thus far into April.In Dedicated, this business was built to withstand the severe ebbs and flows of demand cycles, and we acknowledge that we may have an opportunity to prove the strength of our model in the near future. That said, we should all recognize that DCS is not 100% immune to economic cycles, and we will see some impacts to the business that I'll let Nick discuss in more detail during Q&A, but in short, we feel confident in our ability to service our customers with the high level of service they've come to expect from J.B. Hunt, and that couldn't have been more pronounced than what we saw in Q1.In ICS, investments into building out the digital platform will continue, and we remain focused on investments in three areas: people, technology, and scaling the platform. As you should expect, gross margins will fluctuate based on the relationship between supply and demand in the markets we serve. Clearly that relationship was challenged in Q1. Our focus here remains on executing for our customers and creating raving fans for the digital platform. The business leaders will be able to share how the platform helped drive additional revenue as well as mitigate costs and their respective segments during the vital freight market we experienced in Q1.In Final Mile Service, this is an area where we're seeing the most impact to our business with certain customers shuttering operations. This business is normally seasonal with Q1 results usually the most challenged. While Q2 and Q3 are typically the strongest, it seems likely that we will not see normal seasonality in the business this year, suggesting losses may accelerate in Q2.In truck, the business continues to move towards a more asset-light model. As a result, you should see a trend towards a more variable cost structure that would see similar performance dynamics as a brokerage model. While we are investing less capital in physical assets, namely power equipment, we continue to invest in our trailing fleet as well as technology that should enable this business to evolve and become even more complimentary with the 360 platform.This concludes my remarks. Given the number of questions we already seen in queue, I would ask that each analysts ask one question and one follow-up, and then return to queue. So, Nicole, with that, we'd like to open the call for questions.
Brad Delco: And, hey, Jordan, this is Brad. I did want to clarify kind of Nick's response to it because I do think it's important. So, essentially, Nick said, originally truck sales of 800 to 1,000 this year, he thinks that sales process could see a 20% decline from his original estimates, but customers do have some optionality to shrink the size of their fleet, and so, net adds could be something slightly below that, but that's an opportunity where we see where we can take equipment that's already in the Dedicated fleet and repurpose those to some of these new awards, and that's some of the comments that John Kuhlow provided in terms of why you're seeing some flexibility in our capital budget. So, I just thought that would be worth highlighting there.
Brad Delco: Hey, Ben, this is Brad. Just to kind of reiterate the comments I made on my opening remarks, as you should expect gross margins will fluctuate based on the relationship between supply and demand and the markets we serve. Clearly that relationship was quite challenged in Q1. So we have seen the market loosen up. So hopefully that would imply we've seen a little bit of relief on net revenue margins at least thus far in April.
Darren Field: Okay. This is Darren. So, we obviously knew this question would be early on. So, when we came out of March, there was an impact to import volumes on the West Coast as a result of the slowdown of exports from China or the China side of a slowdown based on what was going on in China. As we've come out of March and we're in to April, we're experiencing meaningful declines in volume probably to tune of mid to high single digits. As we get into what we're learning about the future, we don't have visibility into what probably the back half of May and June represent, but certainly for the next three to four weeks I would expect that trend to continue. And just my opinion and my opinion alone, I mean I would expect that the volumes in Intermodal to be in the double-digit negative for the quarter.
Darren Field: So, okay, I'll answer the bid season question. Certainly bid season is ongoing. We have had -- we, really prior to a lot of people from the world going to work from home, we had completed pricing on about a third of our business, maybe a little bit more than that, and that the results of that first [indiscernible] were probably about what we had expected them to be before any of this challenge to the economy had taken place. While we for the last four weeks, we have a handful of customers that are -- have exercised a bid, they've received results, but they're not in a good spot to implement that bid and they've delayed the start of it. Some of those have communicated maybe a delay. An example would just be a May 1st to a June 1st delay in new pricing. Some of the customers have effectively said, "We will delay indefinitely until we can give you a different answer."We have a handful of customers that are asking us to go faster, and in those cases the reason they're going faster is they're actually -- they're shipping demands may actually be increasing for the second quarter, and they're looking to secure capacity and know that they've got the ability to do that. So for the most part, I would say that we have the -- the bid season has been what I would have expected it to. Now, every year we may price a project work for a host of different customers that are heavily involved in spring activities, and some of those kinds of projects may just not occur this year in Q2. So there's shipment volumes historically that are probably -- frankly they're just not going to ship, they're not going to happen. It's now to push off the business into the third quarter or just the activity that won't exist. And so, there's a little bit of a slowdown in that world, but that's not a huge percentage of what we do. In terms of sharing margin impact from a lack of -- from weaker volumes, certainly what we've talked about in the past is the price affects our margin more significantly that just the fixed cost or a lack of utilization of our assets. And that still remains true. However, having idle containers looking for work to do is impactful. The network fluidity or the balance of our system is significantly different than what we have believed is normal over the last 20 years.So the West Coast volumes that we move to the East are some of the longer length of haul and some of the higher rated business. So that volume has slowed more than other, and at the same time we have business from the Midwest, from the interior of the country for consumer products to support the population base on the West Coast that has surged up a little bit. So, you've got an increase in volume at in backhaul lanes and a loss of volume in headhaul lanes, and that that's impactful. So, I'm not going to answer your question specifically about a direct impact to the margin, but we have challenges there certainly as anyone would with the decline of volume.
Darren Field: The Intermodal service we're experiencing in our network today, their capacity available and on time performance of the trains, is the best in my 25 year career. And I think that's probably because of their decline in volumes in certainly they implemented operating plans, many of them over the last three to four years that are working out and having some success, but yes, it is my belief that right now rail is the best we have ever experienced.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, so just as a reminder for us. Our investment was really in three areas that Brad alluded to. We have focused on our people side, which I think we have done a good job watching our people costs as we came through March, and are even watching that coming in to April. We also invested in the technology spend, and those projects are not one or two-month projects; those are projects that are planned out over a longer period of time. And those projects we believe are critical in helping us create a more efficient transportation network. That is our focus. We will continue that plan from a technology spend and have confidence based on some of the data that we're seeing from both customers and carriers.Finally on the scaling part of the process, that was really an acceleration of our shipments and revenue plan with our customers and with carriers. And as those are onboarding our ability to know exactly which customer or carrier should be connected at which time was really the risk that would happen and the association to that. For us, coming though COVID-19, we really -- if you think about what we invested in total, we invested about 77% in our scaling of the business. That was about 35% over planned. I talked about on the first quarter earnings release that January was constrained on the supply side and unusual activity the first two weeks, and that created pressure from a margin perspective -- unexpected in January. February did come to more normal, and then certainly March had the most pressure on it from a margin perspective in total. So from our plan, we did a nice job from a people perspective being better than plan in total, offset by worse margin and a slight miss to our revenue plan in total.
Shelley Simpson: So we have evaluated what part of our customers move essential and nonessential goods in total and by segment. And our concern around the customer base in total, we have had communication with some customers that are having good conversation and calling us. Our bigger concern are customers that we're not hearing from, and so that has been, over the last several weeks, a main objective of our sales organization to really lean in and work closely with customers. We are having regular conversation daily with our customers just to make sure that we're staying on top of that. I do think it's a risk, but I do think that we're talking to customers on a regular cadence, and so far I don't see any surprise there.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, I would just add, I think our customers understand the necessity of us keeping our drivers and maintenance employees there on the frontline ready for our customers. That has been viewed favorably from them. As well as we did change our payment terms for the carry community from a truckload space. So anyone that moved a shipment in Carrier 360 in the month of March, we have moved up their payment days to only pay in seven days. So we're trying to get them cash more quickly. We've explained all of that to our customers. They've been very receptive so far. We're just trying to be offensive, be in front of it, and make sure that they understand what we're doing to help.
Shelley Simpson: Okay, I think that it is time that we have had a -- what I would call a crisis in the market. We tend to accelerate our relationship with our customers. And I would tell you, I feel like during this crisis, we are doing that very thing. I think John Kuhlow mentioned this in his opening remarks, but we're really focused on two key objectives here in the second quarter. The first one is taking care of our people, and making sure that that's first and foremost, that we're taking care of our people and each other. And the second one is meeting our customer's promises. And as a result of that, I will tell you, Todd, every customer needs something a little bit different. The customers that Nick talked about that are very robust right now in the grocery side. Those customers are really utilizing all of our services across the company, and we're bringing as much capacity as needed to help them I would say in nearly every segment, every service that we do business with other customers that are shut down, we're having a different conversation with them.To add on to what Darren said about bid season, I also think that probably 80% to 90% of our customers have stayed on the path of what they're doing from a bid perspective. The other ones are just in a wait and see environment. I think our mix of business is fairly healthy and thankfully for us, the customers that are doing well, we tend to do a lot of business with those customers as well. And I think that has helped us coming into this. I think our customers are open minded if we went back to any point in time that we had a downturn or pressure from a profit or revenue perspective at a customer level. They're very open-minded to doing business the most efficient way that we can do business together. So I would say every customer is pretty open-minded as to what we need to do and how we need to grow.Then lastly, I have seen our customers lean more into us wanting to do more business. If you look at just graphics maybe from a highway perspective, but this should pretty much be across the board, how we get the most business I would say small-to-mid sized customers. You see our largest customers, mid-to-large customers really doing much better during this kind of crisis than you see are small, even some medium and micro shippers. There's the customers that are either shut down or trying to work through the crisis and having a little more difficult time in total, and that too we're being more flexible with, they tend to be in our highway services. So for them, the price will be fluid, and if the market is going down, we'll be able to help them save money.
Shelley Simpson: And Brian, I would say I haven't seen any dramatic change from a competitive landscape. I think that's how we started the year. It is similar to that as we stand today. I do think that because the fragmentation of brokers, there are some brokerage companies that aren't doing as well, and so they are a lot more aggressive particularly in the spot environment. I have seen our customers really stay to the providers that they have selected already, whether it's asset or non-asset, so I haven't seen a huge fall off from published business or awarded business moving to someone else. I think from a consolidation perspective, I think it's been difficult from our brokerage perspective to weather the storm. If you think about the cyclicality of brokerage, we really started seeing the shift happened in 2019 as the market was correcting from a brokerage perspective, brokers are really changing the price while PTE was rising in total and that some of what I commented in December and January, the supply side starting to tighten, I think that part of the business will continue to have some push as we've moved into second quarter and PTE has had pressure on it downward because shipments aren't as plentiful. It comes down to how much can the price really change before that impacts the supply side of the equation, and then I think there could be consolidation as a result from both brokerage and from the carrier perspective.From a 360 perspective, we have gained more confidence through this crisis that our platform is actually helping us perform more agile and be very open and transparent about the data with our customers. What we have found is our customers are leaning in more to us from a total shipper perspective, I believe on the earnings release, we reported that our shipment count grew 44% in the platform, and that's a direct result of what we're doing in the truckload space. Our customers have also leaned into us from a 360 box perspective as they have started learning what we can do from a platform, really putting together the right truck on the right load at the right, they start to see that change their business in total, and that's how we started and why we started our 360 Box business. Our customers in Q1 leaned into that part of our model and we actually had a slight increase in revenue from our plan in Q1, we feel comfortable with that plan and the complementary nature between the drop and hook part of the business over the market, which is about half of the Tier market with the live load business, which is the other half of the market. We think that's part of the inefficiency that exists and when you put those two networks together, that we can create a more efficient network. Our customers are leaning into that and we feel comfortable about our growth plans in 360.
Shelley Simpson: I would say, I think that the level of data that we have that John talked about has grown exponentially. And today we use that data primarily from a human perspective. So we spend a lot of time from a people perspective validating what is or is not happening with customers, carriers, with our own drivers in the work that we're doing. In our future, we're working towards more machine learning and AI that we'll do more prediction and be able to solve for that more in real time.So what John talked about that would take us weeks, has moved to only a couple of weeks to days at this point, that still has too much human interaction in that process. And the machine can learn over a period of time with the right level of data. And so for perspective inside 360, we set new records in both February and March and the key statistics that we watch and then we've taken another step change here in April.So, of the 40 plus stats that we watch, 75% of those broke new records here in the last week to two weeks. And those continue to move forward. So the level of data is growing by almost triple digits and anytime that you can do that and actually use the machine to do it's very difficult at a human level to consume it, but at the machine level, I think solving for that over the next one to three years will change the way we can do business and be able to offer better answers for our customers.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, so I would just say in general across all the businesses, it is a longer-term play from a bid perspective. So any customer that's in the spot market, they're going to get the benefit or the other side of what's happening from a price perspective. And so there are some customers that are in the spot market. And as customers we want to help get through this spot market. So if they want to take advantage of what's happening in the market today, we talked to them about being fluid in their pricing approach and we're very open minded to that across our business in total, but I would say, I don't think that being down meaningfully would play into this bid season, we're too far into the bid season. Our cost structure, everything is longer-term, be very difficult for us to offer significant discounts off of our base costs that we have today.
Shelley Simpson: Yes, so we did offer those carriers payment terms changes for the month of April, but we're also walking them through how they can get paid all for free within two days. And so, that payment is made available to them over the long-term. And so if a carrier is interacting in 360 and they perform their work inside the platform, they upload their bills, give us their -- the documentation and they're paid back to their checking account in two days all for free. This is significant change for them over a factoring company, that they may be paying a much higher percentage two in total. We do think that's an important component to building scale in the platform. So we are very close to the carrier community and walking them through how they can take advantage of that.
Shelley Simpson: Well, certainly I think it's too early to call the entire year. I think I could talk about the next couple of weeks and have a lot of confidence. And then as we get past that, I get less and less confidence. Again, we're spending a lot of time taking care of our people and focusing on meeting the promises of our customer says there are two objectives. I do think here in April, maybe over the next couple of weeks, margins have improved as shipments have declined in total and we've come-off of those higher margins going or higher PTE numbers. In total, I did talk about being 35% over plan, I would expect to be under plan in Q2, in total from this scaling part of our business, but it'd be way too early for me to call what I think will happen for the year, I would say we're committed to our long-term plan of building the most efficient transportation network and to do that, we have to be scaled. And so that is going to be our focus over the short and long-term.
John Kuhlow: Well, Justin, I mean you used the term, "Balance," and that's exactly how we think about it. I don't believe we have any one specific game plan out there that says based on the downturn of the demand for shipping we need to go take share. That's not necessarily our approach. Would we be opportunistic with customer opportunities when that business is something that would be beneficial to our network? Absolutely, but I would think we would have been equally opportunistic with that opportunity had we not been in any kind of a downturn. So I don't want to -- I would not suggest that we have changed our philosophy. Certainly we are communicating with our rail providers regularly, and when the opportunity exists, if it ever did, and we could look at reduce our cost in some manner that allowed us to offer a little bit more aggressive pricing where it wasn't about a margin sacrifice then we would certainly look to do that. And those -- again, all of that happens one customer, one proposal at a time.
John Kuhlow: And I just want to emphasize too that the conversation that we're having with customers is very objective and crisp around how we, as John said, how we are set up pay our vendors. So when we get in to talking through extending terms, it's really not conducive in this line of work as it might be in others, but for us it's not really something we're supporting right now, and now getting good response.
John Kuhlow: So, well, actually, we received the award at the end of 2019. I think we announced that on October 30. As we implemented that award and went through the first month or two of this year, we understood that we needed to true up the payment for how much we paid BNSF in 2019, and that's what that announcement was about. It was actually related to the entire calendar year for 2019.
John Kuhlow: Yes. So, Ken, this is John Kuhlow. Just to kind of clarify most of the -- we have the ability to cancel, but today, it's mostly timing or delaying those orders. So, until we kind of have a better sense of what our needs are, but to give you a little bit more deeper perspective on CapEx, we're probably at about $400 million or maintenance and by segment that's roughly $50 million for truck around 130 or Intermodal and 150 per DCS. Now, keep in mind that also includes what we include in the maintenance is our investments in the back office technology for the company, and that's still around $80 million to $90 million for the year. So that's how we get to the $4 million and then the rest is primarily Intermodal and Dedicated for any success base growth that we might have in those segments.
John Kuhlow: So, okay, let me give some answers on that we have that basically broken down into three channels. The first channel is furniture, and that is probably 95% asset light. So when they shut down, we may still have some buildings and then some of those we build the customer for those buildings still ongoing. So it is multiple things there you look at, but then for the equipment, it's all contractors, so our contractors, we try to get them connected for paycheck protection to afford them and the direction of a bank to help them through this time, so that costs will go away.Then the second channel is retail replenishment. That's basically our off price retail, and they are basically all shut down right now they're non-essential, and so that's where we have some company drivers. And so, on that channel we have tried to outsource as much as we can, but we also have some different types of equipment in there that can't go do Intermodal or Dedicated work. So there's about 300 of them. And so, we've chosen to pay them so that when the retailer's come back online, we will be ready to go, and we expect when those off price retailers come back, the volume will be pretty good.And then on the appliance side, which is the third channel, those are up, those are essential. And so, we're still doing deliveries for them. In some areas there is just to the doorstep not inside, but in other areas it is still inside. That volume in general is down 10% or 15%, but it is still up and going. And that is 50-50 of company employees and non-asset on the appliance side. And so we were agnostic, and we'll pass both of them to a customer and let them pick and choose on how they do that.
John Kuhlow: Great. I would just tell you that typically in Q2, we see a big spring surge for home improvement. And so that takes our volume up and our revenue up at some of those accounts. We haven't really seen that. We've seen a little bit, but not a lot, but what for I've kind of seen and what I've looked at is, we had a pretty good Q1, and our volume is still across the board very consistent and dedicated compared to Q1 of this year, and it's maintaining. Yes, it's been shifted around different customers, but we're not seeing that fall off any. So at this point, we feel good about our volume being about the same as what it was in Q1, but you would typically see our volume surge up some. Margins, I will still tell you that the margins 11 to 13 ought to be pretty good goalposts for us to hit, but again, there is a lot of moving parts, but I think we feel very comfortable with what we're saying at this point in Q2.
Nick Hobbs: Yes, and so far as our mix of business, I think you clearly see, particularly once this pandemic hit us, our flexibility to move assets around from some of our customers that were more impacted than other, essential versus nonessential, some of our retail apparel, those segments were down 11% or so, but food was up 16%, home improvement 21%, office furniture was just falling off basically, and some automotive suppliers was down as well. Our Ag was very consistent. So, we've got a very diverse portfolio. And you're going to continue to see that as we move forward. And so we were able to move some of those segments around for the -- they may have been shut down or they may be slow, we were able to move over -- on an average we've moved about a thousand trucks a day from their base accounts over to others.So, within Dedicated, we've repositioned any assets that where the customers have been slow over to where our customers are very, very busy. And again, that's something when you operate as a private fleet you struggle with, you don't have another outsource. But that's the advantage that we bring to a lot of private fleets. They have the same control and service with us and great visibility with the flexibility to move some assets.
Nick Hobbs: Yes, I would say we would see more -- we see the same. When I get over into Final Mile we're a little on the furniture side. Those are more dramatically impacted so the volume on the furniture folks is up a little bit more.
Nick Hobbs: Yes. Well, first of all, in Dedicated, all of our trucks are working. So, we've got them all moved around. They're supporting Intermodal in some places, but in other accounts, it's the other account that is surging up, they're looking for equipment, and so, we bring in other Dedicated. So, example, our grocery businesses, we serve probably nine or 10 different grocers. Our business is very, very robust, and so, basically can't handle it, and if they're up 16%-20%, we'll bring those trucks in from other accounts, and so, the account that is busy is the one that pays for them, and then we give a credit back to the other account, where if they had a private fleet, they'd be paying that driver pay and the cost of that equipment, and so, that's all set. So that's how that works.
Nick Hobbs: And I would just say on the Dedicated side that our base of business is so much more solid today than it was back in 2008, 2009, and we don't have as much quasi dedicated in there, it's more solid private fleets and so I think we're rock solid base to be able to weather the storm even better than we did in 2008 and 2009.
