David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco's CFO; Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations Web site. And with that, I'm turning the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that you may ask a question with a follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. And Adie, you could take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Samir, I have one more follow-up, this is Dave Bujnicki. I just want to also keep in mind next quarter we do have a tough comp coming; we're on a 3.8%.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks from us, and good morning. Our execution in the first quarter of 2019 has generated increased occupancy, strong same size NOI growth and significant progress on our development and redevelopment projects. Now before I discuss the details of our first quarter, I want to bring to your attention the change in how we report NAREIT FFO. In accordance with the NAREIT FFO definition restatement, we've elected to exclude gains and losses from the land sales, marketable securities, and preferred equity investment transactions. We will present prior periods to conform to this election. Please keep in mind that these transactional items were previously excluded from FFO as adjusted, and therefore, has no impact on that calculation. Now for some color on the first quarter results, NAREIT FFO was $0.38 per diluted share for the first quarter 2019, the same level as Q1 2018. The current quarter includes the receipt of a $1 million of insurance proceeds related to our Puerto Rico portfolio that was in excess of the property basis. Last year's first quarter included $4.3 million of gain on forgiveness of debt. Both of these amounts have been excluded from FFO as adjusted. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO was a $157.4 million for the first quarter of 2019 as compared to $157.8 million for the same period last year, resulting in $0.37 per diluted share for each quarter. Our first quarter results benefited from lower interest expense of $6.3 million due to the lower debt levels, while G&A expense was higher by $4.1 million, primarily from lower internal leasing and legal capitalization resulting from the adoption of the new lease accounting standard Topic 842. We also had a $1 million decrease in NOI, which is remarkable since we lost $20 million of NOI from the $1 billion of dispositions we completed over the past 15 months. Offsetting the NOI reduction from these sales was $7.7 million of organic growth from the same-site pool and $3.5 million incremental contribution from our development projects. There were also higher lease termination fees of $3.8 million and higher straight line rental income and recapture of below market rents during the quarter. For the rest of 2019, we don't have any additional lease termination fees in our full-year guidance and expect the gap items of straight line rent and above and below market rents to revert to more normalized levels. Our transformed operating portfolio continues to produce positive results pro-rata occupancy increased to 96% up 20 basis points from year-end as tenet vacates were lower than anticipated. Pro-rata anchor occupancy is 97.8% up 40 basis points from year-end and small shop occupancy is 90.6% ninety down 50 basis points from year-end due to the seasonal vacates there for the holiday season, but up 100 basis points over the year ago quarter. Due the tremendous effort by our team pro-rata leasing spreads continued a strong performance with first quarter 2019 new leasing spreads increasing 17.4%. Renewals and options also grew by 7.1% with our combined pro-rata leasing spreads up overall by 8.9%. Same-site NOI growth was positive 3.7% for the first quarter 2019 versus a comp of 2.5% last year, primarily driven by increases in minimum rent contributing 320 basis points and other revenues up 80 basis points which includes 40 basis points from the Mattress Firm leases previously rejected. Offsetting these increases in same-site NOI growth is modestly higher credit was negative 10 basis points and lower operating expense recoveries negative 20 basis points. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter 2019 with consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.7 times, improving from the 6 times level at year-end. On a look-through basis including pro-rata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, the level is 7.2% times improving from the 7.5 times at year-end. Our liquidity position remains very strong with over $2 billion of immediate liquidity available and only $100 million outstanding on our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. We have no debt maturities for the balance of 2019 and only minimal debt due in 2020. Our weighted average debt maturity profile now stands at 10.2 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry. Based on the solid first quarter results, we are reaffirming our NAREIT FFO and FFO as adjusted guidance range of $1.44 to $1.48 per diluted share. In addition, we are raising our full-year guidance range for same-site NOI growth from 1.5% to 2.5% to a new range of 1.75% to 2.5%. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Samir, hi, it's Glenn. Again, we're very pleased obviously with the first quarter results where they came in, but it is still early in the year, and we want to just take and do a full assessment over the next 90 days as we look at guidance. I can tell you that we actually have stress test our portfolio as we look at tenants that may have impact through the year, tenants that are actually on the watch list. And we feel very comfortable with our current guidance range and are comfortable toward the mid to upper end of that range. Few things to kind of keep an eye on as we go through the quarter and through the rest of the year really would be the timing of rent commencements and what unexpected tenant fall that could have on same-site NOI growth. So we want to just take it slow, quarter-by-quarter and try and produce the numbers that we think will be well appreciated by the street.
Glenn Cohen: Not really, Christy. I mean again the first quarter had a few things in it that probably won't repeat as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We did have an LPA in the first quarter. We don't have any further LPAs in the guidance and we did recapture a couple of leases that had below market rents in them that were more outsized than the normal. And we don't expect those to the balance of the year. So for right now, we're going to leave our guidance as is and again we did pump the lower end of the same site guidance.
Glenn Cohen: And again, as I mentioned, for the first quarter the incremental amount was about $3.5 million. So we're on track to achieve that $16 million to $18 million range.
Glenn Cohen: And just the total, the total for those properties for the year is expected to be somewhere in the $25 million to $28 million range.
Glenn Cohen: Alex, it's Glenn, I would just say the same thing you know, it's really in the year, we put out guidance based on what our budget was. We're happy with the results of the first quarter and we'll take it quarter by quarter and see how things go. I mean again we're still dealing in watching things closely with tenants on our watch list and we are very cautiously optimistic about where things are headed.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean for those three particular assets, we feel very confident that we struck an attractive deal for us at a 64 cap rate on West Coast assets where the grocer was doing on average $775 a square foot in sales. We think that there was substantial value creation, particularly when you look at some of the comps on the West Coast in the 5s for similar type assets. We'll continue to evaluate those opportunities, both within the Albertson's banners as well as other retailers that are exploring opportunities to sell some of their own real estate. But again it's going to be very selective. It's going to be strategic and we want to also ensure that we keep any sort of tenant concentration in mind. And clearly as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the main focus for the spend this year is going to be on the internal growth of the Signature Series. So, where the opportunity presents itself, we will certainly pursue and transact, but it's going to be pretty limited.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. It's Glenn. So we had two leases that we recaptured. One was a grocery tenant and one was a JCPenney. One of the boxes is already leased they come from again the 141 analysis that's done when you acquire the assets. Both of these leases were significantly below market. And when we recapture the box you take the below market rent into income. So the total for those two was around $5 million.
Glenn Cohen: Correct. When we look in total at like our straight line rent and our above and below market rents there's -- those two categories together on a normalized basis that are around a total of about $7 million, $8 million a quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think it's a combination of both of those factors and there're a few other things that I look at when evaluating our disposition program and the success that we've had thus far. I think first and foremost is clearly improved portfolio. And when you look at the quality of even the Tier 2 assets that we're selling they're much improved compared to years past. So the subset of assets in the pool is much better. The limited volume that we're doing allows us to be more optimistic which the asset -- with the asset that we're selling. So Palm Beach Gardens was an example that I gave in the prepared remarks where that was one that wasn't necessarily expected for Q1 this year, but we took advantage of an opportunity and an offer and struck with that one. The other one that was mentioned in the transaction lease was Arboretum in Austin which is a good market. It's a solid asset but it was one where a buyer came along that had a vision for the site that included a redevelopment of the asset that at a price that they offered was well beyond what we felt that we could create in terms of a risk adjusted return and ultimately decided that selling it was the best course of action. I think also when you look at you know capital formations in retail, we've had limited supply I think compared to 2017 and 2018 where more of our peers and ourselves had much bigger volumes of dispositions, so the limited amount of supply in the market has helped keep pricing in check. And finally I would say that, that interest rates clearly remaining low and in our favor have helped our buyers you know make stronger offers and that that continues to be readily available for our buyers. So I think all those factors have really contributed to our ability to push pricing and have strong execution on the dispo program.
Glenn Cohen: We're certainly pleased with the demand and the execution, but we're very focused on staying within the $200 million to $300 million that we've outlined. So we have the capital plan in place that really puts us in a position over the next few years of where we want to be to fund all of our applications on the development and Signature Series and to continue to focus on balance sheet, so while the market may change for the better on the dispositions over the course of the year, we're going to stay on track with what we've outlined.
Glenn Cohen: Now with lease termination fees are not in the same-site NOI and have never been in same-site NOI. The Mattress Firm was unique situation where you had a bankruptcy settlement at a $1 on the dollar and quite candidly it's a relatively small number, the total number thus was under $900,000, it makes up 10 basis points for the year, but no, lease terminations have never been in our numbers.
Dave Jamieson: Sure. We appreciate it. This is Dave Jamieson. Our CapEx is elevated from the prior quarter, but it's also important to note that our rents as well have increased as it relates to the increasing costs as well as our weighted average term of our leases. So, when you look at this environment today, we are driving higher rents to offset that additional cost. The cost itself is really driven by the elevation of construction costs, hard cost and labor. So that's the trend that we've seen throughout the course in the industry. But when you tie it all together, our net effect of rent is actually improving. It improved over 5% relative to our total base rent. This quarter, so the net effect is, it's heading in the right direction as we had hoped. As we go forward, we continue to see the same situation occur. It's something that we always have to be mindful of, but that's really what the driver has been. But again, as I tie it all back together, our net effect of rent continues to improve quarter-over-quarter.
Dave Jamieson: Yes. This is Dave. So, right now, we actually have two of the leases that are being assumed dark and paying, and they are significantly below market and they continue to pay rent on those. But beyond that, all the other ones are open and operating and continue to perform. So, we are prepared for whatever events may unfold in the future but as we said today, that's where it is -- 45 basis points.
Dave Jamieson: Chris, yes, to help you out, we started the year with 13 of them of which 4 were on the initial closure list that went from the dark and paying. 2 of those were assumed to, were rejected.
Conor Flynn: Yes. So far, obviously we're early in the year but so far so good. I mean when you look at our transformed portfolio, we get a sense that the retailers that we have, have strong performing stores with us and they're reinvesting in those stores to integrate e-commerce. So we haven't really seen the fallout that we've seen in previous years and we continue to look towards the future of what the portfolio is going to look like and the best retailers and how we can backfill with those retailers. So when you look at our Toys R Us absorption there, we've been very aggressive in late leased all 2017 of the 2018 boxes that we had and continue to see strong demand across the board for well-located retail real estate. And when you look out it quarter-by-quarter, we'll continue to monitor the retailers that are trying to reposition themselves for the new world of retail. But luckily, we have the right portfolio where we have a wave that's for some of these boxes that we will anticipate recapturing.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean the dispositions definitely do have an impact on the same site. We've budgeted for the certain assets so that it was all within expectation, specific to the Palm Beach Gardens site that really -- it wouldn't have an impact on same site. That was a site that's been held for redevelopment for several years. And our NOI was essentially zero as we were keeping certain tenants in there in anticipation of the redevelopment. So Palm Beach Gardens didn't have any real impact on either same site or the cap rate range for this quarter.
Conor Flynn: Also the dispositions, Christy, are more front-end loaded to the beginning of the year. So that factors into it.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it's a good question. I think when we look at our guidance so far this year, there has been less closures or less bankruptcies than we anticipated, and that has to do with again some of the strength of the locations that we have. For example, when you look at the Sears Kmart portfolio that we have, they are only rejecting two of the leases with our switch, which obviously as a quality spectrum shows that these are very high quality locations with below market leases, we continue to see that the churn or the vacancy rate is slowing in our portfolio, and we continue to monitor that going forward as you saw our occupancy tick up in Q1 versus historical normal rates. So we'll continue to monitor that closely. And then when we look at our risk management tools, we're really focused on understanding the at risk tenants in our portfolio, the mark-to-market of those leases and really work on really years ahead of time when those leases may come to fruition and how we can reposition that real estate. And you continue to see I think our credit scores improve. I think we're the only peer that has the highest investment grade tenants in our top 10. We continue to improve that. A lot of these retailers, these legacy retailers are in great locations with below market leases which actually is a good thing for us. When you look at the opportunities set going forward, we see that retailers are salivating for these types of locations. And with very little to no new development on the horizon, we think we're in a good position to really capture the who's who of the retailers that are really doing successfully implementing e-commerce into their physical brick and mortar and we think we are on the right path to unlock that value.
Conor Flynn: It's a good question. I mean, in my prepared remarks I mentioned about that we have over 4,000 apartment units and titles and we've continued to look on the right entitlement path of really ways to create value for our shareholders long term. Where our cost of capital sits today we have taken the path where the lion's share of what we're doing to unlock value is through a ground lease to apartment developers that allows us to gain the mixed used component which drives traffic, it drives sales to our retail but not necessarily have the capital requirements to fund it. So we continue to see that as a nice opportunity going forward in the portfolio. We do want to finish off our Signature Series of assets and continue to look towards the future and see when the next opportunity comes around where our cost of capital is and what's the best way to unlock that value? So you'll see our entitlement work continue but we will be very selective in terms of what we add to our pipeline going forward.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Sure, thanks Alex. When you look at our capital plan we have no need to issue equity at our current levels. We continue to see our discount to NAV be significant and our capital plan lays out a strategy where we can match funds really the proceeds from our dispositions to finish off our Signature Series developments and redevelopments. You have to remember the lion share of the funding is already completed for most of these projects. And so we are -- we have to be patient with one of it to get the incremental NOI because that's actually what's going to reduce our FFO, our EBITDA and help the dividend coverage towards the end of this year into 2020. I will continue to look at that and be a good capital allocator going forward. We also have no debt maturing really between now and 2021. And so when you look at the levers we have, clearly you mentioned the preferreds. Now we do have some that are callable on our option, but that's the beauty of preferreds. They're callable at our options. So we'll look at that and see what is appropriate and we do want to improve the balance sheet long-term, but we are very, we're in a good position. We think we're well positioned going forward because of our liquidity position and because of our lack of near-term maturities and so when we look at the trajectory of the Signature Series NOI and where we see the all these metrics going forward. We feel very comfortable with where we are today and feel confident in the future of the company.
Conor Flynn: Keep in mind, Craig, we own the small shops that were shadow-anchored by the grocery store. And so, when you combine the cap rates that we paid for the grocery store and then you combine that with the small shops, we see significant NAV improvements, because really when you look at the grocery anchor comps that are out there today, we feel like we put the site back together and create a significant value.
Conor Flynn: I think we're looking at opportunistic acquisitions within our key markets. And when you look at what's out there today, grocery anchor shopping centers are some of the most aggressively prize assets in the market today. And then we look at re-development opportunities, I think those are the two key core competencies that we focus on today. And it's very tough to make the numbers work when you're trading at a discount to NAV.
Conor Flynn: Again, is that our option, we have secured entitlements in a number of those projects. And once we get to the point where we're ready to make a decision, we'll go through our decision tree and see where our cost of capital is. We've always talked about the opportunities set say do we self-develop, do we contribute the land into a joint venture, do we ground lease or do we sell an asset. And so again, because of the opportunity within the portfolio and the immense entitlements that we've already secured, we feel like we're on the right path to really create a lot of value for our shareholders. And then each and every opportunity will be a unique decision, because no two sizes are alike and we really have to weight our cost of capital and where we want to put our capital to work. And so, it really will depend on the individual sites.
Conor Flynn: Credit tenant trends to continue to improve. I mean when you look at some of the retailers that we have, it's really the best-in-class of retail today. It's amazing to think how the credit has evolved over the years. It's clear where the -- what's working today is service and convenience. And when you look at what we provide to our shopper base, we really take advantage of that. We do think that there is going to be some opportunity for PetSmart to improve their credit. Obviously you saw that they filed for to take Chewy public, now it will all depend on what they do with the proceeds and how they use that potentially to pay down debt of other parent. But we are excited about some of the resellers that have improved their credit quality and continue to want to expand with us.
Conor Flynn: Yes. So, on the residential side with Lincoln Square that's our project and center sitting. As you could see in our sub this quarter, it was substantially, it went down from sub-38% to sub-55%. We have 177 units leased as of the end of this last quarter and we're just moving into the high season now, so we're expecting to see that trend accelerate through the spring and summer as new people are moving into the city, looking for new jobs and also the University side. So we'll expect to see an acceleration through balance of this year as it relates to -- sorry, the small shop side, what we saw was our typical seasonal turnover. Now, the turnover here was about 50 basis points down from prior quarter. We had we had a number of tenants out there that extended, who rolled over through the holiday season and into January. So we actually had a I'd say slightly better than what we had originally assumed as a result of Q1 and the small shops outside continues to be very, very strong. Health and Wellness is very popular, food and beverage obviously is strong and we expect to see that through the balance of the year.
Conor Flynn: Previous our all-time high was 90% and we've eclipsed that by hitting over 91% last year. So obviously, we're trending into new territory here. We think we can push northwards of those numbers. So we'll have to stay tuned and see how hard we can push it. Obviously, we see the upside in the portfolio in the small shop space, but we also have a lot of momentum building on the remaining boxes in the anchor space. So it's nice to see that we have a really dominant portfolio that's really starting to trend in the right direction.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I think the other thing I'd add is, if you look at how the portfolio has really transformed, you know Conor made the point about how it's really starting to shine, at 2.9% same-site NOI growth last year, we're also to really strong start this year, the portfolio is producing the things that we would expect it to produce. So we've - when we will go into the disposition analysis, we were really looking at where risk was and where we saw a downside risk and that's what we wanted to move out of those markets and those assets. The portfolio is very, very strong today and it's producing levels that we think are really consistent in long-term growth levels.
Conor Flynn: Okay. When a tenant falls out, they are out. We don't have them continuing in the same, say, NOI number…
Conor Flynn: No. We had separated into two categories. There is two leases that were rejected and so they have now since come back to us in which we have LOIs in process for those two. Of the four that was assumed, there are two leases that are currently dark and paying.
Conor Flynn: Right. You're correct. You're correct that our credit loss in our forecast is 100 basis points for the year for the first quarter. We used about 57 basis points. So we're a little ahead in terms of our budget on credit loss. That's helpful as we go through the year. The guidance range whether it will be at the high-end or the low-end is it's a combination of the things that you mentioned. It's when rents commencement start, because we do same side NOI on a cash basis. So, we have this 230 basis point spread between leased and economic occupancy. It's really the timing of when those come online. In our forecast, we expect that around 25% of that spread would come online during the year. So again rent commencements are important. We budget some level of tenant fall out. If there is a large amount of -- tenant fall out that's not in there, that will have an impact on it. But those are really the drivers. The credit loss will still remain very comfortable there.
Conor Flynn: No, there really hasn't been a change in the dynamic of the discussion, it's all driven by supply demand. Our higher quality portfolio is pushing the demand side for retail tenants wanting to get into the market and into our centers. So we've seen this as an opportunity. I think it's reflected in the rents that we're achieving in the extended terms. So that's what we've being seeing again, it's always case by case. And so you have to feel that as it comes, but there hasn't been any material change in terms of that dialog.
Conor Flynn: I think you really have to look at the drivers of traffic into our sites. And luckily where we sit today with our transform portfolio, the supply and demand is in our favor. And so there are more high quality tenants driving traffic that want to be in our locations. And the legacy tenants that have not involved with the new world of retail, those are the ones that we can't wait to recapture and reposition with better credit and better quality tenants. We have a very high occupancy. When you look at our goals both our acres and our small shops and you look at our mark-to-market opportunities you know typically there are relocation opportunities within these high target markets where they can get a better economic deal versus what they're paying today.
