Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I am pleased to announce another strong quarter driven by our high quality operating portfolio and the tireless efforts of our team. This quarter we made the decision to remove any contribution to our NAREIT defined FFO from an Albertsons monetization for two major reasons. First and foremost, we believe we should not succumb to the pressures of short-term and pursue the sale of a portion of our Albertsons investment in an environment that would negatively impact creating long-term value for our shareholders. Currently, grocery stores are dealing with food deflation, while the IPO market remains challenging. Despite these headwinds, Albertsons continues to increase EBITDA providing free cash flow to pay down debt and invest in the business. Second and sometimes forgotten are the significant real estate holdings of the company. Close to half of the chain’s 2,300 stores are either owned or under long-term ground leases, with concentrations in desirable markets, such as Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and Washington, DC. In fact, the recently updated S-1 noted an estimated value of $12.1 billion for its real estate holdings. We believe that over a medium-term horizon, our investment in Albertsons will provide Kimco with significant capital to reinvest in our recurring business activities and create long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, we are just shy of 2 years into the merger of Albertsons and Safeway and the company continues to reap the benefits of scale through execution on the planned synergies. The S-1 remains current and we continue to monitor the markets with our partners. To be clear, we remain focused on our core business and we will continue to fund capital requirements with free cash flow after dividends, opportunistic use of our ATM and disposition proceeds. Our 2020 Vision outlines our plan to create long-term shareholder value by focusing on our building blocks of growth, reducing leverage and maintaining our cost efficient capital structure. The fundamentals of our open-air shopping center portfolio remained strong due to the favorable balance of supply and demand in the major metro markets. As the performance on key metrics demonstrates, our operating platform continues to deliver value to our shareholders. A wide range of open-air retailers, including our first Nike store, continue to expand and seek growth opportunities in high-quality real estate. Supply has modestly increased recently due to bankruptcies and announced store closings and we are monitoring closely the shadow supply coming from struggling department stores at enclosed malls. Overall, however, this environment provides the ability for us to position our real estate with best-in-class retailers that drive more traffic and sales. While the Sports Authority liquidation drove the dip in anchor occupancy, we are pleased with the leasing momentum on those boxes. 7 of our 25 Sports Authority boxes are now fully committed. The deals include Dick’s Sporting Goods; a Land Rover Jaguar dealership; Orchid Supply Hardware; Home Goods Ulta combo, Burlington and H Mart Grocery. Anchor leasing volume was the strongest this quarter year-to-date, with 19 anchor deals fully executed. Small shop leasing continues to progress. Even though pro rata occupancy remained flat this quarter, this was primarily due to the dispositions of a number of fully occupied centers that had limited upside remaining and the purchase of assets, with significant redevelopment potential that included considerable small shop vacancy, which we believe offers future upsides. The strategic redevelopment and development pipeline, which we are calling our Signature Series, continues to mature and deliver results. As an update, we moved the first phase of our flagship suburban square redevelopment to the active pipeline, where we have an executed lease to expand Trader Joe’s and construction underway to build a new parking facility to provide Kimco with further densification opportunities. Separately, our Whole Foods development is now open and thriving in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania and has moved out of our development pipeline and into the operating portfolio. Our Signature Series continues to provide the company with significant internal growth opportunities and we remain laser-focused on the execution. This quarter, we delivered $65 million of redevelopment projects, producing an incremental ROI of 10%. I will now turn the call over to Ross who will provide a deeper dive into the transaction activity this quarter.
Conor Flynn: It’s a good question. I think when you look at our pipeline of opportunities over the next 5 years, a lot of the projects that we have identified have enormous amount of pre-leasing involved in those projects. And when we always look at the projects, we also look at offering, so to give us the opportunity to hit the pause button if and when our cost of capital changes or if the market changes on us. But we feel really confident in the projects we have identified. We are also making big strides on announcing pre-leasing on all those projects. So I think when you look at the risk reward, we still feel really strong about what they will deliver to our shareholders over the next 5 years. That said, going forward, we are going to be very careful on what we add to the pipeline. We want to be sure that it’s something that checks all the boxes with our strategy and where we want to take the company and the portfolio. And we also want to be very careful in terms of how much more we add to the pipeline. You will probably see maybe another development deal or two, but maybe probably not much more than that over the 5 years. But you will see us ramp up redevelopment where we see the opportunity, because we continue to believe that, that’s the best use of our capital risk adjusted and continue to think that there is more to come when you look at our shadow supply.
Conor Flynn: I would just add that it might be the early signs of our clustering strategy starting to take effect, because we are a bit more efficient now that we look at our portfolio today versus 5 years ago and how tightly concentrated it is. It allows us to manage more with less.
Conor Flynn: Yes. And its part of our strategy and it has been for a long period of time to focus on huge mark-to-market opportunities and to acquire assets that have below market leases. So, when you look at those anchor maturity schedule, the ones that are below market are typically going to exercise that option unless there comes a time where they give space back to us. And we are starting to see some opportunities there come to fruition. So, when you look at our mark-to-market opportunities, what we try and do is we show you the ones where we have control over, where there is no more options left, where we think that those spreads are very much achievable and continue to try and harvest that for the portfolio.
Conor Flynn: Sure. When we look sort of in our experience in the market today that the fully occupied stabilized assets are the ones where we are really seeing the shallower buyer pool, particularly without a grocery anchor. The grocery anchored shopping center still see a bit of a deeper bench of bidders. But by way of example, our Q3 dispositions average in the mid-7s on a cap rate range. Overall, for the year, blended, we are closer to a 7. So, that puts in a little bit into context. But that being said we are fortunate that we are in the very latter stages of our disposition process, so not every property that we put into the market is transacted. If we don’t like the pricing, then we haven’t sold it, but we have been pretty successful so far this year and we think that we will be for the rest of the year. In regards to the second part of the question, yes, I think that all buyer types, whether institutional or private are chasing upside value add in some form or fashion. So, it really is regardless of the location the flatter income streams without any foreseeable growth have been challenging to move. But certainly, I think the definitions of core from a market perspective continue to narrow to the major markets and it’s the secondary and the tertiary markets where the institutional investors are just really not focused at all regardless of the quality of the asset within that market.
Conor Flynn: Well, I think obviously we are monitoring the investment very closely. Again, there is a lot of headwinds at the moment just relative to the supermarket industry between the food deflation that we have talked about. And quite candidly, the IPO market is still pretty challenging. Having said that, the business is performing very well. The synergies that have been forecasted are coming to fruition and the longer we go more of those synergies come and create more EBITDA for the company. So, it’s really the group itself, us and our partners, are monitoring the market closely. You see that with keeping our S-1 current. So, we are watching very closely for the right opportunity to begin to monetize the investments. You can look at who our partners are and know that at some point, where it makes sense, we are going to look to monetize the investment. That is clearly the path for all of us. But we want to do it prudently and where it makes the most sense to create the most shareholder value for us and everybody else in the group. So, we have the ability to be very, very patient with it.
Conor Flynn: I think that’s still like our goal for the team to execute on. Clearly, we have got some work to do there, but we feel good about the momentum we have displayed this quarter and hope to continue to display each and every quarter. I think the rent commencement will coincide, depending on the box and what we have to do with it. Some of the boxes will be redevelopments, where we have to expand the box. And some of them we will be splitting like we did for Home Goods and Ulta. So those are a bit more complicated deals. And the RCDs may lag versus say, just a pure backfill. But those are ones where we believe we are adding the best-in-class retailers that help the site valuation wise as well as traffic and sales wise. So you will see us constant laddered approach to the RCDs.
Conor Flynn: It’s always been part of our business. We think we are one of the best-in-class when it comes to leasing. I mean we talk about it every day-in and day-out and talk about how we can be more efficient and what we can do to drive more leasing because that’s the fuel. That’s what makes the business run. So we are looking at everything. I think when we try and be creative. We throw everything up the wall. And we like to come up with ideas and incentives that make us unique and make people want to do deals with Kimco, first and foremost. So we will always take that approach. And always try and make sure we are doing everything we can in our power to get the leases executed as quickly as possible, whether it’s condensing the deal flow in terms of how long it takes from start to finish. And then also getting that rent commencement occurring quickly and making sure each client can test that timeframe. So we are looking at everything we can. So it’s not a silver bullet type thing, every deal is different.
Conor Flynn: Well, it’s about the same. I mean when we look at budgeting for next year, we always carry a pretty sizable amount for bankruptcies. And so we feel like we have a nice cushion when you look at our portfolio of spread of risks and our number one tenant is TJX, a relatively small percentage of our NOI. And then we look and see what we can do in terms of leasing. And right now, we feel like we still have momentum moving in our favor and obviously, we have a lot of execution that needs to get done. But when you look at our pipeline of people that are expanding, we feel good about the occupancy growth that we can provide and just need to execute on that.
Conor Flynn: Well, we always look at capital allocation as our priority. And when you look at the pipeline of what we have outlined, clearly the redevelopments are the most accretive in terms of returns to the company and the shareholders. So you can’t really remove that from the analysis, because we think that’s number one, two and three for us going forward. And we have - as we have said a number of different times, we have all the assets internally to work over. We don’t actually have to go out, trying to acquire assets in a very competitive market to try and create that internal value. So clearly for us, that’s a big differentiator and we still think we are in the early innings of unlocking that value from the portfolio. Our share price has moved to – with along with the interest rates environments. And we obviously can’t control that. We did take advantage of the ATM when – last quarter when we thought that it was prudent and we used it accordingly and we will continue to monitor that. But for us, when we look in the open market, we want to be extremely selective. As company of our size, we feel like we need right now to be extremely selective on third-party acquisitions and you have seen us do that and continue to finish off our disposition. So, we have a 5-year plan that’s outlined. We have all the building blocks internally to really unlock tremendous amount of value for our shareholders. And for us, it’s all about execution and making sure we deliver home those results.
Conor Flynn: Yes, the mark-to-market on the deals that have been executed is right around 5%, 5.5%. So, we think that, that should be the case going forward on our boxes there. The TI has been somewhere between $30 and $50 a foot in TI for the back fill of the normal box, it’s right around $30 if you need to split it. Obviously, it takes a little bit more cash and capital to reposition it. So, that’s where it comes in at the $50 per square foot range. So, we feel pretty good about the demand sources there and continue to think that we can show measured improvement along the way.
Conor Flynn: Sure. I will comment on that. I mean, we are constantly evaluating our JV program. That particular portfolio was one that we have had discussions with our partner many times over the last few years. It was a window of opportunity that fortunately opened up for us and we seized upon it. In terms of the assets themselves, they are all located within our core markets. We obviously know them very well having owned, leased and managed them for well over a decade. So, we believe that there is still opportunity. They fit the program for us really well. In fact, we have already executed a 56,000 square foot lease at our property in Atlanta. So, we are already seeing the benefits of that ownership piece. So, it’s – when you look at the JV program sort of in its totality, we continue to see it as an opportunity for us to acquire interest in very high quality assets that we already have a strong familiarity with. So, we will continue to seek opportunities from the JVs when the opportunity presents themselves.
Conor Flynn: It really comes down to the asset and the location of it, if you think about it. The high quality assets still demands premium and there is still a tremendous amount of retailers that have a flexible format to get into those high quality pieces of real estate. That’s where we are seeing the strongest demand. That’s where we want to be long-term. That’s why we have identified our target markets and we have done a lot of heavy lifting to get to those assets and to get to those target markets. So, that’s where we see the demand continue to be strong. And so we feel good about the supply and demand is still in balance there clearly. The added supply does change a little bit of the environment, but again, it all drills down to the location and how strong that asset is relative to the surrounding assets. And we feel good about our positioning.
Glenn Cohen: Again, we spent a lot of time trying to be the low cost provider. We spent a lot of time watching the maintenance things that have to happen at the projects. So, we try to keep costs down as best we can as we go along and you see that over and over again. I think the other thing you have is, some of it’s also a little bit of timing just based on wet weathers and things like that, whether it be from the step side, where snow is hitting, which obviously hasn’t hit yet the amount of parking lot projects that we have in any given point in time. But the main focus really is maintaining and keeping costs low and efficient at the properties.
Glenn Cohen: Right. Well, so I will start, I am sure Conor will add in. Roughly, 75% of the tenants exercise their options. So, that you see this wide gap, which is why the amount of liquidity in the leases that happens in any given year is relatively modest. In terms of upside in the below market rents, we know that over the next 3 years, we have close to 90 leases, 90 anchor leases alone where we think the upside in those leases is roughly 50% in total. So, we see a fair amount of upside as we look out the next few years.
Glenn Cohen: It’s balanced. Every side is looked at, at a location basis and what’s going on in that market. You have to really look at the supply side. Clearly, we are looking at supply now with malls as part of that and want to identify the highest and best use for the asset and what’s the best retailer we have to replace the vacancy with? We still see strong demand. I mean, if you look at our categories, we still see strong demand from off-price, home improvement, specialty and traditional groceries, sporting goods, arts and crafts, pet supply, health and wellness, beauty, fitness. I mean these are all categories that are alive and well and looking to grow store count. And you see that coming up in our pipeline. I mean this quarter we did more anchor deals than we have done all year. And we have a healthy pipeline looking forward. So even though there has been a bit more supply added to the system, it’s very much a local business. You have to look at each and every site individually and make the best decision you can, merchandising mix wise as well as for the net asset value of the property. And right now, where we sit, we still feel that we are in the sweet spot of retail.
Glenn Cohen: In terms of modeling, I would say the second half of ‘17, towards the back half of ‘17 is when the cash will start flowing. So if you think about the way we calculate same-site NOI growth, it will be more towards the back end of ‘17 where it will begin flowing.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add also, you have to understand, we have our entire platform of operating people looking at every lease that we have, we have a watch list. So we are always analyzing and looking for who the potential might be that might go out and talking to tenants well in advance. So that when it does happen, we are not starting at ground zero. We have already had a lot of conversations because again, at the end of the day for us, the key is to get the rent flowing as quickly as we can. So we really are focused on the watch list tenants and where we can put someone back in places if someone was to go out.
Glenn Cohen: No. I mean again, as I have said in many conferences, the Albertsons investment is a cost method investment for us. The company prudently is using all its free cash flow to pay down debt. So it’s improving the value of the entity, but we don’t get any EBITDA from it, we don’t get any cash currently and we don’t get any NOI or FFO contribution from it. So the way we view the investment today is it is really upside when the monetization does happen. Yes, we did – we have it as part of our capital plan through our 5-year period for our 2020 vision. But it’s relatively modest amounts in any given year. So we have plenty of other levers to work through if the monetization wouldn’t happen during 2017. We are very comfortable with our capital plan and our liquidity position, certainly, to deal with our redevelopments or developments and things that we are doing, because the company generates between $125 million and $150 million of free cash flow after we pay our dividends.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add in terms of the buyback question, again, putting capital into our business when we think we can get higher yields, as Conor mentioned, the redevelopments give us that. So at this point, I don’t see that, that’s something that really is on the table when necessary at this point. Again, you do that when that’s the last thing you have to create investment. We still want to invest in our product and our properties.
Glenn Cohen: Really, all the options are there whether it be an ATM if the stock price makes sense to us where it is, the unsecured debt markets, we continue to be very successful and have continued to lengthen an important piece that is lengthen our debt maturity profile. So, I am sure you will see us continue to be in the unsecured bond market. We have sales that were still not done. We will still have some more dispositions that will be part of next year that we will have talked about. But the bank community is another very much supportive of what we do. So, if we wanted to do a term loan within the bank market, obviously, we have our line. We have $1.750 billion line that has very little drawn on it. So, we have a lot of opportunities. I would tell you the one thing we are not looking to do is to put mortgage debt on our consolidated properties. But even there, if that was the only market open, we even have that ability with close to 400 unencumbered assets.
Glenn Cohen: We have not seen too many portfolio transactions executed in the marketplace. So, like Kimco, many of the investors out there are very focused on specific markets and asset types. We haven’t seen too many portfolios that have similar high-quality locations. So, the portfolios that have been on the marketplace have not achieved any sort of premium. So, as we look at our disposition program, we continue to feel that the best way to execute for us is really on a one-off basis or some very small select portfolios. But I think that the portfolio discount is certainly there and it’s hard to move large portfolios in non-core assets.
