Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. I hope everyone is enjoying their summer so far. Industry volume of open-air retail transactions in the first half of the year was down significantly compared to 2022. That said, we're starting to see the market thaw with activity warming up in the sector.  While we did not acquire any new properties or utilize our structured investment program in the second quarter, we believe our patience and strong liquidity position will be rewarded as opportunities arise in the back half of the year.  Since the ICSC Convention in late May, we have seen a noticeable increase in quality products hitting the market with sellers that are seemingly prepared to meet current pricing expectations. At the same time, there continues to be significant demands from both institutional and private investors for high quality open-air retail.  While borrowing costs and equity yield expectations remain elevated, the significant levels of capital seeking core retail remains strong and ready to deploy. With this dynamic, the market feels healthier and more vibrant now than it has at any point in the past nine months. Considering this backdrop, coupled with over $500 million of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the second quarter, we have been selectively targeting acquisition opportunities and accretive structured investment. There will be more detail to come on the existing pipeline as we move some of these deals across the finish line and we expect it to close on a few select investments by year ends.  As it relates to dispositions, we continue our selective approach choosing assets for specific reasons. Most notably, we sold our Christiana, Delaware land parcel for $32 million directly to an auto dealership operator. After evaluating several potential development plans for both retail and industrial, it became clear that our best risk adjusted return was a direct sale to the operator, allowing for subsequent redeployment of proceeds into income-producing investments.  We will continue to assess various prospects on both the new investment side and select pruning opportunities as we strive to generate incremental FFO growth while further strengthening our balance sheet over time.  I will now pass it off to Glenn for an update on the financials and outlook. 
Ross Cooper: Sure. I'm happy to address that. Yes, to your point, as I mentioned we are seeing additional activity in the market. Now, it is still somewhat hit or miss in terms of the assets that are in the market, where they are pricing and which ones are trading, but there's been more quality grocery that has hit the market, that is still demanding some six caps in many cases and getting them. We're starting to see some larger assets hit the market that maybe have a little bit of a higher spread where you can get a bit more yield, but still pretty strong quality.  I do want to address the cash that you were talking about and the uses for that. We're still fully committed to the net acquisition spread of about $100 million sort of positive, but we do have certain uses for that cash already allocated as well. We talked a bit about some of the redevelopment spend that we have, taxes on the ACI sales, and the special dividends. So while we do have some capital that is already sort of earmarked for that spend, we do think that given our cash position we're in a pretty unique position to be aggressive on the acquisition side, but still maintain a strong level of discipline. 
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes, I mean I think where we're seeing opportunity today from a pricing standpoint is on sort of the larger deal size in some of the portfolios. The single asset grocery anchored in the $20 million to $40 million range are still pricing as aggressively as ever. And when you think about the cash position that we have, which is currently earning 5%, there needs to be a meaningful spread for us to get excited about an acquisition.  I'm not going to comment specifically about the asset that you're referring to, but as I mentioned, we are active and we do believe that there will be some closings within the program within the back half of this year, both on the structured investment side, as well as the acquisition side. 
Ross Cooper: Yes, and with the downtime on the back filling of the boxes, obviously it varies based on existing conditions and the type of use that we're converting. So it could go anywhere from nine to 12 months. Slightly longer at the conversions are slightly more complicated, but right now that's more or less falling in line with what we've seen traditionally with our anchor activity as we've been closely measuring that and monitoring it for the last several years. 
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Ross and good morning. Our high quality operating portfolio continues to deliver favorable results, highlighted by another quarter of positive same-side NOI growth and strong leasing spreads. Furthermore, with additional proceeds received from our Albertsons investment, we continue to enhance our liquidity position and leverage metrics.  Now, for some details on our second quarter results. FFO was $243.9 million or $0.39 per diluted share as compared to last year's second quarter results of $246.4 million or $0.40 per diluted share.  Our second quarter results were driven by increased pro-rata NOI growth of $7.4 million, largely due to higher consolidated minimum rent of $12.5 million and higher percentage rent of $2.5 million. These increases were offset by higher bad debt expense of $3.8 million as the current period had a more normalized credit loss level compared to last year, which benefited from $800,000 of credit loss income due to reversals of reserves.  In addition, the increase in rental property expenses which includes greater insurance costs eclipsed the increase in recovery income by $3.5 million. Other factors related to the change in second quarter results were higher G&A expense of $4.8 million and pro-rata interest expense of $5.9 million. We also benefited from higher interest income earned on our invested cash that was partially offset by lower dividend income, resulting from the sale of Albertsons shares during the past 12 months.  Similar to last quarter, the uptick in G&A expenses was largely due to the anticipated staffing levels following the Weingarten merger, as well as greater non-cash expense related to the higher valuation of equity awards. The increase in interest expense relates to lower fair market value amortization, linked to the previously retained above market Weingarten bonds, as well as higher interest rates associated with floating rate debt in our joint ventures.  Moving to NOI. Same side NOI growth was positive 2.3% for the second quarter and would have been even better at 3.2% if we excluded the impact of prior period collections. Looking at the components of the same side NOI growth, we are encouraged by the 310 basis point increase from minimum rents and 70 basis point boosts from higher percentage rents. These improvements were offset by a rise in credit loss of 120 basis points. Overall, these results demonstrate the continued strength of our well-located portfolio.  As it relates to our Albertsons investment, during the second quarter we sold 7 million shares of ACI stock and received net proceeds of almost 145 million. It is our intention to pay the tax on the capital gain from the sale and have recorded a $31 million tax provision. Both the gain on sale and the related tax are excluded from FFO.  Year-to-date, we have monetized $282.3 million of ACI stock and expect to retain approximately $220 million for opportunistic investments and debt reduction. We currently hold 14.2 million shares of Albertsons which has a value of over $310 million.  As a reminder, during the first quarter of 2023, we received the $194.1 million special dividend from Albertsons, which was included in net income, but not FFO. The Albertsons special dividend is considered ordinary income for tax purposes. As such, the team and Board continue to evaluate the amount of the special dividend to our stockholders needed to maintain our compliance with redistribution requirements, which will be paid by year-end.  Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter 2023 with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.5x. On a look-through basis, including pro-rata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, net debt to EBITDA was 5.9x. The best level since we began reporting this metric and the first time it's been less than 6x.  Our sector-leading liquidity position remains very strong with over $2.5 billion of immediate liquidity, comprise of over 500 million of cash on hand and the full availability of our $2 billion involved in credit facility. In addition, we have the remaining Albertsons shares value in over $310 million.  Based on our solid first half results, the monetization of our Albertsons shares and expectations for the balance of the year, we are again tightening our FFO per share range to $1.55 to $1.57 from the previous range of $1.54 to $1.57, we've all previously disclosed guidance assumptions remaining the same.  And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, I'll take that. We have just under $650 million of bonds maturing in the first part of 2024. Again, we have cash on the balance sheet today. We have lots of liquidity obviously with our revolver, but our intent would be to take those bonds out before the end of the year.  In terms of pricing, again pricing moved around quite a bit, you know base rates have moved around. But I would say today, we are probably about 175 over on tenure, but with where it is, you keep refinancing somewhere in the 5.6 range, 5.7 range, relative to the bonds that are coming off that are at 2.7%, and have the other bonds have an effective yield of about 1%. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, what I would say Alex is, overall we're always looking to try and be a low-cost provider and try and keep costs down as best as we can. Clearly property insurance has been a challenge this year in the market. Now, we do have a blanket policy, which avails us of a rate that blends all of our properties together, which we think does help us. This is a pass through to the tenants, but again, we do everything that we can to try and minimize it and look at the overall recovery rate that we can get. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think as we were top chatting about a little bit earlier, it's the neighborhood grocery centers that are bite size, that are all cash buyers, that aren't relying upon financing, are still pricing as aggressively as they have in quite some time in their sub-six cap range. When you start to get into the larger format and larger check size, there's a fewer bidders that can cut that check without finance contingencies, which ultimately leads to a bit of a higher yield. So you are seeing some of the $100 million plus transaction size, able to achieve a better yield than the smaller deal size.  In terms of the sellers, they are a little bit all over the map, but it's the dynamic of a lot of demand and fundamentals of our product continuing to be really strong. And owners and buyers that really want to own open air shopping centers. When you look at it, compare it to other asset classes, we’re in a really good spot. And I think that a lot of institutions have noticed that and it's sellers that are looking to raise capital.  It's a good place to be able to sell and still maintain relatively strong pricing, particularly for us that were acquired in the last couple of years, where shopping centers open-sir centers, never really gotten to those extremely low cap rates like some other sectors, so we've maintained our value in this sector really well. 
Glenn Cohen: As it relates to the credit loss component to it, again, our guidance is 75 to 125 basis points. Through the six months we're around 80 basis points, so it’s towards the lower end of the range. It is though important to just keep in mind that our range, it really does account for some potential lost rent from unbudgeted vacancies. So we've kind of built that into the guidance and again, we remain comfortable with the guidance range that we've put out for the current year. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean. So I don't anticipate it coming down in the near term on a material basis for the next 12 months. 
Glenn Cohen: Sorry, that was the other part of your question, it was the execution to RCD dates. We're tracking pretty well. Conor mentioned it in his script that we've seen a decline and the execution of RCD over the last two years has come down around 7%, which is a little bit contrary to what we’ve – I think anecdotally have shared in the past, because of supply chain issues, permitting issues, etcetera.  So when we looked at the total pool of our population of activity, I think you tend to focus on the ones that are more challenged to get through, but when you realize the volume of activity that we have on a regular basis, net-net when you average it all together we've actually seen modest improvements. I think that's hugely attributed to obviously the team, the tenant coordinators and the construction teams that are constantly out there in the market working with the tenants, early on in the process getting their plans and permits in place.  Working with the cities to get those permits issued, and then on construction, really working with the GC's collaboratively to get those tenants open and trying to order materials as soon as possible or repurposing the use of existing materials like HVAC equipment to limit that downtime. So net-net that's really a compilation of all of that that's helping drive the success here.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean the leverage, I think it's obviously been in favor of landlords over the last several years because of the limited supply. Very low new development has been a theme for years now and it's the – it was originally the COVID inventory. Now it's some Bed Bath inventory that are creating opportunities for tenants.  Again as Conor alluded to you earlier, you're seeing a lot of tenants expand their market share, wanting to grow into new markets, penetrate shopping centers that otherwise were not reachable before because the occupancy was so high. So given those opportunities, you're seeing a lot of those demand forces come into play, which obviously enables us to negotiate favorable terms.  At the end of the day we do a deal that works for both parties. It is a long-term partnership which is really important. So outside of rents it's obviously cost. The capability of our team to open a tenant, I think it's really important. That was a theme that came out of COVID. Whereas some other landlords may not have had the resources available that we do, that ensure the opening components for retail tenants which is so important for them to hit their growth numbers. So I think that's where you're seeing a lot of the strength and the growth and these longer-term partnerships that we have with our major retailers. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, on the same side NOI question, again, I would say that bad debt expense now is back at a more normalized level. So I think when we look at 2023 versus what will probably occur in 2024, that the bad debt expense should not have a dramatic impact on what happens within the same side NOI growth. I think we have to watch for the lease up activity, the baseof the lease up activity and then if there's potential other bankruptcy situations that would have an impact on it. 
Glenn Cohen: As it relates to the interest expense, again, the fair market value amortization that we've talked about continues to burn off. So there's about another $10 million less next year that will burn off. And then it'll really come down to the pricing of the next set of bonds relative to the bonds that we have today. So we do expect interest expense will certainly be higher next year. The goal is obviously for the operating portfolio to outpace the interest expense growth. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think we've continued to see capital formations coming together. You have some strong operators in the market today that are aligning themselves with institutional capital, whether it be intentions or sovereign wealth. Again, I think open-air shopping centers in the United States, when compared to other asset classes, are as attractive on a relative basis as it's ever been.  So I think as we continue to see quarter-over-quarter, the fundamentals of our business remaining strong, and some of the worries of the macro economy subsiding to a certain extent as it relates to the consumer and to the open-air shopping center, it just gives a lot more conviction to buyers on the private side, as well as the institutional capital and our REIT peers here.  And so there's no shortage of capital. It's just a matter of making sure that the combination of a risk-adjusted return is fair. And again, as you're seeing it on a relative basis to other sectors, it feels pretty good right now. 
Glenn Cohen: So we're still evaluating a variety of cash strategies to try to reduce the amount that would be required. It's still in flux today. I would say that by the end of the third quarter we'll have a much better handle on where we think that level will be. Again, we look at overall taxable income, the $194 million special dividend received from Albertsons goes into the total mix.  I don't think that the special dividend will be that large. We've already been able to mitigate it somewhat. But I think as we get towards the end of the third quarter before the next conference call, we'll have a good handle on it and the payment will be made by year end. 
Glenn Cohen: Sure. You know, when we're looking at the Structured Investment Program, first and foremost, it comes back to the quality of the real-estate, as well as the quality of the sponsor and the operator. So we really have not strayed far at all from our acquisition criteria of what we would look to acquire, as to where we would look to put out preferred equity or MES financing. So we're staying very disciplined with that approach.  And as you've seen this quarter, we didn't do any new deals, because nothing fit the target. But we do think that in the back half of the year there will be some other opportunity that we'll be able to close on. So the pricing continues to be well in excess of our cost of capital, so it's a nice program from an accretion standpoint. But we do expect that our investment will be able to generate double-digit returns at a minimum, and hopefully with some upside participation it could be greater than that in the future. So that's really the way that we're evaluating that program today. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, happy to take that one and Dave, you can chime in as well. I think obviously you have seen the demand side of it be very strong for individual users to take the whole box, which obviously creates an ideal situation, where if you have a single tenant user taking the entire box here, you're tenant improvement allowance and your landlord work are quite a bit lower then if you were to split the box.  Yes, we've given that range of 20% plus on the mark-to-market on the Bed Bath Boxes. Obviously, you've seen the one that we executed. I've been a little bit ahead of that as we continue to work through the box inventory. 
Conor Flynn: We're happy to. Look, it's a broad base of demand drivers we're experiencing right now, which is great when you think about the Bed Bath boxes that we have coming into inventory. We really have to pick of the litter right now in terms of the best-in-class retailers. We have a – we have I think a nice combination of grocery anchors that are looking to expand.  So if you look at the traditional grocers, whether it's Kroger, Albertsons, Ahold, they continue to grow and you've got the specialty grocers with Whole Foods and Trader Joe's ramping up expansion plans. You've got ethnic grocers continuing to expand. And you've got the off-price sector that continues to be warring for space.  It really is an incredible demand driver there with TJ Maxx and all of their banners, Ross and their banners. Burlington of course being very aggressive at the Bed Bath auction and continuing to look for space. That combined with some of the other categories that we have like sporting goods and other things, it's a nice combination of real drivers for the anchor space.  The other piece of it though that I want to make sure I don't forget to mention is the small shop demand is quite robust and that's very, very encouraging I think for the overall U.S. economy. Because if you think about the small business being really the heartbeat of the U.S. economy, we're seeing tremendous demand on small shops, driving our occupancy up near all-time highs, continued building a pipeline of new leases there, and the retention rates are very high there. So it's a nice combination on both anchors and small shops. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, I think your spot on in trying to figure out how to use that as a strategic advantage, because we've talked about that a lot. Obviously the residential insurance market has gone through a whirlwind of pain. The commercial side of it, you know we've benefited from our portfolio diversity, and I think that sometimes goes unnoticed, where you know if you look at our portfolio and how we really continue to evolve it, we've got the benefit of having tremendous diversity of geographic spread that allows us to price extremely well in the insurance market. Even though individual insurers are obviously feeling the pain or one-off commercial properties are feeling the pain, we do have a big benefit there as Glenn said that we pass on to our tenant base. 
Conor Flynn: Sure. So as we mentioned on the Bed Bath boxes right now, we have 10 resolved. We had seven that were leased and then three that were picked up through the two auctions. That leaves 19. We also mentioned earlier the activity that we currently have. We have around seven leases in process with the existing Bed Bath locations and we have a number of LOIs.  So we feel like we're in a pretty good position to exceed at least 50% plus obviously by year end in terms of getting resolved and obviously trying to push that as far as we can through the balance of this year.  As it relates to the Tuesday mornings, we have 11 that vacated in Q2. We'll have one other one that vacates in Q3. Three of which were picked up by assignment and five below we're very active in that regard. So you have a lot of those other midsize box tenants that are looking at, you have two far ends of the world, and others that are currently pursuing those boxes.  So I think from an absorption standpoint, we have a very good pace that we're currently on and that we're looking to maintain that through the balance of the year. 
Conor Flynn: I would just add, historically prior to the pandemic, that snow gap was running in the high 100 low 200 range. So again, as we continue to lease up further and the openings continue to catch up, you'll start to see it come down at that point. 
Conor Flynn: You're also seeing the annual escalations continue to improve. Historically that business was running around, call it 2%, and now we're seeing it above 3% on annual escalation. So I think that on the small shop side that's really where you're seeing a meaningful pricing power shifting to the landlord side.
Conor Flynn: And then on the capitalized interest side of it, there really should be modest changes in that, because we have The Milton coming into service this year and then we have the Suburban Square mixed-use apartment project coming in to the south as a redevelopment program. 
Conor Flynn: I mean, occupancy, we anticipate you know probably having a slight dip in Q3. It's a 50-basis point headwind due to Bed Bath, but as we mentioned throughout the call, we're very encouraged by the activity that we've seen, not only through the Bed Bath, but all of the other box activity and small shop activity. So our job is to push as hard as we can to maintain the levels we have, and that's what we'll continue to do.  In terms of CapEx allocation, I mean we signed 26 anchor leases this quarter, which is the highest since 2017, and then you have to go all the way back to 2013 with that size volume. So obviously, there is a sizable allocation more towards the anchor boxes that you would see on a go-forward basis relative to say Tuesday morning. 
Conor Flynn: The other nice component too is the preferred equity investments we make have a right-of-first refusal on it, which allow us again to have almost like a future acquisition pipeline. So it's building the Structured Investment Program to allow us to acquire those assets that we would love to own 100% of in the future as well. 
