Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. 2012 is off to a very solid start with positive same-site and a wide growth, strong leasing spreads and further improvement in balance sheet metrics with a strong liquidity position. We were productive in all aspects of our strategy from leasing to non-strategic shopping center sales to further monetization of non-retail assets. In addition, we opportunistically tapped the capital markets and sourced select acquisitions. Let me provide some additional color. Beginning this quarter, we will use the term FFO as adjusted to represent recurring FFO, as we will be including headline FFO and FFO as adjusted in our SEC filings. FFO as adjusted was $0.31 per diluted share for the first quarter as compared to $0.30 last year. FFO as adjusted excludes $7.4 million of transaction income related primarily to preferred equity and other promotes received during the quarter and $7 million of acquisition transaction costs and severance-related expenses. Our headline FFO was also $0.31 compared to $0.30 last year. The improved performance results from the increased recurring retail contribution provided at the operating property level. Now while not included in either FFO number, we had gains on sales totaling almost $20 million and impairments of about $10 million from the sale of 13 non-strategic shopping centers and 2 joint venture operating properties, providing total proceeds as of $110 million. The shopping center portfolio metrics continue to exhibit improving performance, with U.S. same-site NOI growth of 2.8% for the eighth consecutive positive quarter and the highest growth rate in 4 years. The combined same-site NOI growth, which includes Canada and Latin America, was 3.6% before currency impact. This metric was negatively impacted by 70 basis points due to currency, bringing the combined same-site NOI growth of 2.9%. Leasing spreads including new leases, renewals and options were up 10%. And gross occupancy came in at 93.1%, up 30 basis points from a year ago. We continue to chip away at the non-retail investments, monetizing another $28 million this quarter, bringing the remaining balance to under $485 million. We expect to bring the non-retail investment balance down under $300 million by the end of the year, representing less than 3% of gross assets. We redeployed the proceeds from the non-retail and non-strategic asset sales by acquiring 4 U.S. shopping center assets in our target markets, a series of parcels net leased to restaurant operators and 1 shopping center asset in Canada for a total of $190 million, including debt assumption of $59 million. During the quarter, we opportunistically tapped the perpetual preferred market, issuing $400 million at a 6% coupon, representing one of the lowest coupons in the REIT industry. We intend to use the proceeds to redeem our 7.75% perpetual preferred when it becomes callable on October later this year.  In addition, subsequent to quarter end, we've closed on a new $400 million unsecured term loan priced at LIBOR plus 105. This facility has initial term of 2 years, and we have 3 1-year extension options at our election, effectively giving us 5 years of term. The proceeds from this term loan will be used to repay upcoming bond and mortgage maturities in the next 9 months, with interest rates ranging in the 6% range. The negative impact of these pre-fundings will be approximately $0.03 for 2012. Our balance sheet metrics continue to strengthen with net debt to EBITDA as adjusted, now at 5.4x, and a solid fixed charge coverage of 2.6x. We're ahead of schedule on our capital plan, and our liquidity position is in great shape with over $2 billion of immediate liquidity available. Thus, barring a major transaction, a trip to the capital markets is not needed in the near term. With regard to guidance, we are very pleased to reaffirm our FFO as adjusted guidance range of $1.22 to $1.26 per diluted share, even with absorbing the $0.03 of dilution associated with the early funding of the perpetual preferred issuance and the term loan. The FFO per share guidance does not include transaction income or expenses or non-cash charges for the redemption of preferred stock. Our guidance assumptions do include combined same-site NOI growth expected at 1.5% to 3.5%, increasing combined portfolio occupancy of 50 to 100 basis points and a decrease in the non-retail contribution due to the continued monetization of these assets. And now I'll turn it over to Mike for his report on the shopping center portfolio.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. Also, I would add -- just take a look at the first quarter. I mean, currency definitely has an impact, especially as we continue leasing up in Mexico and the other countries that we're in. We had a 70 basis point negative impact. Without that, we would have been 3.6. So the reason we had that range, and it's wide at 1.5 to 3.5, is we just can't predict currency. So it is clearly a part of it.
Glenn G. Cohen: I think it's all a balance of how you look at the overall capital structure of the company. We knew we want to replace our preferred, it's 7.75, so it was a good arm. The reality is at 6%, 30-year debt for us at the time we did it was virtually on top of that. So using a preferred instrument, really that's not callable to permanent capital. We thought it made a lot of sense in the overall capital picture. You are right that we are light as we go further out because of where our debt maturity stack is. And the reality is when we go to the next bond issuance, a new 10-year deal was going to fit into an area where we have no debt maturities. So as we've done for a long time, we keep a very well-staggered debt maturity, and trying to take advantage of the markets where we can. And that's kind of what we did with this term loan, giving ourselves 5 years of term where there's -- there's just a very big disconnect today between the bank market and the bond market. So we'll continue to look and continue to be opportunistic.
Glenn G. Cohen: We watch it real closely. But the cost of doing it is pretty expensive. I mean, we looked even at trying -- look at the bonds that matured in November and January, and the prepayment penalties is somewhat prohibitive. So we'll watch it and take advantage of it where it makes sense.
Glenn G. Cohen: The cost made is primarily in funding the set training seminars and other related activity that are mostly going to be conducted through the California small business development corps. So without disclosing specific numbers, the cost is relatively nominal. And that's going to be our primary financial cost for doing so. We will, in fact, help participate -- a few of our California leasing and asset management team associates are going to participate in those training sessions. But that's really -- it's not going to be a heavy dollar amount.
Glenn G. Cohen: Right. There's that opportunity cost for year 1, which is more based on a series of alliances with areas, forums, colleges, business development corps to really -- to get some leverage, if you will, in bringing the entrepreneurs on board.
Michael V. Pappagallo: R.J., I'll take that one. I wouldn't say that there is any one specific geography or type of tenant that we experienced this year. What we saw was a continuation of a general pattern over the past 12 to 15 months, where most of the positive spreads were coming from the big box and junior box positions. On the smaller stores, it's been somewhat of a push, with roughly an equal number of new leases that are positive versus negative. And when you get into the smaller stores arena, the differences can still be seen in certain of the tougher markets in Florida and in California and in Arizona. Again, reflecting the fact that at the height of the market, those were the ones that had the highest rents. And more, the barriers to entry markets in the New York metropolitan area, the D.C. market and certain pockets in South Florida, we're finding the strongest activity. But again, that's in the smaller spaces.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I'll touch upon the acquisition versus the disposition cap rate. As we and others have said, that there continues to be downward pressure on cap rates for the highest quality properties. The preponderance of what we've acquired over the past 15 months has been a grocery anchored bend for -- at least for a significant food component. And most of those assets are going off in -- anywhere from the low 6s to the 7 cap rate range. And the reason why that range is pretty wide is that we have very much focused on negotiated transactions, and we think we've gotten a little bit of a benefit, so to speak, in terms of the going-in cap rate. This contrast and compares within disposition program, as we've said, the lesser quality assets that really [indiscernible] matter, these dispositions are averaging in the 9-ish handle, in terms of exit cap rate. So those are the differences in terms of what we've seen. And there continues to be an increasing amount of interest across the spectrum, but in particularly with the higher quality properties and the better markets, a lot of demand, and it's not -- it's reasonable to expect those cap rates to continue to remain low or get lower. Dave, you might want to comment on the joint venture side of the equation.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. With this year, on the renewal aside, Vince, I think it's about a 90% retention rate. And we've had -- there was a significant amount of lease ends that we were able to renew. And I think that in effect reflects on a macro level some of the availability of other locations or lack of availability for certain locations for existing tenants to prospectively move. So there was a lot of volume and a very, very high retention rate. And that has been higher than what we've seen historically. So that -- I think that's the good news in the equation. And as for the full year, volume to 3.5 or so that you mentioned. That's probably a rough order -- a rough order adjust is the right number. That is based on our leasing plan for 2012.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. Without, Nate, it was 9% positive. And there wasn't any one big driver. But to an earlier question that was raised, we got the most traction in an assortment of mid-box, junior-box-type anchors and turnover as opposed to the small stores, which was -- I think it was a mild negative but almost imperceptible. So really, it was driven by a series of boxes, including a couple, and I don't have the information in front of me, a couple of the borders, re-leased boxes. In an earlier call, I had mentioned that we were pleased with the pipeline of users on the Borders -- former Borders location and a couple of boxes that helped push the numbers forward.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. Yes, Michael, what I said in the last quarter's call is that this is going to be continuous. I don't think I'll ever stop in terms of recycling. But from a realistic perspective, in terms of the 100-plus assets that we've labeled non-strategic for external disclosure purposes, I think that's going to be a 2- to 3-year cycle. If we're happy with the acceleration of what's happening in the market now, selling what we sold in the first quarter and just for some stats, right now, we have another 14 under contract, 14 more that we've got accepted offers, we're negotiating a contract, and 21 more that are in the marketing phase. So I think that's the steady diet of activity that you would expect to see us have -- that's going to be happening over the course of the next couple of years. Now I'll also tell you that as we look -- we continue much more aggressively to relook at the portfolio and make some decisions about keep versus sell. And that's really why in the disclosures do you all -- we talk about one set of occupancy number as one set of leasing spread numbers. We do disclose separately the non-strategic, but I don't want to get into a pattern of saying just pay attention to the "strategic assets." Because we're going to continually look to recycle capital and where we feel value and has been extracted to the management degree possible. We will continue to use that as a capital source. And I'd just add that in the process of execution, the market is -- what we see is getting a little better for the B assets, both in terms of the interest of those types of buyers, as well as from available debt capital coming from the debt funds that are out there in the marketplace. So all in all, we think that has a good story attached to it as well.
David B. Henry: The performance metrics are really excellent, and we're very, very pleased with what's going on there. Year-over-year, the numbers are up substantially. The hotel business is measured in what they call RevPAR. So those metrics are looking very, very good. In fact, this morning, I just got April's results. Year-to-date occupancy, average room rate, RevPAR are all up consecutively. 2.2%, 5%, 7.3%, all respectively. So we're very happy with what's going on at the property level. And as I mentioned, in terms of the sale process, we're into a second round now with 3 qualified buyers doing more extensive due diligence and spending their own money to pursue this transaction. So we're cautiously optimistic. It's been a long road, but you have to understand we're selling a company here. It's not just a number of hotel properties. It's an entire organization and company headquartered in Atlanta. So there's complexities when you're selling a company an additional real estate.
David B. Henry: Institutions of all shapes and sizes continue to come in -- come back into the real estate market. Pension funds, life insurance companies, sovereign wealth, so forth. They see real estate as hard assets, inflation hedge and good cash yielding compared to alternative investments these days. So we continue to see lots of institutional investor interest in working with us to acquire some of these properties that are very high priced. And for us, when we look at these acquisitions, we do look at them in 2 respects. One is if we do it ourselves, and secondly, if we use an institutional partner to enhance our yield.
David B. Henry: Sure. I think there's lots of questions embedded in there. But let me start at the very highest level. As you know, Michael, we have hundreds and hundreds of restaurant leases of all shapes and sizes in our portfolio, both ground leases where the restaurants have been built on our net lease sites and store leases. As a general category, restaurants are doing very well these days as more and more people eat out. And they're also relatively immune to the threat of Internet and e-commerce. So we like it as a tenant category. In this particular case, we were able to purchase on a negotiated basis and what we think is a very opportunistic basis, these 63 net leases from a financial institution that wanted to sell them. The cap rate was just under 9%, and it's very high-quality restaurant portfolio. We have, as you know, with 50 years of experience in underwriting these types of tenants, that we were able to look carefully at the real estate and be very comfortable with what's going on in this portfolio of restaurants. So we don't see this as a huge program. But as you know, we've always had an opportunistic culture. And we look at opportunities as they come up. It is retail real estate. It's a -- we can underwrite it. Many of these properties are in shopping centers. They're no different than the out parcels we already have that are leased to restaurants. So it fits very nicely with what we have. These leases, in many cases, have nice escalators built into these net leases. And from a time and management standpoint, net leases are always a lot simpler. You're collecting checks monthly, and the tenants worry about almost all of the needs, including capital needs of the property. So we like the business in general. We like the category. Please don't look at this as a whole new transformation of the company because it's not. It's just one individual opportunistic investment that we made at an accretive cap rate.
David B. Henry: Sure, I'd be happy to give you more color. And remember, we carefully underwrote this package. And I will make the point that we started with far more than 63. We whittled it down to the 63 that we felt were the best 63 of this very large portfolio we had an opportunity to take a look at. They're located in 24 different states, great spread of risk, 20 different brands. 61% of the rent comes from corporate owners, the franchisor, if you will, whereas 39% comes from franchisees. So there's a spread there. The cap rate, as I mentioned, is just under 9% and an 8.8%. The average price we paid is $1.1 million. 36% of the revenue comes from shopping center pad sites, as I mentioned, out parcels. 32% of the revenue comes from very high traffic, interstate locations, where you get off an exit for instance and you have a Wendy's or something like that. The largest tenant with 12 locations is Wendy's, followed closely by Burger King with 9 locations. The biggest geographic concentration is Texas with 17 locations. We like Texas long-term a lot, the demographics and so forth. So hopefully, that gives you a little flavor. The average rent per location is about $102,000.
David B. Henry: Yes. We -- obviously, we anticipated this question. So permit me to be very, very specific in a response. I'd like to make the following points. One, the extent of what we know about the Wal-Mart actions is what we read in the New York Times article, the same way you did. We are not aware of any Wal-Mart improprieties with respect to any of our Mexican properties or any of our Mexican operating partners. The acquisitions and development of the Wal-Mart projects in our portfolio occurred in 2005 or later. And this is the year after the activities that were described in the article occurred. With respect to all of our Wal-Mart projects, the developer obtained the building permit, not Wal-Mart. We employ a third-party consultant to oversee the construction process. This is a construction manager, in many cases, right on site that reviews and approves every payment we make on these development projects. We also have our own Kimco employees, provide asset management and oversee the project construction and approve the individual payments. As part of our normal operating procedures, all of our local Mexican development partners execute letters certifying to us they are not aware of any kind of improper payments. We have a very comprehensive FCPA policy, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act policy at Kimco that includes extensive training for all of our employees that are directly or indirectly involved with any international projects. The training includes members of senior management, and our board, are taken through this training on an annual basis. And now I just have to zoom up to the highest level. From the very beginning, when we went to both Canada and Mexico and then South America, we really have tried to set the right tone, because we've always emphasized that we're a public company and, as a public company, we adhere to the highest ethical standards, and we expect that all of our local operating partners to also meet those standards. So that gives you the highest level of flavor I can give you at this point.
David B. Henry: Well, you really have to differentiate when you say that. We continue to be in some very urban locations with our typical property type. And we like that, and we plan to stick with it. What we have been selling down are generally these mixed-use development properties that we acquired several years ago in Philadelphia, New York, a couple in Boston and a couple in Chicago. These generally were the first story to be retail, but second, third, fourth, fifth story to be either apartments or office or another property type. And we just really didn't have the expertise or the right partner to develop these properties out. It's not our core expertise. So street retail in and of itself remain something we would be happy to look at in markets that are our core markets. But in terms of significant mixed-use development activities, where we're putting office or residential on top of retail, that's just not what we're about, and that's what we've been selling.
David B. Henry: Well, I would make a very general comment. Like everybody else, it's an uncertain environment today. We're cautiously optimistic that the economy will continue its recovery. But it's certainly -- it's very soft and very fragile, and there are some items out there in the world that make us want to be conservative as we project that.
David B. Henry: Yes. I mean, I think you've seen today, matter fact, RioCan announced a new joint venture with Kimco, where we sold them an 80% interest in one of our original merchant development projects in Texas. So that's an example of continued activity we have in the joint venture program. And yes, we are selectively looking at opportunities to expand joint ventures and feed those joint ventures with some of our existing assets. But in general, institutional partners want to go side-by-side with you on new acquisitions. So that's generally where the institutional appetite is. But as I mentioned in the very beginning, we look at acquisitions, and that includes our old portfolio selectively. And we look at opportunities as we talk to these institutions to have the right mix of institutional partners and our own capital being put to work. We have had the benefit of having capital to put to work as we sell our non-strategic assets and our not-retail properties. That's given us some capital that we can redeploy and purchase some -- 100% wholly owned, excellent quality assets for the long term.
David B. Henry: Yes. Don't put it in your model next quarter. But the benefit of being around for 50 years is we have lots of leases that are very low rent that finally reach the maturity and finally reach the last of their extension options. And this particular quarter, we saw one of those. We have many like that embedded in our portfolio.
David B. Henry: Well, in terms of the non-retail portfolio, I think by the end of next year, we'll be down to 1% to 2% of our total assets, and we'll be very happy at that. There are some longer term non-retail assets that we'll probably hold for in a while. But we're very hopeful at that point with 98% plus of our assets being shopping centers, that it will go away as an issue. And we realize the InTown Suites is the big driver of all that, and we're committed to making that happen. In terms of the non-strategic retail, Mike, you might want to give an update here.
David B. Henry: And by definition, it's a very lumpy business. So we are on the case, and we do want to make sure that the market is aware that this is part of our business model and it's something we've done very well over the years. And we continue to talk to retailers about the opportunity for us to do opportunistic transactions with their retail real estate.
