Ross Cooper: Thank you Conor, and good morning. It’s been a busy few months on a variety of fronts, but importantly Kimco is as well positioned as we have ever been to potentially take advantage of the ever changing market conditions. With the recent bond refinancings and partial Albertsons monetization completed, our liquidity positions us to continue to be opportunistic. On the transactions front as previously mentioned, we began the quarter by completing the acquisition of two grocery-anchored assets from the Cedar portfolio in addition to the participating loan on three grocery-anchored assets in Pennsylvania. Select disposition activity continued with the sale of nine shopping centers and two land parcels in Q3 for $188 million with KIM’s share of $64 million. These sales included several joint venture assets highlighted by the exit of a legacy Weingarten joint venture consisting of the five remaining assets from the partnership. Kimco’s ownership of that venture was 15% and included assets with demographics inconsistent with our core portfolio. Additionally, during the quarter, Kimco was repaid in full on the first mezzanine loan that we made since the formation of the Structured Investments Program in 2020. The unlevered IRR on that 20-month investment was 12%. As the quarter progressed, the rising interest rate environment and overall market uncertainty led to a slowdown in deal flow given a widening spread on the bid ask between buyers and sellers. A majority of assets that were put on the market for sale this summer either have not transacted are delayed until 2023 or have been pulled all together. The exceptions were committed deals that already had financing plans finalized. For Kimco, given the strength of the portfolio, we have minimal dispositions planned and have the luxury of being price sensitive due to our strong liquidity position. As we look at the remainder of the year, we expect to execute on a few dispositions that were committed in prior months and should get done by year end. Looking ahead to 2023, we remain confident about the fundamentals of our business and our core portfolio, but also excited about the prospect of taking advantage of dislocation that favors well capitalized companies with strong conviction for open-air retail properties. As was the case in the early stages of the pandemic in 2020 and 2021, we intend to be judicious and disciplined with our capital allocation while ready to capitalize on unique opportunities. This should enable us to generate outsized returns on quality real estate when liquidity is at a premium and our enviable capital position is the exception and not the rule. I will now pass off to Glenn to provide the financial results for the prior quarter.
Ross Cooper: Yes, and now in a lot of ways these environments are where we have the ability to do our most attractive deals. Just looking back to the onset of the pandemic in 2020 and early 2021, I think we were able to accomplish some really unique opportunistic investments that became much more challenging over the last 12 months as the market recovered. A lot of that, that’s fast money that came in 1031 exchanges and we’re really pushing pricing have all subsided at this point. So in a lot of ways we think 2023 will be the perfect environment for us to go back out there and to find some really attractive structured investments. We continue to have conversations with all of our joint venture partners to see who may have an interest in monetizing in a choppy environment. And as Conor mentioned, while the bid has spread on the core acquisitions have been wide of late, we do hang around the hoop and have lots of open dialogue with brokers and a lot of owners that may consider selling next year. And we’ll be ready to do that with our liquidity position and move quickly if given the opportunity.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes, I mean cap rates are certainly a bit of a moving target in this environment. While they don’t go necessarily basis point to basis point with interest rates there has been a little bit of a lag as rates have risen pretty dramatically. So it is a little bit difficult to peg exactly where deals are today, particularly because, as I mentioned, deals that are not previously committed as of the last 45 to 60 days plus, you’re really seeing a bit of a pause in the marketplace today where I think buyers are still comfortable moving forward on core acquisitions are not necessarily where sellers are willing to sell today. Now that might start to change if you see a little bit more distress and forced selling, which I think will start to mark where cap rates will transact that, but right now you’re seeing a pretty wide bid asset spread. But clearly, the sub five cap grocery-anchored shopping center transactions that we saw through the first half of the year are not penciling for investors today. The deals that we did close in the quarter were all based upon an in-place cap rate that were in the mid to high 5s. Again, as we talked about in previous quarters, for us in looking at cap rates, it really is just a spot check and a point in time. I think in the prepared remarks, we talked a little bit about some of the vacancy and the assets that we acquired, which will really be able to fuel our growth and get our CAGR and our IRRs to an acceptable level. So while cap rate is something that we do factor in, it’s not the end of the metric that we look at. So we’ll be watching very closely. The good position that we’re in enables us to move once the capitulation with sellers starts to occur. But clearly we’re waiting for a little bit more clarity on where sellers are willing to transact before we see a whole lot of closings occurring, certainly by the end of this year and as we get into the beginning of next year.
Ross Cooper: Yes, great, great, great questions, Alex. And you’re right, this is, it’s definitely not the norm for the REIT sector at all. So it’s a really great problem to have, I guess I’ll call it. So first of all, all the shares today sit in the REIT, years ago, now it’s I guess six years ago. Previously we had, in 2016 the shares were in the TRS. We had merged them back into our REIT. And upon waiting five years, which is, which has passed any of the built in gain related to the shares in the TRS really expired. So now all the shares are sitting in the REIT. So now it’s a matter of, as we deal with the gain, it’s a capital gain, so we have to first make sure that we are staying in compliance with the retest, one of the retest being the gross income test. So we’ve monitored that and we’re fine. The capital gain, then the question is, how best to retain the capital for future investment debt reduction and all things that we do in the business. So we have decided that we’re going to pay the capital gains tax on the piece that we’ve monetized. And as I mentioned, that tax is about $60 million. With us paying as a REIT, with us paying the capital gain tax, we are going to provide information that all of the shareholders are entitled to a credit, not as adoption, a credit for their pro rata share of the tax that we paid. So there’s a form to be filed and tax returns that might be filed by non-exempts. But there’s a clear path to getting that cash, even if you’re non-tax paying entity.
Ross Cooper: And then, and then the other thing I’d add is, we still own 28.3 million shares of stock. And that our expectation is that over the next two tax years, 2023 and 2024 we’ll monetize it. And that will allow us to maximize retaining as much cash as we can as we continue to work through the distribution requirements.
Ross Cooper: Yes and no. That’s a good question. We absolutely look at our cost to capital on a daily basis. So while cap rates are moving target, frankly our internal hurdles are also a bit of moving target. But I can tell you that from an unlevered IRR perspective, at a minimum we’re looking at transactions that have to clear high single digits, low double digits. In this environment, we’re hopeful that there’s going to be some more opportunistic investment opportunities that will be certainly in the double digits. So, from our perspective, we have a host of potential deals in 2023 that we’re targeting that should absolutely be able to equip that. So we’re staying patient. We’re in a good position right now. While the Albertsons monetization has a very low hurdle to clear to be accretive in that we were only getting about 2% yield, our internal expectations are clearly much higher than that.
Conor Flynn: It’s a great question. I think when you think about how we positioned ourselves we continue to think our portfolio is poised for growth. And so our cautious optimism remains and our strength of our portfolio and our team is shining through as you see the results really continue on the same path as previous quarter. On the macro side, clearly the clouds have gotten darker on the horizon, there’s more uncertainty. So when you get those types of flashing warning signs, you need to make sure you prepare for what may come next. And that’s where I think the tone in our earning scripts have tried to outline exactly how we’re focused on preparing for what could be a challenging environment. Now the good part, and the good part for Kimco is we’ve got a very battle tested team and the portfolio has been transformed. So when you look at the supply and demand dynamic for the Kimco portfolio and the resilient Kimco consumer, we feel like because we offer that value and convenience component, we should be in a very good position to weather any type of storm come next year. So overall, the retailer’s commentary has not changed. 2023 is pretty much baked by this point when you look at the retailer open device most of those deals have already been solidified. They’re already looking for deals in 2024 and they haven’t slowed down. There’s still a lot of demand out there and in a lot of ways this might be the best leasing environment we’ve ever seen because of the depth and breadth of the retailer demand and the lack of supply.
Conor Flynn: We’re happy to, and Ross you can chime in as well. Clearly we’ve got a nice landscape of opportunities when we look forward. With our liquidity positioning it’s pretty unique to come into a point where banks are already pulling back. You’re not seeing a lot of bond deals getting done. You’re seeing a lot of floating rates that’s coming to maturity. You’re seeing a lot of CMBS maturity coming up. That typically signals distress or some type of dislocation where if you’ve got dry powder, you can pretty much take advantage of it. So when we look at our unique set of opportunities, clearly we’d love to buy core acquisitions with growth embedded in the cash flow. Those have been hard to come by in our markets where we continue to mine for those unique opportunities. What we have found a little bit more on the opportunity side is on the preferred med structure. We continue to think that that capital with the higher return is a nice opportunity for us to get a foot in the door with a [indiscernible] to have a future acquisition opportunity on that asset. And that may be something that again may come into focus next year as capital starts to get tightened up.
Conor Flynn: So we plan to provide pretty significant detail on that on our website as well as outreach to our shareholder base so that they understand the roadmap that they need to take. I think it’s a, as you said, it’s a unique situation and we’ll make sure we allocate time and effort to have everybody understand what they need to do to get that tax credit.
Conor Flynn: Sure. yes, I mean look, our policy has really been not to comment on transactions until they close. We do anticipate that there will be additional closings this year in the next 60 days on both the acquisition and the disposition side. So we’ll certainly provide more detail as soon as any of those transactions do close. You know, the one thing that I would comment on the life cycle of some of these deals is that they all have their own nuances and they all have significantly different timeframes. You know, our bread and butter are all cash transaction can close very quickly. Other larger portfolio transactions oftentimes have different nuances that may include loan assumptions or very significant creative tax structuring. So to that point certain deals do take quite a while to get from the initial conversations to the closing line. So as soon as we have more detail to provide on any of these deals as they close, we’ll be happy to provide that.
Conor Flynn: Craig, it’s a good question. I think we’re going to have to get back to you on the detail on that breakdown. I think the operating expenses may have some one-time items in there to create that type of jump, but we’ll unpack that and give you the detail and follow up with you. I don’t think you’ll see that continue. I think we’ve done a pretty good job of making sure we manage our operating expenses and don’t see any sort of spikes that we can’t control. So we’ll get back to you on that one.
Conor Flynn: Your question about the 2025 goals, I think that we’re consistent in trying to make sure that we set goals that we want to try and achieve that might be somewhat aspirational, but we want to push out each other to try and reach those goals. Clearly, financing market has changed pretty dramatically. You see the cash flow growth continuing. That’s the exciting part about our business. The fundamentals are quite strong. When you look at the leasing demand and the lack of supply and the stickiness factor that we’re seeing with our retention rates, we continue to think the business is on very solid footing and so we’ll continue to monitor that situation. But we’ve got a lot of future entitlement goals that we plan to hit as well. We’ve secured 1,500 units this year. We’d like to get that up to maybe 1,800 to 2,000 by the end of the year. So we’re stretching to hit that and continue to think that when times get tough, typically municipalities sometimes loosen up on entitlements, because that’s usually when they’re trying to find ways to increase their tax base and find ways to increase the operations of their municipalities. So hopefully, we can secure even more entitlements if things do get tough.
Conor Flynn: I think the partners like it to give them a little bit more flexibility too if they want to put the asset on the market for sale, then they in essence take out the floating rate. So I think that’s part of it as well.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, so we haven’t finalized it yet. It’s something that we still need to go over with the Board. There’s a requirement to do a minimum of 20% in cash. So we’re going -- we will finalize it over time, but I mean, ideally we’re going to try and retain as much cash as we can. And again, it’s -- the shareholders role may fall relative to any stock dividend that we would issue since it’s pro rata amongst the full range of shareholders.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, so first just on the guidance. So we didn’t, as I mentioned, we did raise the guidance to $1.57 to $1.59 from the previous level. We are comfortable quite candidly at the upper end of the range. So that would imply roughly a $0.39 fourth quarter. As I mentioned, the third quarter did have about $0.02 of one time as in the fair market value amortization that came through a couple million of LTA. So we feel pretty comfortable at the upper end of the range as it relates to guidance. So on the same site NOI I won’t say we’re going to probably be close to where you saw us in the third quarter in that range, probably in that, you know, 3 percent-ish range. You know, when you look at the whole, look at it all together again, we are up against a pretty tough comp of over 12%, but I think it will be pretty close to where we saw the third quarter. Again, credit loss income has come down significantly and as I said, as I mentioned, we really think that we’ve come to the end of where we’re having income from credit loss and it will start to revert back towards something more in line with what you’ve seen previously, 75 basis points of credit loss over time.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, sure, sure Ki. So the credit loss historically pre-pandemic for a pretty long run rate was running somewhere in that 60 to 75 basis points per year range. So just mathematically, if you look at it, if we’re in this 75 to 100 basis point target area or expectation area because of where we’re viewing the economy and the uncertainty in it, you’re looking at something in a dollar range of around $18 million. So $15 million to $20 million in total on that 75 to 100 basis point spread. So that will give you an idea. It is not targeted or specific to any particular tenant. I mean the -- our tenants at risk, the list is actually pretty short today. But again, we’re watching pretty closely. It’s been a long cycle of not a lot of bankruptcies. So the tenants have held up incredibly well. But again, we’re in a pretty uncertain time. There’s a lot of rhetoric around recession coming and what that might mean. So our approach is just to be cautious about how we guide.
Glenn Cohen: So I’ll take the first part of your question. I would say that we’re really, really happy that we went to the market when we did and we found a very small open window to do the issuance we did. We pushed our debt maturities out, so we have no debt maturing for the balance of this year or really until 2023. It is interesting, as rates have risen pretty dramatically, normally we would have expected spreads to come in a little bit. But I would tell you, spreads are wider today than the day we issued. Our issuance was done at 190 over. We’re probably in the 220 range in terms of spread today on a 10-year. So you can do the math, but treasury today is around 410. So you’re looking at somewhere around a coupon of around 635 to probably 640. So again, we have no need to go to the market. The nice part about our debt is all the consolidated debt is virtually fixed rate and for a pretty long time at 9.7 years. So we don’t have short-term exposure to the rate environment. And like anything else, we’ll continue to look at the debt stock and be opportunistic where we can and look to repay future bonds at an appropriate time.
Glenn Cohen: Before we go to the next question, I just want to clarify Craig Schmidt’s question on operating expenses. The increase in operating expenses really was derived from having a full quarter of Weingarten in our portfolio this quarter. We closed in August of last year, so now we have a full three months this quarter. If you look at our operating expense ratio margin, which we put in the supplemental this quarter, you could actually see we’re recovering more than we had previously. So to Conor’s point, we’re doing a better job there. You could take the next question.
Glenn Cohen: Great questions. So let me take the Albertsons first, and then I’ll talk about the JV part. So if you look at where our current dividend is, we are very, very close to where taxable income and the dividend are really in line, but just from the recurring operations. It does not include what was a capital gain from the remainder of Albertsons. So it’s going to require additional tax strategies, deductions that we can find along the way to shelter some of that. If not, we would be in the same position actually this year where we would have to either pay the tax to retain as much capital. Those are our options. I mean, because we are keeping the dividend, it’s really important for us to keep the dividend based on the recurring operations to keep that FAD number in that low 70s percent range and leave lots of pushing for us. So the specials, we just have to deal with them as they come along and look for whatever shelter we can find. As it relates to the JVs, again some of it is because again, they’re somewhat sometimes viewed as a little bit more transitional. We’ve had, as you’ve seen, we’ve brought a lot of properties out of the joint ventures over time. So it’s been -- it’s kind of an agreement between the partners how they want to do it. In the care portfolio, we actually have almost fully -- an unencumbered pool of properties that’s financed with unsecured bank debt. So there it’s been done as floating rate, and it’s been fine because the leverage is so low to just keep it floating for now. But you are right; we do use more floating rate debt within the JVs than anything in the parent and it’s a combination of working with the partners.
