David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's second quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, the President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco's CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of the call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our Web site. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: We're ready to move to the Q and A portion of the call. To make the Q and A more efficient, you may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. You may take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating on our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. It has certainly been a busy first-half of the year on the transaction side with our team firing on all cylinders. Second quarter sales volume continued a significant pace with the sale of 17 shopping centers for 320 million at Kim share putting us well on our way to hitting on our 2018 disposition goals of 700 million to 900 million. In fact, with 530 million Kim share of sales for the first-half of the year, we are two-thirds of the way there, and we continue to execute. Subsequent to quarter-end, we sold an additional two shopping centers for a combined 49 million at Kimco share, and currently have another 200 million plus at Kimco share either under contract or within accepted offer. We maintain our full-year guidance range for both net sales volume and cap rates. As we communicated previously, in conjunction with the initial disposition targets for the year, it was always our goal to maximize proceeds in the first-half of the year to minimize dilution in 2019. As Conor indicated, our team is dedicated to ensuring recurring FFO growth in 2019 and we fully understand how the timing of our 2018 sales impact that goal. Given the timing and pace of our sales volume in 2018, we are comfortable indicating that next year's sales will be meaningfully less than this year. Also another benefit for expediting our 2018 sales volume is that it continues to strengthen the remaining core portfolio as evidenced by our operating fundamentals. As we move through the remainder of 2018, given our continued emphasis on owning properties in dynamic growth markets, we remain focused on reducing the asset count in the Midwest, while also selectively pruning flat or low growth assets from other parts of the country. We sold our last remaining shopping center in Alabama this quarter, removing another non-core estate from our ownership map. The blended cap rate through the first half of the year was at the lower end of our expected range reflecting positively on both the quality of the centers being sold and the investor demand. Through the first half of the year, we continue to be impressed by the level of activity and the profile of those bidding on our properties. Demand for our sites remains strong with readily available debt capital at continued low interest rates. With the tenure settling around 3%, borrowing remains an attractive opportunity to maximize yield on investment for buyers. Highlighted during the recent recon in Las Vegas and continuing through today, new bidders have emerged as well as some renewed interest from previously inactive investors. And while we have seen more sincere interest from potential portfolio buyers, we continue to see the greatest execution via one-off sales, which we will remain focused on through the back half of the year. There has been no material change in valuations or investor appetite for high quality core major markets. We have seen continued strong demand for institutional quality assets with recent transaction at five caps or below in South Florida, New Jersey, Atlanta, Southern California, Washington, D.C. and elsewhere. Glenn will now provide additional detail on our financial performance for the quarter.
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's quiet. The other thing I'd offer is that during the third quarter of last year, we received a pretty substantial tax refund of about $1.5 million that is not there this year, on one of our sites. So that just adds to the tougher comp comparison.
Ross Cooper: Yes, in fact the dispositions through the first-half of the year averaged 96% occupancy. So the assets that we're selling are actually primarily stabilized.
Ross Cooper: I don't think the mix [technical difficulty] all that much. The mix has always been a focus on retailers that have gotten themselves in a bit of trouble, whether it's through over-leveraged or a distressed business plan. So that really hasn't changed the shift or the mix of the watch list.
Ross Cooper: Sure. It was always the team's goal to push as much of the dispositions to the first half of the year as possible. So we're very pleased with that, I think you will see a little bit of a slowdown in Q3 in terms of total volume certainly compared to Q2 but to your point given where we are and that the pace and the execution, we would expect that at a minimum will be at the midpoint and probably towards the upper end of that range by the end of the year.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Following our solid first half results, we remain confident and energized that we will meet our objectives for 2018 and position our company for growth in 2019. We are starting to realize the benefits of a high quality portfolio comprised of a strong and diverse tenant roster located primarily in the top MSAs where we see the best opportunity for growth. Occupancy is near all-time highs and new leases continue to deliver positive, double-digit spreads. Our development projects are progressing and are expected to begin contributing to our growth in 2019 and beyond. Now for some details on our second quarter results; NAREIT FFO was $0.39 per diluted share for the second quarter 2018, which includes $9.5 million or $0.02 per share net transactional income comprised primarily of $5.6 million from preferred equity profit participations and $3.6 million from an equity method distribution above our basis. NAREIT FFO per share for the second quarter last year was $0.41 and includes $0.03 per share of net transactional income mostly from the $23.7 million distribution received from our Albertsons investment.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, we're not going to give guidance yet. We're only halfway through 2018. But there are some positives if you look at it. We have a least-to-economic occupancy gap of 310 basis points today. And quite candidly that gap is probably going to widen a little bit as we start re-leasing some of these Toys boxes, so you're going to wind up with more leasing done there and widen that gap a little bit until it starts narrowing when those flows start coming online. Remember same site is in our case cash-base.
Glenn Cohen: I would say probably have a little bit more impact potentially in '19. Because, again, where we sit today, we still have a lot of rent that's still flowing, right. I mean, really through the first six months of the year, except for four of the boxes, everything has been paid so far. And with the seven PropCo leases, those are still paying as well, so. I mean, it's going to come down to the timing of when from a same-site perspective when those flows start happening. But I think Dave maybe will add here, the prospects on leasing strong. We feel good about being able to get them leased up pretty quickly.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, don't lose sight of the fact of just how diverse our portfolio is. Although the Toys thing is clearly a headline item, again it makes up -- we're talking about 70-80 basis points of total ABR where we've already re-leased and have a sign for the boxes now the lease is coming online. So headline issue more than anything else I think.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, from the capital standpoint again, as I've mentioned several times already, there's nothing in our numbers for '18 or '19 as it relates to Albertsons. We remain completely focused on execution around the portfolio, our dispositions, the balance sheet management, our developments, our redevelopments. When and if Albertsons happens it'll be a positive for us, but there's nothing baked into our numbers for it. And as I mentioned, we have no debt maturities and enormous amounts of liquidity at this standpoint. So we are very comfortable with our capital position.
Glenn Cohen: Okay, so couple of things. First, as it relates to leverage, again there's nothing in our numbers for 2019 and our leverage is going to naturally come down because we have all these developments and redevelopments that are going to start flowing and producing further EBITDA. Now the reality is if Albertsons doesn't happen, it does happen and it monetizes, the leverage comes down that much quicker. To your point, we're not booking any income and we would have this inflow of cash but we have not based our forecasts on that happening. So we're not really concerned about it, leverage will naturally come down over time. It accelerates in the event that monetization happens.
Glenn Cohen: We do, I mean our initial estimate based on what we've done is it will impact it by about $0.02 to $0.03 somewhere between $8 million and $11 million. So that will be -- that's got to be taken into account as you're doing guidance numbers for 2019.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I would say that the third quarter would be our low point in terms of quarterly same-site NOI growth and you'll see start picking up again in the fourth quarter and again we raised our guidance. So we're comfortable at that 2% to 2.5% range and that we are comfortable that we will get towards the upper end of that range as well.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. With the first, the first question as it relates to the seven, we had four that were signed this last quarter so there's obviously no doubt having rent there, resumed immediately and so that resolves, as it relates to two that release, we'd expect to start flowing towards the back half of end of 2018 into 2019 and we did sell one within the quarter as well. So that was, that totals up to your seven, as it relates to the balance, we've always stated, we expect them all get resolved within the next 18 to 24 months.
Glenn Cohen: It probably helps us 20, 30 basis points at the beginning part of the year but I think it's going to all balance out when we're all set and done. So again we remain comfortable with the guidance range that we've put out.
Glenn Cohen: It's probably not a lot Mike. To be honest, I mean it really was happening as rent commencements are a key driver for us in the same-site growth because again like cash bit. So the rents are really starting to flow and you see that of the 3.8% same-site growth for the quarter, 3% of it or 80% of the number is really coming from the minimum rent law. So that's more of the driver, I mean the Toys "R" Us has modest impact at this point, it's more of the back half that's in there.
Glenn Cohen: I would just add that. The demand for the Toy boxes we've been pleasantly surprised that they're being back filled by a single user, so when you look at the CapEx net effective rents it does benefit and accelerate the RCBs the recommends the days when you have a single user battling that box and so for the first round of leases that we've done they've single users coming out of those boxes which is a nice benefit to see.
Glenn Cohen: We did try to get out of it and change our compensation plan to address it but there're obviously things that going to pointed out that it doesn't capture just the leasing side of it.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again the gap is widening primarily because the toys are up liquidation, so you have the good news is that we've least the boxes. The bad news at the moment is that with the rents not flowing for same site purposes, so you have is winding that's occurred. The gap will probably stay this wide during the second half of the year because as we go into the third quarter, you're going to have more leases that move more toys boxes that came back us in the third quarter and then it's a matter of the lease up that's going to go with it, so the more leasing that actually gets done but why do that gap is going to be until we test thoughts flowing.
Glenn Cohen: Correct. And then on your second part I'm going to turn it over to David terms of the timing on the leases getting done with the tenants.
Glenn Cohen: Again the primary focus for us is to continue to improve overall net debt to EBITDA. We were very opportunistic buying the stock back at under $15 a share as I mentioned 10% FFO yields, 77 dividend yields, so we'll watch what cost of the capital is. Again, we also just announced that we're going to pay off our $300 million dollars bond, so we're going to use cash to help bring those debt levels down, so it's really washing with quite a bit of capital is to where that stock prices and then trying to do best capital allocation as we see fit.
Glenn Cohen: We've used probably that half of it so far then in the balance of the probably good use we go to the rest of the toy boxes, so we still feel comfortable that we are credible levels off of the year are really the appropriate level.
Glenn Cohen: Well, it's not actually going to reenter the pool in 2019 we removed it, so we can keep focused on the continental U.S. is the same site pool and if you look at our same site pool is probably the largest most complete fool of pretty much anyone there's only an asset in total that are not in the same cycle today several of those are Puerto Rico assets but in terms of operations Puerto Rico has performed pretty well. Our occupancy level is back to where it was prior to the hurricane. The guys and our team have done a tremendous job getting the properties back in shape and we've actually benefited from the fact that we actually had capital and people on the ground to repair those properties quickly where some of the other retail property owners really just didn't have the access to the capital or the really the product kind of fits their properties up, so we've really been able to benefit from some further lease up.
Conor Flynn: Well, you're right, I did go into detail about the impact of the Toys. We'll have to see how that PropCo auction plays out still. But we feel actually very comfortable in the high end of our 2% to 2.5% range. As you've seen in our operating fundamentals that the leasing volume continues to be near all-time highs, but that is the real focus of us is continuing to look at the back half of the year and continuing to push that.
Conor Flynn: Yes, I would just add that of the 15 OpCo leases that we have control over, almost half of them are already PropCo [ph], so we feel really good about the momentum we have going there.
Conor Flynn: Those are primarily properties that we acquired during last year, Craig. That's pretty much outside of Puerto Rico. That's really what it is driving that.
Conor Flynn: Alex, we feel very comfortable with our capital plan to fund everything we're looking to do in 2019 with the plan we have in place with no Albertsons monetization whatsoever because the EBITDA will come online, it will improve the dividend coverage not the way we're running the business. We're focused on running the business not having a investment that we don't control the monetization of impacting that.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Similar I referenced earlier is that on our page in terms of new lease fields and cost associated with those is really inductive of what's in the population on a quarter-over-quarter basis, so it will vary as a result of that in this quarter for example we executed more anchor releases them prior quarter, so you'll see an elevation in terms of number of deals and GLA executed compared to Q1 which will have an impact on the numbers as well but as I reference in the non-comp new leases it is elevated at $36 this quarter driven by specific deals, you strip those out and you back to $21 which is in line with trailing four, actually slightly below that. So on a go forward basis, we continue to see our deal cost remaining pretty much where they been historically.
Conor Flynn: No, we have modified it somewhat that will be able to continue to capitalize some of those costs but they're other cost that are much part of the capital is a lot of legal costs that we're able to capitalists is that you won't be able to under the lease accounting and you can have less all of the costs that we have today so in total I mean again we're primarily a very internal leasing organization again as I mentioned I think there is an $8 million to $11 million impact in total for the year.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yes, the occupancy was average out right at 96%, so they're primarily stabilized assets as it was previously mentioned I mean there's good quality assets there outside of markets that we view as long-term growth markets for us and may not have the redevelopment or value add potential that our coastal portfolio, our portfolio in Texas and a couple of other select markets have which is why we've ultimately decided to exit those but that the quality is fine and tenancy is stable in many cases good credit, so the demand has been there. The better pools have been relatively deep more so than we saw in 2017 AV is sort of right around or slightly below the average of the remainder of the portfolio so you're seeing a slight uptick based upon the dispositions in the go forward portfolio but overall within the portfolio there were there's no real distress remaining even the disposition that we're selling are well stabilized solid assets.
Conor Flynn: Yes, so the cap rate to the first half we're is still on the low end of that 7.5% to 8% range and we continue to see that at the low to mid point of cap rate range going forward.
Conor Flynn: There were still trading at a sizeable discount to net asset value, so it obviously still is a piece of the capital allocation plan that we have, now we have plenty of opportunity to utilize that.
David Jamieson: Yes, and thanks, Glenn. As we have reiterated on past calls, the demand side for the Toys"R"Us boxes continue to be very, very strong. And as Conor referenced, we have almost half of those resolved in the OpCo entity. And we continue to pre-lease the PropCos in the case we do actually recapture some of those boxes. And we've seen excellent activity on those that we just recaptured this quarter as well. So we feel very comfortable with where we stand today in terms of the demand side of this, and see it as a positive outcome longer-term.
David Jamieson: This is Dave. So I'll take the first one and the second. So with the first one we have year-over-year the economic occupancy is higher, so you're spot-on on that, it's helped with the recovery income. We'll continue to see that trend on a go-forward basis. As it relates to the TI dollars and the contributions, in general, we haven't seen a change in deal costs. It's not as if the tenants themselves are demanding more to induce them to come into our centers. It's really driven by the population of the tenancy at any give point in time. So when you look at our operating real estate lease summary sheet, on the new lease side you'll see on this quarter it's actually around $13.10, while the trailing four quarters was about $15. So we're right in line there, actually a little bit less. On the non-Comp side it is elevated a little bit this quarter, really driven by two specific deals that were value-creation deals. If you less those out we'd be at $21 a foot, which falls below our trailing four quarters, so we're still pretty much in line with where we'd expect to be.
David Jamieson: No, I'd say -- this is Dave. The higher quality portfolio is clearly starting to showcase its benefits. The higher occupancy it's driven by accelerated lease up of the vacancies. Those vacancies are typically vacant less time as opposed to those sites that we've sold in the past. In addition, our retention rates are higher as well, so that's obviously a big contributor to maintaining an increase in your occupancy quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. So that's where we see a massive improvement in terms of our occupancy rates.
David Jamieson: You really see the boost coming from the growing economy. And the small shops are really driven by either local entrepreneurs, franchisees. And that's really where the -- and then also we've seen a big boost from medical, from fitness, from health and wellness, from service, and from restaurants. And so those areas of the economy are booming and they continue to really drive the occupancy growth in our small shops.
David Jamieson: Yes, in terms of the choice, we're going to see and generally I think that timely leases has maintain itself historically as what we've seen with choice 18 to 24 months as it relates to the other anchor leases, we continue to see between a leasing an executed an opening on the sat around 10 months.
Raymond Edwards: Hi. This is Ray. With respect to the Albertsons and Rite Aid transaction, for us, at least on the Albertsons side they are really performing really well. The last two -- they've got two straight quarters of same-store comp growth. This last quarter they beat the EBITDA with $44 million above last year's. And they're really trending very well. So to the extent that if Rite Aid shareholders don't approve the transaction, I think we're very well suited for the company going forward to take other opportunities. You saw today the transaction with SUPERVALU. There's been a lot of consolidation in the grocery business on the wholesale side. But I think there's a lot of opportunities going forward for Albertsons, and we'll just keep our head down and keep making money on that end and work it out as you go forward. But I think Glenn also wants to talk about the capital part.
Raymond Edwards: And our disposition plan for '19 will not be impacted one way or the other, so that wouldn't impact our desire or need to ramp up dispos in '19.
Raymond Edwards: Yes, I mean -- this is Ray, I mean the reason for the timing of doing perspective, it isn't really procedurally, they have to get your approval on the final okay from the SEC of what they will file the S-4, they had to negotiate that. It took a couple of weeks long than they thought and they felt instead of giving 30 days get like 40 odd days for the vote to happen. It's just the decision they made, they really think middle July or early August kind of rounding and timing, it was nothing else than that.
