David Bujnicki: Thanks Dan. Thank you all for joining Kimco's fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, CEO; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that may differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our Web site. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. We request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Dan, you may take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Thanks Dan. To everyone that participated on our call today, as a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that's also posted to our Web site. Have a good day today.
Dave Henry: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are very happy to top-off a great year with solid fourth quarter financial results and operating metrics. Our strong portfolio of fundamentals were led by same-site NOI growth exceeding 4% for the second straight quarter and reaching our highest portfolio occupancies since early 2008. Small shop occupancy also showed a sharp increase as local stores and small national retailers recover from the recession and proceed with their expansion plans. While retailers in general achieved mixed results in 2014, discounters and service-oriented tenants such as health clubs and restaurants continue their aggressive growth in the phase of a shrinking inventory of retail space. As a result, effective rents are climbing in our portfolio and across the entire open air shopping center sector. Lower gas prices, accelerating household formation and continued limited development activity all bode well for the shopping center industry fundamentals in 2015. The omni-channel sales approach is increasingly being embraced by national retailers with e-commerce success depending on brick and mortar stores providing market presence, product showrooms and fulfillment capabilities. Amazon and many other Internet retailers will indeed be leasing retail space in the coming years. Glenn and Conor will cover many of the financial and operating specifics in their comments today. But, I would like to highlight several prominent successes. First, we have now essentially completed our exit from Latin America with favorable cap rates somewhat offset by declining currency exchange rates. Second, after lengthy negotiations we reached agreement and on Monday closed and acquired the remaining 2/3rds ownership of the Kimco Blackstone portfolio of 39 high-quality retail properties. And finally, early last week Kimco together with its consortium partners led by Cerberus completed the acquisition and merger and of Safeway with Albertsons and various other prominent grocers including Shaw's, Jewel, ACME and United Supermarkets comprising more than 2,200 stores. Kimco will hold slightly less than 10% of the merged operating companies and related real estate approximately 50% of which is owned real-estate. As outlined in our earnings release, we have also substantially upgraded our U.S. portfolio with disposition of 91 shopping centers in 2014, while also acquiring 60 high-quality properties during the same period. While our recycling and upgrading strategy is not unique the scale of our actions in 2014 exceeded our peers and the resulting improved demographics and rent metrics of our portfolio are substantial noteworthy and promised to deliver excellent future growth. Looking at our Canadian operations and responding to related inquiries, our occupancy remains very strong at 96% and we are fortunate to have the full guarantee of Targets U.S. parent for all nine of our Targets stores in Canada. Canadian Tire, Cosco, Wal-mart, Home Depot and Metro Grocery stores have all expressed interest in some of our target locations. And it is quite possible that we will end up with stronger tenants and a significant financial settlement from Target USA. Separately, while the lower Canadian dollar does impact property level NOI, we estimate $0.02 for 2015 at current levels. Our initial investment in Canada remains hedged through Canadian dollar mortgages on the individual properties and our Canadian dollar denominated bonds. In addition, our local operating partners continue to do an excellent job leasing and managing the properties. Property values and prices also remain at historic high levels in Canada due to strong demand from pension funds and other institutional investors. During the quarter as Glenn will note we monetized one more Canadian preferred equity investment at a substantial gain. Overall and moving forward across our entire portfolio, it is clear that our emphasis will be on investing capital in our own properties through redevelopment and expansions complemented with several selective new ground-up projects. Conor will discuss in detail these plans, but we are pleased with our progress in growing this pipeline and the associated accretive economics. The third-party acquisition market for high-quality properties is heated and very competitive. As a result wherever possible we continue to purchase the equity interest of our institutional partners when they choose to monetize their investments. In these situations, we have a distinct advantage due to our knowledge and long-term management of the assets coupled with a potential savings in terms of transfer taxes, brokerage fees and mortgage assumption costs. Given the portfolio upgrade, we have completed to-date an improving industry fundamentals. We feel very positive about 2015. Now, I would like to turn to Glenn and Conor with Milton batting clean-up as usual.
Dave Henry: Well, there is certainly a scenario we would consider it. And we do think there continues to be a difference between properties on the private market and how us as a public company are valuing. We think the implied cap rate of our stock is much too high compared to the high-quality properties that are being traded out there on the private markets. So there certainly is an arbitrage that exits out there. But as you know, M&A in our sector is difficult basically there is a process, you end up paying their bankers, your bankers, their accounts, your accounts. These deals are fully shopped. And yes, we have experienced doing it. We have done five over the last I think 15 years and we are proud of those. And we certainly continue to look at opportunities. We are focused however on if we do M&A on portfolios that will enhance the quality of our own portfolio. So the inventory of public portfolios out there that we attract our interest is narrower than perhaps it would have been in the past when we looked at all kinds of the yield. So we will see what happens over time and if things become imply we certainly look. I think it's known that we together with others looked at AmREIT which met that high-quality profile about it. It is noteworthy that a private buyer bought it.
Dave Henry: We continue to have some discussions with some that are interested. So I wouldn't say it's – that we are completely finished. But the bigger ones as we have talked – as we mentioned in the past have told us they like to hold for the long-term. But we are talking to some of the others.
Dave Henry: We certainly take a look at what we have in Canada and what we should do with what we have in Canada. One of the problems we have had as we have mentioned on these calls over the years is growing what we have had properties prices up there are exceptionally high. And we have taken advantage of it in modest ways. We have continued to monetize our preferred equity investments while we have sold quite a few properties in Canada. But, together with some of our partners we have put properties on the market up there. So I think it's more likely than not that you will see our exposure and our investment platform in Canada to go down over time rather than stay the same.
Dave Henry: Definitely the driver and if you think about it, it was a wonderful opportunity for us because there was no broker involved. We could assume the mortgages without any additional costs. We minimized the transfer taxes and we were able to do a negotiated transaction with Blackstone. And so that those opportunities don't come along a lot and $900 million certainly drive us being a net acquirer in the face of very high third-party acquisition prices. So you are right in general but it's just that the Blackstone deal fell right into this year.
Dave Henry: Let me just add one thing. Although we – there is not a lot of actual sign pre-leases in some of these occasions before we went ahead we knew we had the tenant interest. So we talked to tenants. We knew exactly who wanted to go where before we went ahead with these deals. So yes, technically there is not a basket full of signed leases, but we had the indications from the tenants that they wanted to be in these locations especially Houston and Dania.
Dave Henry: I think – certainly think it's fair to say that after six years of virtually no development that there are the green shots out there and especially led by the specialty grocers like Whole Foods, you are beginning to see more development. But these are generally a smaller projects and still just a fraction of the number shopping centers that we have developed, at the peak we were developing 2000 shopping centers a year in the United States and so may be it's gone from 100 to a 200 or 300 now, but it still a small fraction. And nobody to my knowledge is doing these million square foot lifestyle all spec centers that take years to get the entitlements. So I think the inventory is going to be limited, but certainly there has been a turning point and the economics are now justifying new construction in selective markets.
Dave Henry: And just to put in perspective though because of our large scale all those stores they amount to a total of 170,000 square feet, I know it's a really tiny piece to a puzzle.
Dave Henry: I think your term a little bit of pick up is the right term. We just don't see any V-shape to the recovery of development. There was so many difficulties with so many large projects that got caught and talked on the financial prices that going into large scale development much of which is spec is exceptionally hard. And the economics still aren't there. In many markets rents still aren't back to the levels they were six, seven years ago. So it's very hard to make the numbers work and construction financing is very limited. It's just much tougher in our sector to get going again in major developments. So I think you will see a little bit of a U-turn here with development in our sector and you are beginning to see some of it. But again, we are a long way off, years off from major, major addition to supply. It's interesting that retail per capita in the U.S. has actually come down. I mean that's the first time it's happened in a long, long time.
Dave Henry: Yes. Again, well, guidance is a range, right? We have run various scenarios some with, some without equity. But, yes, I mean if we don't issue equity you will definitely have upside in those numbers. But, again, we have to balance that with our debt metrics and our desire to maintain our credit ratings where they are.
Dave Henry: And remember market rents are moving for us as occupancies get to these peak level for everybody market rents are jumping a bit. So that will continue to help as well.
Dave Henry: I would just add maybe Michael Bilerman who certainly has been one of the stronger proponents of making sure there is a consistent measurement for non-dedicated REIT investors to look at. So that's why NAREIT has been so adamant. That if you are going to give guidance on something make sure you also give guidance on the official. Yes, there is only one official SEC approved definition of FFO. And so that's why we have started to give guidance as well as the recurring guidance. If you listen to David Simmons call, he was particularly adamant about it. We want to attract non-dedicated REIT investors to our space. So if we can do our part with giving guidance on the official definition we are going to do that.
GlennCohen: Well, again, you have $925 million that we closed on already this week. So you have the bulk of it that's done that way. We will continue to look for some work. But, I would say that balance of its really going to be one-off transactions that we find probably on an off market basis that might be an asset or two that we can buy out. But, we have done the bulk of that heavy lifting I think go in our – buying out large joint venture partners that are willing to part with their assets that's the norm.
GlennCohen: And on the leasing spread side, we baked in high-single digits. So pretty similar to what we saw for this year.
GlennCohen: I think you probably still have it on the low to mid 7s because some of its going to be the – we have a couple of assets that are still remaining in Mexico when you blended all together, so a combined probably 7.5-ish range.
GlennCohen: But, I think Richard in terms of modeling again; we are being very, very disciplined and careful about where we are acquiring that. To think that we are going to put on $300 million, $400 million a year, I don't think that's the case. The projects there is not that many of them that come along. I mean as Conor mentioned Christina property we have been working on for 6 years. And so this is an example. So I think it's going to be more limited than that.
GlennCohen: We have been monitoring for the past couple of years. We heard during the fall of last year a lot of the mall retailers were having issues, especially the ones that are dealing with the teams, they are not going to the malls any more. So they are getting hurt. And so [indiscernible] and folks like that are being struggling. I'm not seeing that with our shop space tenants at all, it's been very strong on that so we are pretty comfortable on our end that we are not going to see a fall like that.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It's a good question. The first thing to note is that the two companies will operate business as usual as they go through the FTC process. So as we look out the next three years we have clearly 42 sites that are just coming due. The good thing is that the boxes that these office supply users occupy are in the highest demand in terms of our shopping center space. So 98.3% occupancy in our boxes over 10,000 square feet. And these boxes have come up in the next three years. They are about 10% to 15% below market. So we do believe that they are going to analyze a strategy if they are approved by the FTC that will then clarify what their needs are going forward. But, we believe this is a nice opportunity for us to continue to add specialty grocers to our shopping centers where we can increase our percentage of ABRs from a grocery component. And there is plenty of demand for all the TJX concepts, Ross, Bed Bath & Beyond concepts. If you think about these are boxes that once you add up a dynamic retailer that will cause more traffic it should have a trickle down effect that will impact and enhance the residual shopping center. So we look at it as a net positive, but at the end of the day, as a landlord you are always sad to see another retailer combine because it's one left that it's going to be bidding on that space when it comes available. So even though it's probably necessary for that sector, we do like to think the more retailers is better for us.
Glenn Cohen: I think that's probably a common range in terms of going forward, you will still see the tenant improvement allowance and landlord work range from third quarter to fourth quarter and that is going forward for 2015. That being said, we are getting close to our stabilization point of occupancy, so when new leases come in unless it's a transformative used where we are going from a soft good player to a grocery box or a say a bank branch to a restaurant that's where you really see the up tick in the cost that you need to reposition those boxes and that's probably what's driving that up tick in the fourth quarter because we did execute a number of grocery deals as well as restaurant deals.
Glenn Cohen: Well, what I would say is, we had this big opportunity to buy out our Blackstone joint venture which is over $900 million that is the bulk of it. If you look at the balance of what we are doing, we are talking about selling at a mid-point roughly $650 million of assets and acquiring on the other side of that somewhere around another $300 million to $400 million of assets. So again, as Dave mentioned you have a pretty heated market. We are trying to find really good opportunities. But being very disciplined about what we are acquiring. I mean the Blackstone joint venture is the driver.
Glenn Cohen: I would also just add that our disposition is a lot smaller this year. So when you think of it, we are coming off of a very large disposition year and that tails off because we are nearing the completion of the repositioning.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It should be pretty similar. I mean again, as Conor mentioned we were trying to get close to our stabilized level of occupancy so those costs should maintain themselves. We'll have to see a little bit what happens with snow removal. But, outside of that it should be pretty consistent.
Glenn Cohen: We have 68 RadioShack properties. I can tell you this, last month in January; RadioShack only paid rent on some of the stores. And those are the ones that they thought they want to keep going forward. I think all but two of our stores we got the rent paid. We have been talking with them for the past year as I said we are going to close 200 stores and then we are going to close 1500 stores and most of our stores are not on that list to close. So we are pretty confident that the bulk of that 15 and 2000 stores will be in the open air centers. And a lot of them will be ours. So I think for me – I'm excited that new opportunities are going to come in bring Sprint in there and do a lot of good things in the stores. But, and it looks like as Conor said early on we have had an increase in our small shop based about 280 basis points. So there is a lot of demand, they have good locations, so the ones we get back; I think we will do pretty well with.
Glenn Cohen: No. I think we run our business based on our recurring flows. I mean NAREIT is very focused on headline that's their desire. We run our business and we determine our dividend based on our recurring flows. So we have provided both because we were request to, but we run our business on a recurring.
Conor Flynn: Yes. In our plan we anticipate redevelopments to have 25 to 40 basis point impact on our same-site NOI growth.
Conor Flynn: No. It's not lower yield. It's actually timing because we are talking as the redevelopment can't mature actually you take off sites that you are taking down because you have to take that income off. So we actually have a number of assets that I talked about $200 million or so coming on line. But then, as you look at our pipeline, we actually are taking off quite a bit as well. So if you add that to the benefits, it averages out to about 25 to 40 bps of improvement on same-site NOI.
Conor Flynn: No problem. Let me walk you through them. The first one Wynnewood, Pennsylvania that was a forward commitment where we actually purchased the property with an executed Whole Foods lease. So it was in essence a ground-up development where we had the Whole Foods lease in place before closing on the land. And it's again in an area where we want to continue to control on the main line. Christina, Delaware that site was actually a six-year labor of love where we were actually working with Sears originally to entitle the project as a JV partner. And then co-develop it going forward. Well – and the entitlements obviously came to a fruition, Sears did no longer wanted participate in the ground-up development process because of the cash involved. So we were able to execute a purchase option for us and take them out of it, so now we are going to be owning that 100% in developing it going forward. We have been working in that project for a number of years as I said. And we are very confident in the rental – the retailer interest going forward. Grand Parkway that site again is a long – the Grand Parkway site in Houston, it's in a perfect location where if you look at the spacing from all of our retailers, its' really positioned nicely to take advantage of not only the new Parkway that's going to be completed but it also has the new Exxon-Mobil campus coming out of the ground and Woodland is a very affluent, very highly educated pocket of population in Houston. And I think we will really drive significant retailer interest and we have already been seeing more demand even from retailers that have been dormant for a number of years are looking at this site as a real opportunity to get a piece of this new development. And then Dania is an adjacent site next to our 100% leased Oakwood Plaza. This is a Fort Lauderdale Airport really a site that will own from Fort Lauderdale Airport all the way down to Highwood, Florida. So I-95 will be controlled by us really for 3 miles. And we think we have significant synergies by controlling the adjacent parcel. And looking at doing complementary uses that we believe will really enhance our existing position and be a signature asset for us going forward. So each of those ground up development have a very specific story and that's why we believe it's a prudent time to step back into the ground of development process because we have been very reluctant at paying sub-5 caps for signature assets. And if we can develop to a 7% or 8% in a key market where we know we are going to own long-term. We think that we can control the process and feel very comfortable with – in 2017 and 2018 bringing these projects on.
Conor Flynn: Let me take the first one on the markets. We very strategically identified our key markets and we want to stay to that map. We always analyzed demographics to see if there is an additional key market that we should be interested in going forward. But for the time being, we feel very dedicated to our map and our key markets and that's where we have been focusing on both for acquisitions, redevelopment and ground-up development. And the question on the grocery versus power center, we like both, we actually think there is a little bit of misprice on the power center right now because of the opportunity to add a grocery component to a power center. So if that opportunity presents itself, we usually jump at it and try and work with adding a grocery component and get that cap rate compression.
Conor Flynn: As long as the interest environment stays relatively stable, I think we will continue to see the demand there. So we feel pretty comfortable with that assumption.
Conor Flynn: Sure. The first one on the square footage, it really depends on the discounter that you are talking about Saks Off Fifth for example is going a little bit larger than say your prototypical TJX or Ross. They are looking for closer to 30,000 to 40,000 square feet. Now, that being said because the competition is so significant to get into certain assets they are willing to go down to 20,000 to 25,000 square feet. So we still continue to see that range of 20,000 to 30,000 square feet as being the sweet spot for the op price discounter. TJX has gone a little bit smaller from 25,000 to 22,000. Ross continues to be right about the same square footage. But, we think that that's really the sweet spot for the discounter today as they try and figure out how to get the most sales out of their box and continue to refine their business model. And as for Kmart redevelopments, it really depends on the assets where its located, what's the best use for the surrounding community. And what's really going to drive the most sales for that shopping center. If you got a single box Kmart that you are redeveloping, my preference is typically to probably chop it up and do a number of different retailers because then you can really enhance the surrounding retailer. The retailer that – so if you can add a grocery concept to it your small shop will then pick-up on that significant traffic increase. And again, the junior acre space today is probably the most active in terms of our industry and when we look at Kmart boxes the demand for the juniors are really what's driving the rents and really what's driving the growth there. So for us it's been a mix but I would say that going forward it will still be drawn a lot of junior box interests.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I would agree with Glenn and I would just add to that that the apartment developers are driving land prices up so significantly that that retail is still probably going to be muted in terms of ground-up development going forward. It's going to have to be a very selective cases for what make sense going forward.
Conor Flynn: It's really case-by-case on which retailer you are talking about, if it's a pure outlet player that's still loves to be in the outlet center then I think that's still their preference. We are starting to see the bleed happen where typically you would use to see Saks Off Fifth only going in an outlet concept where now they were really active in terms of going to our open air shopping centers. The theme I would say for the Bloomingdale's outlet concept and the Neiman Marcus last call. So Nordstrom Rack has always been a player in our space, so that one is not new. But, I do see that those others are now becoming very, very interested in it, in addition to the Nike outlet and a few others. So that I would say is the starting point, I'm not sure if it's going to fall, it would be a continuous trend and have all the outlets look to it to relocate. But, at pricing where significant – the operating cost in an outlet center today are significant, we can offer a pretty big discount to that.
Conor Flynn: I would agree our watch list is continuing to shrink I think RadioShack and the office supply sector has been on everybody's radar for a long, long time. And we feel very comfortable with the lease roll over and the opportunity to backfill those spaces that significantly improved rents.
Conor Flynn: I would just add that the super anchors are really the driver behind a lot of the development in the last cycle. And when you look at the super anchors today Wal-mart is expanding their smaller footprint with their neighborhood concept. If you look at Target, they are expanding their express concept to smaller footprint. Home Depot is not really doing anything new. So a lot of the guys that were out there that were really buying either a piece of land or ground leasing a big portion of a slide to make it feasible are no longer in the game. So if you take them out of the playing field, it's really going to be muted for the next few years. And then we will start to see a tick back up.
Conor Flynn: No. We do agree with that assumption that that's really what's going to drive it to 3% plus. And this year as the bridge year, we are focused on delivering 3% to 3.5% of same-site NOI and then 2016 and 2017 is actually when a lot of our leases mature that are significantly below market. So we think that's going to be a nice mark-to-market opportunity just to continue our growth either occupancy hits stabilization. You couple that with our redevelopment program and that's really what we are excited about a lot in the potential. Because our low ABR has grown significantly and we continue to think that that's a nice upside for us going forward.
Conor Flynn: I think that Houston has done a pretty good job in diversifying their economy. So clearly it's still tied closely to the – with oil prices. But the Exxon-Mobil campus is fully funded. It's consolidating all their offices. They are going to have over 12,000 employees there. These are all highly educated affluent workers. Woodland is the hardest area in terms of Texas and housing prices maybe average house stays on the market there about for a week before it's gobbled up. And we continue to see occupancy hit all time high in Houston. Our retail occupancy in Houston is higher than our portfolio average and we think that there is huge demand for retailers to continue to expand there. And the Grand Parkway is a new outer loop of Houston, so if you think of where the growth has gone Woodland is actually outside of the Grand Parkway. So the Grand Parkway is almost like in-field location that has the highest income in dense area of Woodlands outside of it. So it's actually starting to fill-in nicely. So with that, we feel very comfortable with the investment in the spacing of the retailers.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Just as a note, our JV platform was originally developed so that we could access cheaper cost of capital, so we can go after the higher quality assets. So in general as a footnote the JV properties were and have historically a higher quality property than our core portfolio. But, as we consolidated it, many of those properties are in our Tier-1 portfolio now. And as we analyze the JV buyouts, we continue to run our filters through to see which one has fall into our Tier-1 bucket and which one has fall into our Tier-2 bucket, which would then be sold-off. So it's really a fine approach to analyzing not only the asset that we can potentially acquire. But the good thing is as we continue to manage all these assets we know them inside now have a very good idea what we want to do it as soon as we get the opportunity to control it.
