Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor and good morning, all. I'd like to quickly reflect on 2023 before sharing some perspective on the year ahead. As Conor noted, the leasing environment for our asset class was very positive in 2023 but volatility in the capital markets significantly muted transaction activity. Through the first 3 quarters of '23, underwriting was difficult and lender financing was inconsistent at best. That said, Kimco successfully turned the sluggish environment into opportunity. Using our advantageous liquidity position and balance sheet, we were able to acquire several joint venture partnership interests, a new signature series asset in Stonebridge at Potomac Town Center and an exciting portfolio via the acquisition of RPT Realty. In our view, these were timely deals that would price more aggressively in the current market. In the fourth quarter, sentiment began to improve with the 10-year treasury dropping more than 100 basis points and currently hovering in the 4% range. This created renewed optimism, a more vibrant financing market, additional deal flow before year-end and a further increase in activity at the start of 2024. We were able to take advantage of the more positive environment, selling 3 challenged joint venture sites in our portfolio in December. We also provided mezzanine financing for a new partner before year-end and now anticipate potentially pursuing additional structured investments with the same group. Turning to 2024; we are confident that the healthy fundamentals in open-air retail, coupled with a more favorable macroeconomic backdrop will present opportunities that we can leverage to enhance our performance and success. We will continue to primarily focus on sourcing off-market and core grocery-anchored shopping centers that become available. On the structured investment side, we expect additional investment opportunity for preferred equity and mezzanine financing for high-quality real estate. The stabilizing of interest rates and improvements in the capital markets should lead to more opportunities stemming from acquisition financing of new deals and debt paydowns on maturing loans. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach with these investments and as such, we expect them to be bespoke investments with unique attributes. On the RPT dispositions, as previously indicated, there are a select group of assets that do not align with Kimco's long-term geographic and/or growth targets. We have initiated the strategic process of trimming these properties from our portfolio and we are confident that we will successfully execute on this plan, predominantly in the first half of the year. To provide a bit more context, we aim to sell between $250 million to $350 million of former RPT centers at a blended low to mid-8% cap rate in that timeframe. It's worth noting that the blended cap rate of the RPT properties being sold matches the cap rate for which we acquired the entire company, further cementing our belief that RPT is and will continue to be an extremely successful acquisition for Kimco. In 2024, we have already closed on our first RPT disposition in Carmel, Indiana, within this cap rate range. As part of the disposition structure, we retained a piece of the capital stack in the form of mezzanine financing. This not only helps to ensure a successful transaction but also presents an opportunity for Kimco to earn an attractive yield at a safe basis in a passive structure while focusing our team's efforts on our core properties and markets. You will likely see us structure additional transactions in a similar manner. And to be clear, this is factored into the 2024 guidance that we've provided this morning. We are excited about the prospects for 2024 and look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress. Now off to Glenn for the financial results and full year outlook.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Happy to take that. The dispositions that we've outlined in the first half of the year represent, I would say, the vast majority of the dispositions that we have planned. Like we always do, we'll continue to monitor the assets, see how they perform, see where there's growth, where there's risk. And we may look to prune additional assets in the future as we would with any Kimco asset. But once we complete these, we'll feel like we've really taken care of the bulk of the immediate needs on that front. As it relates to the acquisition cap rates, I would say that really is a blend between cap rates on true sort of core grocery acquisitions as well as our structured program. So when you put those 2 together, we're very confident that we'll be able to achieve turns that really minimize any sort of dilution and continue to enhance and grow our FFO accretion as we go forward.
Ross Cooper: Yes, sure. Happy to take that. I think when you look at our disposition guidance for this year in the cap rate, it is on a very select portfolio of assets geographically as we've talked about, are primarily in the Midwest. More boxy, lower growth, potentially higher CapEx in the future. So when you look at the specifics, I don't necessarily think it's indicative of where cap rates are trading for a product across the board. It's clearly selective to geography, format type, whether or not there's a grocery component. So from that perspective, this is sort of a one-off unique year for us. And frankly, it was all baked into the plan and the underwriting with the RPT transaction. So this is very much on target and expectation for us.
Ross Cooper: Yes, I'm happy to take that. I think when you look at the fundamentals of our business and why we're so bullish, it is because the challenges of penciling on new development are significant. We estimate, based upon what we've seen in costs and land values, that to develop a new shopping center today, you're well north of $400 a square foot. In many cases, $450 to $500 square foot. So when you think about the yields that any developer would reasonably require, your ABRs really need to be $35 to $40 a foot on average to pencil a new development. When you think about the replacement cost of the shopping centers that we own and the rents that we have, in many cases, we could be half of where replacement cost is today. So from that perspective, it's hard to envision that there's going to be any meaningful new development in the near term and it makes you very comfortable with the rents that we have in place today and our opportunity to continue to push that.
Ross Cooper: Yes, the guidance is the vast majority of RPT dispositions. We always have some smaller land parcels and clean-up items but it's primarily in a meaningful way RPT. As I mentioned before, once we complete these dispositions in the first half of the year, we believe that we've successfully executed on the plan. And then on a go-forward basis, we'll just look at pruning as we do any Kimco asset that reaches the end of its life cycle.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Again, like anything else, again, a good portion of it is really driven by increases in minimum rents, that's the primary driver. And then you'll have a small amount that's in there for credit loss. Credit loss for the most part should be pretty similar, as I mentioned, to 2023. And then there is some lease-up that's built into it as well. So those are really the primary drivers.
Glenn Cohen: I can just add just a little bit in terms of some of those headwinds that Conor was mentioning. We're still dealing a little bit with the fair market value amortization related to the Weingarten bonds. That's about another $8 million difference for this year. So that's a little over $0.01. So that's 1 thing that's certainly impacting us. Again, as I mentioned, if you look at the lease termination income, again, it's pretty modest in terms of what's built into the guidance versus the $7 million that we had last year. And again, we were benefiting also from a pretty significant amount of interest income, that's going to come off. So if you put all together, you have somewhere around $0.02 or $0.03 of headwind. But again, the portfolio is in great shape and we expect to be able to grow here.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Craig. I would say, again, things that can get you to the upper end of the range, we have a credit loss range, that 75 to 100 basis points. So if credit loss comes in better than that, that's definitely a help. That 75 to 100 basis point range is between $16 million and $22 million. So again, improved credit loss is an opportunity to help get there. Clearly, the timing of the acquisitions and dispositions plays into this as well. As we mentioned, the dispositions are more front loaded where the redeployment of that capital is more back-end loaded. If the timing of that shift is clearly an opportunity to further improve towards the upper end of the guidance.
Glenn Cohen: Michael, the redevelopment spend is somewhere between $100 million and $150 million. It's pretty similar to where it's been running really for the last few years and we continue to look for any place we can because that's -- it's really an area of great return for us. We wind up in high single digits, sometimes low double digits on those redevelopments. But that's the range right now.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean it has a minor impact. Remember, the overall part of the portfolio, 92% of the portfolio is all the Kimco assets. So it doesn't have a major impact to it. Really, the bulk of the growth is really coming from the legacy Kimco assets today. It does have some impact. Again, as Dave mentioned, their SNO pipeline is 570 basis points, it's about $12 million. So there is some of that $12 million that we're expecting to come online during the year as well.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Yes. As I mentioned, there's definitely more optimism in the marketplace as the rate volatility has come down a little bit. There have been an uptick of assets that have been introduced to the market. We're seeing it each day. And anecdotally, speaking with brokers, they're seeing more activity. They're doing a lot more ELVs, broker opinions of value. So it's indicative that there are a lot of groups that are out there that are contemplating, bringing assets to the market if they haven't already. From our perspective, what we've seen that's interesting. There are several larger assets that are on the market that tend to have fewer viable all-cash buyers. So any time we're looking at making acquisitions or investments, we try to think about where is our strategic advantage. And there is a lot of capital that is bidding on grocery-anchored neighborhood shopping centers. There are fewer buyers that are capable of taking down a larger asset like the Stonebridge deal that we bought last summer that the team is extremely excited about as long-term redevelopment opportunity but it's a larger size that makes it more difficult for an all-cash buyer. So that's a lot of what we're looking to do. It's a similar playbook that we've taken on in the last couple of years. As it relates to the structured investments, we have seen an increase in conversations. We have a couple of deals that are currently in the pipeline, hopefully, a few more that are behind it. So we're very confident in the guidance that we put out and now it's our job to execute on that.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. I mean it's always been part of our capital plan and our strategy to monetize Albertsons. It's part of our overall capital plan and we feel we can obviously redeploy those proceeds better than what that current dividend is. So that's part of it. And really, for us, we'd rather retain the capital. We think we can make good use of $225 million, again towards additional investment and a combination of additional investment and debt reduction.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it would have been lower by 10 basis points in total, when you include the RPT. When you include RPT, the overall impact of RPT on occupancy starting the year is about negative 10 basis points.
Conor Flynn: Yes, happy to take that one and I appreciate the question. That is the targeted FFO growth for the year ahead. Clearly, that's below the longer-term growth rate that we're anticipating for the company of between 3% to 5%. And when you look at the components of the FFO growth for this year, we do have a few onetime headwind items impacting us this year. But overall, the strength of the portfolio, the strength of the platform continues to shine. I mean, obviously, everyone's dealing with headwinds from increased interest expense but we've prefunded and taken out all the maturities for this year and believe if the momentum continues, the growth rate should continue to accelerate. Obviously, that growth rate for this year is above last year and we think that, that should continue to accelerate in this environment.
Conor Flynn: Yes, happy to take that. Thanks, Samir. So the small shop, I think, is the real upside there on the RPT portfolio. They're about 30 basis points below the Kimco portfolio. And when you look at the momentum we're experiencing in the small shop side, we're very confident that we should bring that up to the Kimco portfolio relatively quickly over the next 1 to 2 years. We've done the same with the Weingarten portfolio and we feel very confident in the team that we have on the ground and the leasing the momentum that we're continuing to experience today. RPT has a number of upside opportunities. We're obviously digging in right now and getting very excited. Mary Brickwell Village is one that I mentioned earlier in the call. The mark-to-market spread there is significant on deals that roll to market as well as some leasing upside and some potential future redevelopment density plays. But it's not just that site; we have a number of assets in Florida and Boston and other great trade areas that have significant leasing momentum that we think we can execute on. And if the dispositions come across the tape at the time, we think we're going to be able to showcase RPT dispositions with -- once you take those out of the combined portfolio, both the Kimco grocery percentage increases as well as the Kimco's mixed-use percentage increases. So two strategic accomplishments very early on, hopefully, this year. So we're excited, obviously, about that opportunity.
Conor Flynn: Michael, I will add that we've been prioritizing the retail redevelopments because clearly, the returns there are much stronger and that's where we see significant returns and upside in the portfolio. So if we're going to activate new projects going forward, that is still a priority for us and continue to mine the portfolio for upside.
Conor Flynn: Linda, if you remember, Q1 typically obviously has the holiday hangover from some of the tenants that close after the holidays. So resetting the occupancy with RPT and the holiday impact and then growing the occupancy through the year is typically how the year commences. And obviously, with the momentum we're experiencing, the diversity of demand, we're confident that we should be able to grow the occupancy throughout the year after Q1.
Conor Flynn: I would say just the small shop side continues to improve quarter-over-quarter. I think we've been tracking that diligently and pushing that hard. The anchor side is still aware there's some friction and we're trying to improve that if we can. But again, there's still, I would say, some modest improvement there but not as significant as the small shop side.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to, Floris. I think when you look at the small shop occupancy upside, it's significant because that's really where if you look at sort of the anchor occupancy reaching like, in essence, relatively full, that's where we see a lot of upside on the small shop side. I like the diversity of demand that we're experiencing as well right now in small shops. If you think about our percentages of small shops, restaurants and entertainment are still pretty sizable. They're about 1/3. Personal care services are up to about 15%. We're seeing the service industry really come back. Other services outside of personal care, that's another 12%. And then medical has really picked up as well at close to 6%. So when you look at like the components of really what's driving the occupancy on the small shop side, it's pretty diverse because each of those categories have a number of names that are out doing hundreds of stores. And I think with our platform, we're able to actually give retailers the ability to hit their growth potential numbers because right now, they're challenged to find high-quality retail and you can come to Kimco and get it in space. And so that's where I think we have a real opportunity with the platform to get more market share on these new growth small shop openings. On the spread between the grocery-anchor portfolio and the mixed-use portfolio, there's really not a sizable spread there between the 2 to say that one is significantly higher than the other. Right now, clearly, the rents we're getting on the mixed-use portfolio are higher but most of those mixed use or apartment towers that have retail and the base of it are high-dense areas, high-growth markets with significant demand. And so we have been able to push rents and those rents are significantly higher than the grocery-anchored portfolio. Hopefully, that helps.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So if you think about this year, specifically, we did try to outline some of the onetime items or the initial headwinds that we're facing that will not repeat going forward. Glenn outlined the amortization of the Weingarten bond, that's just this year and will not repeat going forward after this year. We do have a lot of SNO pipeline, signed but not opened. ABR coming online that's back-half weighted. So again, obviously, that will benefit the '25 and going forward from there. There's a lot of, I think, embedded growth in the portfolio that has yet to be unlocked. And getting those tenants open and operating is sort of the significant fuel for the growth of the platform going forward. Obviously, interest expense headwinds have been significant for everyone in any commercial real estate sector. I think we've done a nice job in terms of pushing maturities out. What will that look like going forward? I know a lot of people have different opinions on when the Fed might change and start to cut but we're not running the business on banking on when they're going to do that, we're running a long-term business and trying to match fund the long-term debt with that. So I think we're well positioned to see an acceleration of growth going forward. Obviously, this year is an acceleration of growth from last year and we continue to believe that if we execute, we should see the building blocks continue to improve going forward.
Conor Flynn: Caitlin, as you know, Q1 is typically when you get the holiday hangover, you get some spaces back and then you start to build occupancy back throughout the year. So we anticipate the seasonality to continue. Clearly, we're off to a good start here and that's why we're cautiously optimistic about the year ahead, continuing to build on the momentum from Q4 because that was a record quarter for us. And obviously, if we can stack quarter on top of quarter like that, we'll be in very good shape to hopefully meet and exceed expectations for the year.
David Jamieson: Yes, all great question, Floris. Thanks. Yes, as Glenn mentioned, about 70% of that pipeline, we anticipate commencing this year. It's representing about $15 million to $20 million, it's obviously less than that $70 million on the total ABR. So it is back half weighted. And the team, based on last year's performance, did an incredible job meaning exceeding those targets and we'll continue to push the envelope and get those stores open as quickly as possible and get the cash flow going. So you will see it towards the back half. And then as you alluded to, you will see that benefit come in '25 as well.
David Jamieson: Yes. Thanks for the question. We've continued to see activity across a really broad set of categories, start with grocery first. We signed a lease at Natural Grocers this last quarter. Several other specialty grocers are extremely active on the mainstream side. Those grocers are pushing as well. Formats, vary. You are starting to see a lot of flexibility with retailers willing to expand and contract the size of their square footage in which they operate to penetrate the supply-constrained market. And so when you look at the forward-looking forecasts, let's start with supply-demand imbalance. That continues at record low supply development. So you'll have nothing new coming online. You'll have basically second-generation space to backfill. And as Conor mentioned earlier in his comments, our Bed Bath absorption was quite robust this last year with 21 to 29 being occupied. Then you have the demand on the retailer side appreciating the efficiencies, the margin improvements and the gains that they're seeing by utilizing brick-and-mortar to service their customer both on the last mile side and as well as some form of distribution. So you have that demand side continuing to push through. And then you have the consumer side that obviously sees a great utility in the brick-and-mortar format as well. So when you mix that all together, when you look at the '24 forecast, you're continuing to see that those demand factors work in our favor. So we've been encouraged by the pipeline that we currently have and we'll continue to push as hard as we can as we move through this coming year.
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean as I mentioned, quarter-over-quarter, spreads are really indicative of just the population of that given quarter and what qualifies as a comp spreads, so it can be volatile at times. But when you look at the overall ABR growth, we continue to see us moving upwards in that trajectory from quarter-over-quarter where it was year-over-year. So we're encouraged, obviously, by that direction, I think we're at $20.32 at this point. And in terms of the TI allocation, we look at the all-in cost, so landlord and TIs collectively. The distribution between those 2 categories is dependent on the type of deal structure you cut. So when you combine those and you look at the trailing 4, we're right in line there. And there were a couple of deals this quarter that were more as-is structure, so higher TI allowances were given to those tenants. If you strip those out, you're around $26 versus that $33 that we posted. So you're pretty much in line, slightly better than what we've seen in the past. And as we look forward into '24, we do have 29 anchor boxes, I think, that are naked with no options. They do have the highest rent per square foot at $18. We've executed 6 of those in the last quarter and those were as-is rents above that and we still had a high double-digit mark-to-market adjustment on that. So you're seeing room for opportunity to grow in the coming year as well.
David Jamieson: I'd also just add that their lease economic spread is currently 570 basis points relative to their portfolio which is about $12 million of annualized base rent. So we'll get the benefit of some of that coming online this year as well to complement what we currently have in our SNO pipeline. And then the ABR per square foot relative to ours is a little bit lower. So I think there's room to run there and benefits to be had. And based on their the spreads that they posted in their Q4 filings, we're encouraged by the direction of the real estate.
David Jamieson: Yes, sure. On the Bed Bath, we've been pretty consistent around $55, $60 a foot on the backfills dependent on the structure. Most of these have been single-tenant backfills but if you do look at some slip boxes in the future or a different type of operator, it could be lower or slightly higher but it's been fairly consistent. Yes, on the CapEx load for '24, obviously, we have one of the largest pipelines in the sector and one of our largest that we've had. So it's primarily driven by deal cost and execution there. It's our highest return on capital in terms of any investment we can really make. So we see it's a great use of funds. And RPT will be -- with their SNO pipeline, as I just mentioned, at 570 basis points in their lease economic, obviously, there will be a contribution there as well.
David Jamieson: Sure. Yes. We can start with Rite Aid. So last year, we had 21 locations. At the end of the year, we ended with 16. We do anticipate another 5 coming back this quarter. The leasing activity and LOIs that we currently have on those locations are very encouraging and we're seeing mark-to-markets in the double digits. So again, second-generation inventory is really where the opportunity is to push rents today and that's what retailers see it. And so that's -- to my earlier comments, you're starting to see retailers flex on their format to try to work themselves into some of these boxes. As it relates to Jo-Ann's, that has been another topic of the day. We have 21 locations. And currently, they're looking at just rightsizing their operating business. They obviously had a great COVID run. Top line revenues were growing fairly significantly and I think they're seeing a bit of a reset back to pre-COVID and trying to stabilize their business there. So it's something that we're closely watching. Limited rollover in '24. But again, when we stay close with those operators as well. As it relates to the broader pipeline, it really hasn't expanded all that much. I think the general health of retailers has been fairly significant. We are active in the pre-leasing side of that equation to get out in front of any opportunities to recapture space. And in some cases, we're really pushing it to upgrade the quality of the tenancy. Because you do have on the other side of the spectrum, high-quality investment-grade tenants that are looking to grab space. So they're also becoming more aggressive in that regard. So right now, we feel pretty good.
David Jamieson: Yes, great question. Appreciate it. I know there's been a lot of focus in the first part of the year on Mary Brickell. We're just over a month of ownership. So we've got deep into the investigation of both short-term and long-term planning. And right now, the real focus is the upgrading of the quality of the tenancy. There is a tremendous upside potential there and some of the existing rents we're in the 40s and 50s. And prior to close, you're getting rents in the high 100 or 120-plus range. So you're seeing a huge mark-to-market adjustment just on the retail side alone. As we look at forward-looking longer-term plans, we're still in the early stages of the investigation of what we want to do. But if you've been down there, you realize it's the hole in the donut, right at the heart of Brickell with $20 million visitors walking past that site on an annualized basis. So there is tremendous opportunity long term at that site and we're very excited about it.
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean that's our goal is obviously to resolve the Bed Bath boxes in '24 based on the demand that we're seeing, we feel encouraged by that. I also want to note that we're inheriting 3 additional boxes a result of RPT, so on a go-forward now, we'll have 11. And again, we're encouraged by the activity there. As it relates to occupancy, I'm always challenged to push the envelope higher and push the mark higher. I mean, exceeding 91.1 and getting to 91.7 on the small shop side was a great milestone at the end of the year. And I do just want to like put into context, this was all in the midst of merging another company into Kimco. So I can't thank our broader team enough on the execution that they've done in executing over 1 million square feet of leasing. So we'll continue to push as hard as we can on the anchor side. We're at 98%. Our all-time high was 98.9%. And so we have room to run there, too which is encouraging. And then bringing on RPT, as Conor mentioned, there is additional upside to on a relative basis from where our occupancy in theirs is. So we'll have our work cut out for us in '24 but we feel encouraged.
David Jamieson: Yes. And just one last note on that. It's not only just the new lease side but it's also the retention side which is so important in terms of preserving and then growing your occupancy. And right now, when you look at the first half of the year, we're tracking around 70% of our rollover right now getting resolved. So we feel pretty encouraged by the momentum as well.
David Jamieson: Yes. Our -- we continue to push bumps obviously on the anchor in the small shop side. I think you're seeing different opportunities in different parts of the market. In some areas, you can push north of 3% or in the 4% range in other markets might be a little bit different. But we're challenged to grow as much as we can on an annualized basis. And we're seeing, again, a good response because of the supply-demand imbalance right now and the multiple bidders at the table.
David Jamieson: Yes. As we mentioned earlier, our big focus right now is more on the retail redevelopment side and which is leasing driven. You're looking to build a better mouse trap and work with high-quality tenants to reposition parts of the center. So we'll continue to pursue that strategy as the yields and the returns on the are fairly accretive. More broadly speaking, when you look at the multifamily opportunities that we have with all of our entitlements, those are lower-yielding investments and we're very selective and strategic about activating those. In our case, we're constantly watching the capital markets, the supply demand as there is known to be a lot of new supply that will be coming on the multifamily side. So we want to be very strategic and cautious about that. But we're always assessing what the best use of our capital is. There's great investment opportunities with Ross and what he's looking at right now as well. So we really look at the holistic plan and how we utilize our capital in any given year to make sure we're driving the most accretive returns.
