David B. Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in this morning. We are very pleased to report strong fourth quarter results. Glenn and Conor will provide the details, but, in general, our operating metrics are excellent, led by our U.S. same-site NOI growth of 4.1% for the fourth quarter and 3.8% for the full year. The same-site number, which increased from the prior quarter, together with our substantial increase in occupancy, provides solid evidence of the continued strength and health of our core portfolio of neighborhood and community shopping centers. Looking at the shopping center industry overall. Leasing activity continues to be strong with both occupancy and effective rent strengthening. The International Council of Shopping Centers, ICSC, our industry trade group, announced this week that the U.S. shopping center industry NOI grew 8% in 2013, which, while not a same-site number, represents the best annual growth rate since 2008. Brick-and-mortar holiday sales were also up 2.4% year-over-year despite awful weather and 6 fewer shopping days. Clothing, sporting goods and hobbies were particularly strong and the "daily spend" by consumers is now the highest in 6 years. National retailers continue their expansion plans with more than 81,000 new stores planning to open over the next 24 months. Despite the growth of e-commerce sales, the shopping center industry is benefiting from population growth, very limited new development and GDP growth exceeding 2%. This is translating into occupancy gains, rent increases and NOI growth across our sector. Kimco's own key metrics and operating results are robust and give us confidence that 2014 will again produce solid results across our portfolio. In Latin America, we continue to make excellent progress with our disposition activities. We sold 5 additional shopping centers in the fourth quarter, bringing our 2013 gross sales in Latin America to $1.1 billion. As recently announced by the buyer, a joint venture of Macquarie Mexico REIT and Frisa, Kimco has signed a purchase contact to sell 9 of its remaining Mexico shopping centers, comprising 2.1 million square feet to the Macquarie joint venture. Closing is expected within the next 30 days. In addition, we now have signed letters of intent or contracts on 13 additional shopping centers, 12 in Mexico and our single last property in Chile. Only 5 existing shopping centers in a small net lease portfolio in Mexico remain unspoken for at this time. North of the border, our Canadian portfolio remains strong and a significant contributor to our earnings despite the recent currency decline of the Canadian dollar. Kimco's Canadian high-quality portfolio, overall, remains well occupied at 96.3% and we are benefiting from the continued expansion of U.S. retailers in and into Canada. This week, Walmart announced plans to open 35 additional supercenters in Canada over the next 12 months. Target also announced plans to open 9 more stores in Canada, bringing their Canadian store count to 133. Nordstrom, Saks, Uniqlo and DSW are also on their way into Canada. In the U.S., as Glenn will detail, our recycling efforts continue at a solid pace with Kimco purchasing high-quality retail properties and selling its equity interests in nonstrategic shopping centers. Step-by-step, the profile of our portfolio is improving significantly in terms of demographics, average rents, NOI growth profile and primary markets. Coupled with our redevelopment efforts, which Conor will cover, our new acquisitions and partner buyout activities will provide strong future NOI growth. We are particularly excited about our pending acquisition of the 24-property Boston area of retail portfolio, which should close in March. In addition, we are under contract for Crossroads Plaza, a Class A dominant regional power center in Raleigh, North Carolina; and Quail Corner, a Harris Teeter grocery-anchored shopping center in a high-income suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. Subsequent to year end, Kimco also closed on the acquisition of 3 grocery-anchored shopping centers in the Greater Baltimore area from one of our institutional joint venture partners. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of the quarter to be followed by Conor's in-depth discussion of our portfolio results. And then Milton will, as usual, provide some general observations.
David B. Henry: We do, Paul, on your second part of your question, we do look at a lot of transactions. The 2 that I mentioned in North Carolina where we are very excited about because we like North Carolina, long term. We like the demographics, we like the prognosis. Both Raleigh and Charlotte are dynamic good markets. And the truth is we can get a little bit higher yield in those markets than we can other places. But we look at all of our key markets actively across-the-board.
David B. Henry: From a very high level, Alex, when you read the negative headlines, you have to remember that Puerto Rico is very supply constrained from a retail perspective. It's got a fraction of the retail per capita that the U.S. does. And so shopping centers are generally very well occupied and rents are still on the way up despite the economic problems of Puerto Rico.
David B. Henry: And Jeff, I'll comment on the first part. In general, if you look across our industry, Kimco and all of our peers, our occupancy is the highest in our bigger boxes. So when you get above 10,000 square feet, we're all 97%, 98% leased these days. So to the extent that one of these big guys comes more available like Kmart, I think it will be rapidly absorbed by the junior anchors that are expanding. TJX and Ross, together, are going to open 200 stores a year for the foreseeable future. So there's this enormous growth of some of the junior anchors and boxes that we do business with. The Bed Bath & Beyonds are at least 25, 30 stores a year. The Petco, the PetSmarts, the Hobby Lobbys, I mean, they're all growing like crazy and these boxes, as Conor described, in the right situations, can work well for these tenants.
David B. Henry: We have a large portfolio in the market now, and we are accepting bids on both the portfolio as a whole and the individual assets. So that'll be a good test to it. We'll see.
David B. Henry: And rents are jumping not by 2%, 3%, they're jumping by $1, $2, $3. So that's what gives us some comfort. And rents still aren't back to prerecession levels, so we still have a ways to go.
David B. Henry: And there still are banks that are expanding their branch networks. So it's not they're all going down. TD, as an example, has been very aggressive at taking branches from other banks that are downsizing.
David B. Henry: In Canada, we were hit with a couple of things; one is the currency. Obviously, the Canadian dollar has weakened dramatically and if you took the currency impact out of it, we would have had positive same-site numbers in Canada. But in addition, as you know, Zellers closed its chain across Canada, selling most of the stores to Target, but not all. So we do have 2 empty Zellers stores that ended up in the numbers. One of those has been re-leased, so you'll see that turn around in the future. So even though this quarter's a little bit down from what we normally expect, Canada should continue to do very well. And you have to put it in the context that Canada just didn't have the decline that the U.S. had, so it's always been kind of a steady eddy for us. So it's not in a recovery phase, if you will. So we still feel very good about what's going to happen longer term in Canada in terms of same-site and rent growth. Like Puerto Rico, it's supply constrained in a sense that it's only got about 60% of the retail per capita that the U.S. has and there's enormous demand for space by retailers. And you see the evidence of that in development activity picking up mostly in urban locations in Canada. So I think this is a 1-quarter blip, primarily driven by the currency. In Latin America, we've been selling a lot of properties so the numbers are jumbled. Some of our best properties were in the early rounds of what we've sold. But on the ground, we're seeing pretty good tenant demand. Our job is to keep our operating partners focused on the leasing as we move towards closing these properties. As I mentioned, all but 5 are now spoken for. And so within the next 3 to 6 months, they should be closed and gone. So it's a little bit of wind-down activity, which should -- it's not representative of the actual demand for space in Mexico. You probably saw yesterday, they were upgraded to investment grade by Moody's, which, I think, gives you an indication of what's going on in the Mexican economy, which is strong. And both domestic and international retailers are expanding in Mexico. So I think the long term is positive for Mexico on the ground and retail space.
David B. Henry: Okay. I'd say it's a good solid. I mean, the better properties today are trading at that 6-ish and we're doing pretty good when we sell the stuff we're selling at 7 or maybe even a little higher. So the gross cap rate difference is at least 100 basis points.
David B. Henry: Well, let me take a stab at the e-commerce question. Just about all retailers are affected to some degree by e-commerce and they range from very limited impact like barbershops and grocery stores and things like that all the way up to the electronics and booksellers that have been victims of the e-commerce trend. And a lot of our retailers fall somewhat in the middle. What's encouraging to us is a couple of things, almost all of these better retailers have found ways to blend their own e-commerce online activities with their brick-and-mortar activities and they're getting very good at it. And in many cases, they're taking share away from the Internet-only sellers, if you will, because they can provide delivery services much more efficiently. They're closer to the customers. And in terms of what impact it has on our space, what we're seeing is the bigger retailers are converting portions of their stores to what they call fulfillment centers. So these stores are not only showroom and sales space, but they're also delivery centers. Macy's, I believe, has announced that they've already converted 500 of their department stores, a substantial amount of the space in those 500 stores, to fulfillment centers. So as they take online orders, they take it directly out of the stores. And most of these brick-and-mortar retailers love it when goods are returned because they sell $1.30 to $1.40 for every $1 that's returned to the stores. Sometimes they get a new customer that sees new merchandise and so forth. So that they're finding very effective ways to blend those operations together. Gap is another great example of working well and I think more than 30% of their sales are now online and they've managed to bring their brands all together with online. So right now, it hasn't slowed -- none of this e-commerce activity has slowed down the demand for space. It has shrunk their prototypes. So for instance, Old Navy, I know that it used to have 25,000 square feet. Now, it's more like 17,000 as their newer prototype. But it hasn't slowed down their demand in terms of looking at that space. So we see the TJXs of the world, the Rosses, as I mentioned, the Petco and so forth growing like crazy even as they expand their own online activities. And the saving grace for us as landlords is there's just no new building out there. So instead of building 2,000 shopping centers a year in the U.S., it's down to less than 100 and retail per capita is going down instead of up. So all of that makes it an effective counterweight to e-commerce. Nobody is going to disagree that e-commerce is taking a bigger and bigger share. But the limited new construction, the GDP positive and the limited new supply has more than offset it. And that proof is in the pudding. All of our occupancies are up, our rents are up and so forth. So we're still on a good trend.
David B. Henry: Oh, I'm sorry. Well, again, we -- there's issues that we look at in both. I think the neighborhood centers, which are generally what you would call strips, are generally grocery anchored and they're focused right on the neighborhood and they deliver, as Milton pointed out, essential goods and services. So your dry cleaner, your grocery store, your drugstore, your commercial bank is all there. They're probably a little less vulnerable than power centers that have a Barnes & Nobles, that have a Best Buy and so forth. So I wouldn't disagree with the general theory that perhaps the power centers are a little more vulnerable. But the power centers also have these boxes and chains that are growing like crazy. So the demand for space is still strong even in the power centers.
David B. Henry: One of the most encouraging signs that we have is the number of retailers that ask us about our watch list. So they're trying to get a proactive jump start on retailers that might give back space and they're starting to get worried themselves about the store counts that they have to achieve over the next couple of years.
David B. Henry: It's a compliment to both Milton and Ray that we are probably one of the first calls by a lot of the private equity companies and other major investors and retailers that are under any kind of distress as they try to unlock real estate value. And to your question on are there resources, we do use our regional field network to help us underwrite these opportunities and that's one of the strengths we bring to our partners. We have the ability to tell them what the replacement rents will be. We have an ability to quickly swarm over a lot of properties and help private equity and others underwrite these things. So it's a good marriage, especially when the opportunity itself is a good one like Albertsons and SUPERVALU.
David B. Henry: Well, I'll take one stab at that. We are seeing an increasing urbanization. The retailers want to follow the population growth and the job growth and we are seeing a desire and the value of properties that are located in some of our key markets, which are higher-density, higher-income areas. And retailers is definitely following those trends and cap rates and values are definitely following those trends, which is why some of these tertiary areas, and as you referenced, the B malls, the second-class properties are probably going down faster than other things. By the same token, the higher quality is holding up quite well. The rents are up. There's a declining supply of it. The retailers are trying to quickly rent space in these areas. So I would agree with you that there's a dividing going on here and we intend to be part of it, which is why we think it's a great time to sell some of our more tertiary assets and buy some of the things that we think are going to hold up well over the next 5 years.
Milton Cooper: Thank you, Conor. I believe we are in the sweet spot in the ownership of retail real estate. There has been virtually no growth in shopping center supply since 2009, while on the demand side, we still have strong population growth. As pointed out by an astute analyst, the 2009 to 2013 period is the first time since 1974 that GLA for shopping centers has declined on a per capita basis. The performance of our value-oriented retailers, discounters, warehouse clubs, grocers and retailers selling essential goods has been strong. Our largest tenant is TJX. They have done quite well and are planning to open 700 stores over the next 5 years. We own over 130 TJX stores in their various formats. And we plan to expand substantially with them over the next 5 years. Among our peers, we are also the largest landlord of Home Depot and Costco stores. Both of these tenants have had excellent results and have strong balance sheets. These tenants are also very positive about our property type. Now it's not to say that the viability of retailers will ever change. Let me remind you that some time ago, an entire retail segment disappeared. I'm referring to the variety stores: Woolworths, Newberry's, G.C. Murphy, S.S. Kresge, gone. Yet all of that space has been replaced: Venture Stores, W.T. Grant, others have also disappeared, but since then, have all been replaced. Overall, we have properties that essentially consist of retailers that are value oriented or have excellent credit, such as Walmart, Target, or retailers that sell everyday necessities, grocers, services such as health clubs, nail salons and dry cleaners. And unlike other industries, we do not run the risk of technological obsolescence. There are some technology companies that sell at huge multiples and a new invention could dramatically affect their existence. Think about Polaroid, think about carbon paper, and more recently, cassettes and CD papers. The quality of our portfolio is getting better and better as we transform it and the best test is the same-store growth in our properties and that has been outstanding. I like where our portfolio of properties is going and I like the way our portfolio of people are developing. We always talk about TSR. We're transforming the quality of our portfolios. And by the way, to sell over $1 billion of low-quality assets at a higher cap rate and to buy higher-quality assets at a lower cap rate and still, despite the dilution, delivered growth in earnings is something to pound our chest about. We are simplifying our business by exiting Mexico and South America and reducing the number of our joint ventures and we're going to take advantage of redevelopment opportunities. Now in addition, what is really unique about Kimco is in our plus business, run by Ray Edwards and myself. Over the years, as you know, we have had a track record of having sizable profits in this business. As of today, our investment in the SUPERVALU shares has added annualized returns of 38%. In our investment analysis, we have received almost 5x our money back and our share of the equity above our course [ph] in the overall venture is still quite substantial. It's not too shabby for a small overhead operation. As we're excited about 2014 and as Conor has outlined earlier, transformation, simplification and redevelopment programs are well underway. And we look forward to harvest the fruits of our execution. And with that, we'll be delighted to take any questions.
Milton Cooper: That is the fourth objective and we have had several transactions where we were able to acquire real estate from the vending partners in each case. We had outside appraisals, some of it was fair. But it really has worked for us and I think that those companies are relatively real estate-rich. So bottom line is that our objective is to not only make money on the investment, but to obtain real estate other than bidding for it in the marketplace. And that's we have done and will continue to do, Cedrik.
Milton Cooper: I would think that you'll see substantial activity in 2014 and 2015. I think it'll be dramatically increased in there.
Conor C. Flynn: Well, as you know, we're very focused on reducing that. And I think in 3 years' time, our goal is to cut that in half. It's really to -- we have our disposition pipeline now that targets about 10% of that and so 50% of what you're talking about is we plan to exit in 3 years.
Conor C. Flynn: Our re-leasing spread is very much focused on just the re-leasing of the box. Where it's a redevelopment, we're doing something to the box. We're expanding it, we're cutting it, we're redoing the shopping center. So if it's a pure tenant-out, tenant-in type of analysis, that's a re-leasing spread. Where we consider if we have to do something to the box then it's considered a redevelopment.
Conor C. Flynn: That one is -- that one is, because we actually -- we didn't do anything to the box. So the box, as it stands and we're actually just putting a Nordstrom Rack in one portion of the box and DSW in the other portion.
Conor C. Flynn: I'll just mention that our portfolio, that occupancy is the highest it's ever been. If you go to Puerto Rico, you'll start to see that the macro environment doesn't necessarily reflect the portfolio that we currently own. The parking lots are full, the retailers are doing exceptionally well and the high sales that these retailers are producing are attracting other like kind retailers to come down to the market. PetSmart is extremely aggressive down there, Petco as well. Anna's Linens does phenomenally down there. And we're continuing to see more and more retailers contact us for opportunities. But as you can tell, our portfolio is pretty well occupied so it's very hard to find those opportunities in Puerto Rico. And we anticipate another grocer coming to Puerto Rico shortly. We think that, that's a real opportunity to bring a national brand to Puerto Rico.
Conor C. Flynn: Let me take the last part. We do think that there's opportunity there. We do think that we've been -- I think, we've been monitoring this for a long period of time and everybody has their thoughts on what's really going to happen 2, 3, 5 years from now to those retailers you mentioned. We do think there's opportunities to retrofit boxes if the box is in good condition, if the ceiling height is right, if the space lays out correctly. We've seen that Bed Bath & Beyond will take the entire box and put all 3 or 4 of their concepts into the box. We've also seen it work where you have a Burlington Coat come in and take an existing Sears box. Where I think it gets challenging is if the box hasn't been touched for 50 years. But if you take a few Kmarts, for example, there's really no way to retrofit that box. You've got to tear it down. You've got to start fresh, but that's not necessarily a bad thing because that allows you to really have a blank slate, an open palette to create a dynamic retailer lineup to help revitalize the shopping center.
Conor C. Flynn: Right. So instead, the sun, moon and stars are all lined up in terms of the market right now for that type of products. So where we can expedite it, where we can do a larger package of assets, that's what we're looking at and trying to make sure we execute.
Conor C. Flynn: I think you're going to start to see LTAs become a factor as landlords can get more aggressive in trying to recapture some of these boxes. There's such a lack of new supply that, I think, we can be more proactive on that and really see how we can harvest the portfolio and see if we can create more opportunity that way. On your question on redevelopment...
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, the spreads on the re-leasing, I think, you're right on. We've got probably about another, I would say, 96.5%, I think, is our target to hit in terms of occupancy. So we do believe we can raise the occupancy a little bit more. But you're starting to going to see it come from re-leasing spreads. You're going to see it come from small shop occupancy gains. And you'll see the anchor box re-leasing spreads to be strong as well because these boxes that are coming due without any options, there's bidding wars out there now, which wasn't the case a few years ago. So it's an exciting spot to be in.
Conor C. Flynn: That's right. And we had a huge leasing volume this past quarter. So as Glenn mentioned, you'll start to see that flow 60 to 90 days past.
Conor C. Flynn: Really, what we're focused on is trying to expedite the rent commencement date and to try and shorten that deal curve as much as possible. But it does take time to get the tenants in, to get them built and open and operating. So as much as we can, we're going to try and shorten that, but it still takes time.
Conor C. Flynn: We have about 3 properties we're under contract to acquire in adjacent shopping centers that we own from them and we're looking at some other deals. There are also properties where there are tenants looking to restructure some leases and things like that, that could benefit the long-term value of the property. So the company right now, Cedrik, is focused 150% on improving the business. And they want to work with us, but we don't want to distract them from their main goal of that. But I think at stabilized, we'll be able to work with them, but we don't want them to lose sight of their main goal, which is to create the value in the operating business. So the early stage is hard to get a lot in control.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, bank branches have been on a target list for awhile of understanding that they are going more to the ATM and less tellers. A lot of the banks have been putting private wealth management into the bank branches to try and create more value, but they are still reducing the amount of branches across the country. Now those pieces of real estate are typically the best located in the shopping centers. So they command the highest rents and are usually great real estate to recapture because of today's environment with all the restaurants that are very aggressive to wanting to be upfront. Those spaces are typically pads that can be repositioned very easily with significant value creation involved. So it is something we've been watching. I think that trend will continue as technology becomes. More and more people are banking online and are really using technology to go less and less to a bank branch.
Conor C. Flynn: That would be the largest in terms of the bank branches that we have, but we do have a number of banks across the portfolio. So that's the largest single exposure.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that it's becoming a very blurred line between the power centers and the neighborhood centers and the community centers because, today, there are more grocery retailers entering power centers that had never entered them before. So it's becoming more of, rather than a destination-oriented type shopping center, it's really becoming more of a daily shop and so that's spilling over. The sales volumes would increase across the power center. But as Dave mentioned right now, the power center has been doing quite well because there's such a lack of that big-box opportunity that there's bidding war for those types of opportunities when they come available. Where the grocery-anchored center has done well and the grocery stores continue to show that they're Internet-resistant, but they're mostly using their small shops for their growth. So there's opportunity there as well as the small shops have recovered an increased growth through small shop retail.
Conor C. Flynn: I'll take the operating efficiency question. I think that when you have a very geographic-centric portfolio, you have more time spent at the property than you would if you were geographically diverse or in your secondary and tertiary markets and don't have an office located right at the shopping center. So we're looking to see as we move towards our goal of a Tier 1 portfolio in our key markets, we think we can have more boots on the ground, more touching and feeling and kicking the tires of these assets to see what we can do to generate growth. Can we come up with more redevelopment opportunities? And I think the more time you spend on each individual asset, the more efficiency you have in terms of you're managing your portfolio by having to travel less, keep your expenses low and potentially have a core group managing a shop -- a portfolio of shopping centers in a very strategic area.
Conor C. Flynn: I think we can probably look at -- if we look at where the portfolio will be in 3 to 5 years from now, I think our goal is to actively reduce overhead where we see fit. It's a managing a much smaller number of properties, but the NOI is still going to continue to grow. So we think that we can become more efficient. We don't have a target number yet, but we do believe that there's efficiencies in that.
Glenn G. Cohen: Paul, first, part of what we have this we've already lined up things like the Boston portfolio. We've closed on a couple of properties in our LaSalle joint venture. So almost half of the amount that I mentioned, roughly $500 million, has already been targeted. The balance is really going to come based on our pace of dispositions and the opportunities that present themselves. But those targets are based really on the activity we see coming forward and we think that we'll be able to achieve those levels. They're pretty much in line with what we talked about at our Investor Day. And again, it's going to be subject to the level of dispositions that happen.
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure. I'll take the first part of it, Alex. The same-site NOI growth for the quarter was 5.7% and for the year in Puerto Rico, it was 4.4%. And the occupancy level is up 130 basis points. So it began the year at 96.7% and ended at 98%.
Glenn G. Cohen: Vince, I think we feel good about being able to sell the assets that we're trying to market. We packaged up quite a few of them, and I think you'll start to see a lot more activity happening really in the second quarter on those. But I think the market's in good shape. The capital markets are in excellent shape. The CMBS market is in excellent shape. So there's clearly capital available and there is demand for the product type today because of its yield.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, I mean, historically, it's been somewhere between 150 and 175 basis points and it takes 6 months or so. We signed a lot of leases at the end of the year and those leases, the rentals start flowing when you deliver the space to the tenants, which is anywhere from -- it can be 3 to 6 months. But on general, I would say around 6 months we'll start seeing it flow.
Glenn G. Cohen: We have a very large portfolio. We're signing roughly 2 million square feet of space every quarter. So it really is dependent on the deal volume that you have. But again, if you look historically, that's where it's been. I don't see it really changing a whole lot.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, you'll have somewhere in the 2% range would be coming from the revenue line so the expense side -- again, the expense recovery and piece of it is probably another 50 basis points of it and then you add the other components, which are the other rental revenue and the percentage rent piece, which is -- it's a little subject to change. But the minimum rent is the key driver of the same-site NOI growth in that 2.5% to 3.5% target range.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, again, if you look at our margins, they've run overall somewhere in the low-70s and their budgets as we roll them up property-by-property bring us to the same level. So when you talk about expenses, you have certain variable costs, things like snow, landscaping and things like that. It depends on how that all comes together. But our recovery side will improve and that's why there's a piece of that, that is in the same-site NOI growth.
