David Bujnicki: Thanks. Good morning and I thank you all for joining Kimco's third quarter earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; David Henry, Chief Executive Officer; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help to investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Before we begin, allow me to remind everyone that Kimco is hosting an Investor Day on December 10th in New York City at the Palace Hotel. If you haven't signed up there's still time to RSVP to this event. Please contact my office and we'll send the invitation to you. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry for his final prepared remarks as CEO of Kimco. I believe his office furniture is being inventoried as we speak.
David Bujnicki: We're ready to move to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue we request a one-question limit with an appropriate followup. This will provide all our callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you're welcome to re-join the queue. You may take the first caller.
David Bujnicki: Christi, it's Dave Bujnicki. I just want to comment also on what Ross mentioned. When he talked about the 80% of the NOI, that's the 26 plus those 19 assets that we sold in October, so collectively in total that's what represents 80% of our Canadian NOI.
David Bujnicki: Thank to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental as posted on our website and we look forward to seeing you all at our Investor Day in December. Enjoy the rest of your day.
David Henry: I'm pretty sure I saw Glenn in there eyeing my couch. Good morning and thank you all for calling in today. As I prepare to pass the baton to Conor on January 1 and after 59 earnings calls over the last 15 years, permit me to give you a few personal thoughts. First, it has been a sincere pleasure to personally meet and spend time over the years with most of the analysts and investors on the call today. Everyone has been gracious and thoroughly engaging, while unabashedly providing me and their team their thoughts and opinions. This has been enormously helpful to me and our Company. Second, I'd like to emphasize the strengths and advantages of Kimco from a very high level as I see them. The firm founded by Milton and Artie Kimmel more than 55 years ago is a retail powerhouse in terms of its size, diversification, balance sheet, dividend safety, national scale, tenant relationships and industry contacts. We're the retail partner of choice for many private equity and institutional owners of both retail operating companies and retail property assets. Our opportunistic culture and investing disciplines have resulted in many wonderfully profitable investments for our shareholders. Most recently our sale of Supervalu stock and the pending Albertson's IPO. Third, the investment world sometimes, in my opinion, focuses a little bit too much on a simple metric as a proxy for the prospects of a REIT or the quality of its portfolio. In our case it has been and will continue to be a deeper story of corporate financial strength, size, scale and a culture totally focused on creating value for our shareholders. We have more properties, more local offices, more individual tenants and more retailer relationships than any of our peers. And combined with one of the lowest dividend payout ratios in the industry and our strong BBB plus investment balance sheet we stand second to none. Our portfolio after more than $5 billion of retail property sales and close to $5 billion of retail property acquisitions over the past five years, now consists of a very broad group of very high quality properties in excellent long-term growth markets, with numerous very accretive redevelopment prospects. Now stepping down off the soapbox and focusing on our third quarter, we're pleased to report excellent financial results for the quarter. Together with a dividend increase of 6.3% and a guidance increase. As usually, Glenn and Conor will discuss the specific details while Milton will close with some general thoughts. Overall, both our earnings and portfolio fundamentals are solid. Helped by the portfolio upgrade, accomplished through the sale of our lower tier retail assets and numerous high quality acquisitions. The open air property sector in general continues to have bright prospects due to limited new supply and the continued expansion of both national discounters and service-oriented retailers. Most of our top tenants are committed to significant store expansion plans and effective rents and leasing spreads are rising markedly. With respect to our corporate strategy, our U.S. property dispositions will be largely completed this year and we have moved quickly in Canada taken advantage of historic low cap rates by selling 19 properties to our Rio Kim joint-venture partner with 26 additional sale properties pending totaling CAD774 million Canadian. 22 of the additional 26 properties are being sold to either third parties or other Canadian joint-venture operating partners. Due to today's low cap rates compared to the high cap rates when we entered Canada in 2002, we have substantial gains embedded in our portfolio and we have structures our transactions to reduce the tax effects as much as possible. As such, our exit from Canada will be measured but we do expect to have largely monetized our Canadian assets during 2016. At that point Kimco will be totally focused on the U.S. and we will self-manage virtually all of our properties. We continue to feel very positive for at least the next several years about the underlying fundamentals of our open-air retail properties and the markets we've chosen to focus on. E-commerce has been effectively incorporated into brick and mortar store operations as show rooms, last mile delivery and brand awareness become more and more critical to successful retail businesses. I do hope everyone took note of Amazon's announcement on Tuesday that they have opened their first full brick and mortar store in Seattle. Amazon has now formally recognized that the omnichannel concept is very successful and that physical stores are important components of growth, even for e-commerce retailers. As a quick update on the Albertson's IPO, the actual IPO S1 filing remains open to provide future timing flexibility. Store operations also continue to perform well and the integration of Safeway and Albertson's has progressed very smoothly. Now I'd like to turn to Glenn, Connor and Milton for their thoughts.
David Henry: It did have a 30 basis point small shop impact this quarter. So if you look at that impact in addition to the sales of the stabilized dispositions, our small shop occupancy would be up quite a bit versus flat. That's why I mentioned we see the small shop health recovering nicely.
David Henry: Sure. Let me walk you through that. Of our nine A&P leases, four of them were bought by Acme. One of them was bought by Best Yet. The four that were recaptured, one we purchased in the auction because we wanted to control that real estate. In Staten Island we think there's significant opportunity. We redeveloped 90% of the asset with a brand new Target that's on a ground lease.  So the last piece of this will be that path mark box that we can reposition there and there's significant upside in that rent. Just to give you an idea, the current rent is $3.78. The second box in Staten Island that we're recapturing is in Highland Boulevard. We thinks this is going to be a 2017 redevelopment. We're going to be adding close to 100,000 square feet. And that rent is significantly below market as well. The other two, Home Dale New Jersey. We think there's up side there. There's plenty of operators that are looking to recapture those boxes. So in those four that we're recapturing we think there's a blend at 30% to 40% below market opportunity.
David Henry: You're right on there. Most of the boxes we see as potential splits or redevelopments, there are plenty of operators that are bidding on this basis to keep it at one box so we're going to continue to look at the highest invest use and best returns on the repositioning. There's plenty of opportunity here to go with a grocery component or a non-grocery component. There's tremendous expansions for off price retailers today. Especially some of the newer concepts that are very aggressive in the Northeast and trying to gain market share so we're in a great spot here to really wait and see what's the highest and best use for the asset and look at the economics of either repositioning it by splitting it with a grocer or without a grocer.
David Henry: The one that we acquired, we wanted to control that real estate. We have 10 retailers that are bidding on the asset right now. We wanted to actually be in the position to be able to pick the retailer and the highest and best use there. That's the one in Staten Island that I mentioned earlier. The other three had very limited term on them. So there weren't many bidders looking to recapture those boxes. Even though the real estate is of high quality, retailers weren't bidding on it because of the relative term left on those leases without any options. We felt we were in a good position to recapture without bidding in the auction process.
David Henry: That's a good question, I think we have still a tremendous opportunity to reinvest those proceeds first in redevelopment. We're seeing tremendous returns and our assets that we put those redevelopment projects in place. They may have some near-term drag on our same-site NOI but we think the long-term NAV appreciation there is significant and still the best use of our capital. There will still be an opportunity I think to buy some of our JV partners' interest out in the years ahead but it probably won't be on the same scale as it was this year with Blackstone. We'll also then look to look at reducing debt levels further. I think our balance sheet is very strong but we can always make it stronger. We're in a nice position to be able to look at the highest and best use of our capital going forward.
David Henry: Honestly the Albertson's transaction for us is truly what we talked about. It's the plus. It's going to provide a lot of capital for an investment that from an FFO standpoint doesn't produce anything. It's got a lot of value, a lot of NAV but from an earnings standpoint, it doesn't produce anything because we sit on the cost method with it so it's just plus and will provide us capital to put in to redevelopments, pay down debt and help generate further recurring flows.
David Henry: Also the redevelopment pipeline is really one of the best uses of capital we have. The returns far exceed what the acquisition market has to offer today and we like to put on as many as we can. It's really the mining process and the timing to get whatever permits you need, lighting for tenants. We're going to just keep adding to it as we go because things cycle off. We build them, we get them up and going, we keep trying to mine more and more. It's a great use of our capital.
David Henry: If you look at the department store model, it's completely changed. The off price concept has been a vehicle for growth. So a perfect example is Nordstrom. Nordstrom is one where the department store is still doing quite well but the vehicle for growth has always been the Nordstrom Rack and they continue to try to add store count and up their expansion plans. I think Macy's and others are actually taking a page out of their playbook. That's where you see the ramp up of expansion.  Macy's is trying to add more stores and believes their off price concept is their vehicle for growth. I think this trend will continue. We've seen the tremendous success of TJX and Ross. They see today's shopper is really focused on trying to find that deal, trying to take advantage of that treasure hunt and they've done a good job in terms of merchandising their stores and we think it's a great plus for our business because they continue to add to the demand.
David Henry: Sure. The small shop acceleration I think is just continued over the past few quarters. You're continuing to see many of the services as well as the restaurants expand rapidly. Quick service restaurants have been one of the fastest growing components of our small shops. You're also seeing it in some of the dollar stores. Five Below, there's still plenty of opportunity there in addition to Old Navy and others. But we've seen that really the boost is coming from the services and that's great for us because those tenants are stickier. You're also seeing some impact from the medical players. The urgent care centers, the dentists, the optometrists. All those continue to expand. And your question about the small shop velocity, one year vacant versus less than one year vacant, it really is because we've sold so much of our portfolio, the spaces that have been vacant a long period of time are typically in those sites that we've sold so the ones that have been vacant for a significant amount of time, we see just as much activity on the ones that have just recently become vacant because our centers are now much higher quality and dense areas where there's a lot of demand and not quite as much shop space available. So we're confident that we can deliver in terms of our small shop occupancy gains and points about 90% by the end of next year.
David Henry: Walmart is clearly still a dominant force from the retail world today. Their neighborhood market stores have been positively. Their supercenter is still a dominant force that they're looking to expand. We were sitting down with them recently and when we went through our portfolio, they were cautiously optimistic that we could do a lot more together in the future in terms of redevelopment or development. So it's a tenant that is clearly going through some growing pains.  They're looking to see where their growth is coming from and they have a number of different formats now as well as trying out some new opportunities where they're going to be putting some delivery kiosks in department FEELGD. They have a number of different sized prototypes to help them penetrate markets that might have kept out the super center before. Plus their credit is still Double-A. Tough to argue with Double-A credit. We still feel confident that they're a player for the long haul. They've been putting a lot of money in to the omni channel. Clearly they've been going up against Amazon. And I think hopefully this holiday season is a positive one for them.
David Henry: We run pretty reasonable credit loss reserves when doing our budgeting process. The credit loss [indiscernible] you saw in this quarter is specifically tied to a tenant that filed for bankruptcy that we have cam bills that haven't been paid but our overall reserves covered most of that. As we look in to 16, as Conor mentioned, the watch list is relatively short. We don't see mass amounts of bankruptcies happening. If they did, it would definitely impact us like it would impact everybody else but we feel pretty confident about the reserve levels we have today.
Glenn Cohen: It's Glenn. You asked about the tax implications. We've dealt with most of the tax implications for this year. That's why we've kind of staged where we're with what we've sold into RioCan. The taxes are roughly around 12.5% of the gain. So that gets paid off in Canada. We get that as a deduction in the U.S. against our own REIT income, so we feel pretty comfortable with where we're. It won't be certainly an issue for 2015's dividend. There's no requirement for a special dividend or special distribution and we feel comfortable as we start to look into '16 that we can deal with those gains as well. We've done a lot to accelerate, tax depreciation, we've done what's called cost segregation studies to bifurcate the way the assets are and the timing of when you depreciate those assets. Overall when you put it all together we feel pretty comfortable that there's no requirement for special distribution.
Glenn Cohen: The U.S. for the rest of this year for Q4 we have about $400 million left to sell which is either under contract or accepted offers where due diligence has already begun. Thereafter starting in early 2016 and beyond our disposition program really turns in to more of an asset management function and pruning just the bottom percentage of the portfolio on an ongoing basis. So you may see 150 plus or minus million per year of disPOs [ph] but that's ongoing management, not any need to sell or additional transformation that needs to be done.
Glenn Cohen: We still have our target of 90% of small shops which we think is achievable especially once the disposition program winds down. Many of the assets we're selling today are either 100% occupied or near that mark, so if you take that out of the shuffling of the portfolio we think 90% is achievable by the end of next year and we see the volume in terms of the pending deal is significant and continues to improve.
Glenn Cohen: The nice thing about the Albertson's investment is that we'll have a marketable security that we'll be able to control when we want to sell. They're a great strategic partnership.
Glenn Cohen: It's not really awash because we get a deduction, not a credit, the way it works on our own read. So you do have the, the deduction we're getting as it relates to our U.S. REIT comes in to play relative to our dividends paid reduction but the cash you actually have that goes out in Canada is the 12.5% of the gain.
Glenn Cohen: The 3% plus target is one we feel confident we can achieve mainly because of our strategy of buying great real estate with great market rents. This is really how Kimco is built. We think embedded value in our portfolio is significant in the market opportunities and potential opportunities we have. Either identify or ones we're working on identifying. We still feel the opportunity is there for us to harvest that embedded growth and showcase that we can produce the 3%. The portfolio is a lot different today than it was just even a few years ago. If you look at our concentration across the country, we're really focused on the top growing markets that have diverse economies, high educated, high affluence and really a tremendous opportunity for us to continue to improve the tenants, improve the credit of the retailers, as well as the rent. So we think we're in a perfect spot to take advantage of this opportunity where the open air shopping center has really become the most in demand in terms of the retailer spectrum.
Glenn Cohen: It's really, the softness I think circled around a few tenants we've been watching for many, many years and we think that the watch list we have continues to be one of the shortest we've ever had in our history so with the new retailer concepts coming out as well as the opportunity for us to reposition some of these assets, we still feel confident.
Glenn Cohen: Even on the renewal side and option side, you're seeing mid-single digit running like in the 6% range on just [indiscernible]. So it's pretty possible.
Haendel St. Juste: My question is on Walmart. A top five tenant of yours. We've heard incrementally negative news from them recently as they grapple with competition both on the ground and from the internet, slowing the pace of openings of some of their smaller and their larger stores while continuing to close their medium size stores. Curious what you're hearing and seeing from them and potential implications for your portfolio.
Haendel St. Juste: They mentioned in their Investor Day that revenues are going to keep expanding where their NOI is going to be hurt in the short-term, they're going to have to on the payroll side, they've agreed they're trying to pay their employees a little bit better. But they see themselves in three or four years getting back to the same NOI growth that it had previously and they're a big battle ship. It's hard to turn. They're really working hard to do the right thing and be proactive. They're big. A lot of these other retailers will do nothing and they're in bankruptcy in five years because they haven't done it. They're trying to be proactive to see what the customer wants. They're willing to take a little short-term pain to get there.
Haendel St. Juste: And maybe thought the most appropriate followup but curious if you share thoughts on leasing spread. It's bounced around the last couple quarters but generally been in the low digits. Curious how we should think about that the next few quarters.
