David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Frank. Thank you, all, for joining Kimco's first quarter 2015 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, Chief Executive Officer; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Cohen, CFO; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Before we begin, I want to mention that Kimco plans to host an Investor Day on December 10 of this year in New York City. We will be sending a save-the-date notice out shortly with more details, but wanted to make everyone on this call aware of it so you can mark it on your calendar. Thank you. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David F. Bujnicki: We're ready to move to the question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]. Frank, you may take our first caller.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Frank, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found on our supplemental as posted on our website. Have a good day.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Thanks, David, and good morning. 2015 is off to a strong start. Our solid first quarter results are the product of strong execution on all fronts, including leasing, acquisitions, dispositions, redevelopments and capital raising. As we reported last night, headline FFO per share, which represents the official NAREIT definition, was $0.37, up from $0.34 last year, an 8.8% increase and $0.02 higher than first call consensus. The improved performances is attributable to higher NOI contribution from the operating portfolio, lower G&A expenses and higher transactional income from our investment in Albertsons, which contributed $6.5 million or $0.015 per share growth year-over-year. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes nonoperating impairments and transactional income and expense, was $0.36 per diluted share for the first quarter, up from $0.34 last year, a 5.9% increase. This level of per share growth was achieved even after a $0.055 per share diluted impact from the significant transformational portfolio, including the substantial liquidation of our share of assets in Mexico totaling $480 million, nonstrategic U.S. asset sales of $850 million and the impact from currency fluctuations. The diluted impact was more than offset by the purchase of 5 quality assets totaling $2.1 billion over the past year, many from our joint venture programs including the Kimstone acquisition during the first quarter, and by our reduced debt cost from refinancing higher coupon debt. Our portfolio operating team kicked off the year with solid results, delivering U.S. same-site NOI growth of 3.2% and combined same-site NOI growth, which includes Canada, of 3%, before the negative 100 basis point impact on currency. The same-site NOI growth was achieved primarily from top line revenue growth generated from increased occupancy, which is 95.7% for both the U.S. and the combined portfolios. Leasing spreads were strong with a 19.1% increase on new leases signed and 8.1% for renewals and options, bringing combined leasing expense to 10.1% for the first quarter. We were very active on the capital raising front. During the quarter, we sourced a new $650 million term loan with a final maturity in 2020 priced at LIBOR plus 95 basis points. We used the proceeds to repay a $400 million term loan, which was priced at LIBOR plus 105 and to partially fund the Kimstone purchase. In addition, we issued a $350 million 30-year bond and a coupon of 4.25% yielding 4.31%, including the lowest 30-year coupon in the REIT industry and extending our weighted average maturity profile by 2 years. As a result of the significant acquisition volume in the first quarter, our net debt to recurring EBITDA is 6.6x and 6.4x when you pro forma for the full quarter EBITDA from the Kimstone acquisition, which was closed in February. We expect to bring net debt to recurring EBITDA back to 6x by the end of the year, consistent with our stated objective of operating in a 5.5x to 6x range. Our liquidity position is in excellent shape, ending the quarter with over $1.6 billion available on our revolving credit facility and as another source of low-cost capital. Based on our strong first quarter results and expectations for the balance of the year, we are raising our headline FFO per share guidance range to $1.50 to $1.55 from the previous range of $1.45 to $1.53. The headline FFO guidance range includes $32.4 million or $0.08 per share gain from the partial monetization of our SUPERVALU investment, which was completed during the second quarter. We are also increasing our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to $1.42 to $1.45 from the initial range of $1.40 to $1.44. We are reaffirming our operating guidance assumptions for occupancy of 25 to 50 basis points and U.S. same-site NOI growth of 3% to 3.5%, as well as our acquisition and disposition targets. Keep in mind the guidance range is sensitive to timing of acquisitions, dispositions and financing initiatives. And with that, I'll turn it over to Conor.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure, Samir. Well, obviously, the leverage is up due to the Kimstone portfolio. We brought on balance sheet roughly $1.1 billion of debt, and it is our goal to bring it back down to the 6x level. As I mentioned, it's 6.4x today when you really pro forma in the full amount of the EBITDA, right? We closed in the beginning of February, so you're missing a full month of EBITDA. So you have to really start at that 6.4x. And then we have multiple options and levers to pull. Selling the SUPERVALU stock is one piece to it, which happened in the second quarter, so that will help bring down leverage. That's an asset sitting on our books that had no EBITDA, so the cash will go to reduce debt there. We have the balance of our sales that we're working through as well. And we do have our ATM program in place, which, at the right time, we'll be able to use, and we've modeled that into our forecast. So we feel comfortable that we'll get it down one way or another to 6x by the end of the year.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Well, again, it's up. It's up modestly, right? If you look at where it is, it's only a few million dollars up. So it doesn't move the same-site NOI needle all that much. And part of it is a little better performance really coming from this Kimstone portfolio, which is not in the same-site NOI number. But overall, the portfolio is performing better. So it is early in the year, though. But we feel comfortable with our guidance range.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, it's a good question, Christy. We have an open dialogue with Whole Foods. As you've heard in my remarks, we have a number of deals pending with them in different forms of construction. So we do think that it's going to be an added benefit to our portfolio, especially when you look at the size that they're considering because many times when we try and add a grocery component to one of our assets, the size of the box sometimes restricts what kind of retailers we can add. So I think their price point going after the millennials, trying to probably be a little bit more competitive with some of the new specialty grocery concepts that have done so well in the recent years. I think that's their strategy, and I think it's a good one because I think that they have, for a long time, been the highest price point in terms of the grocery sector. And I think if they launched a competitive line of millennial-targeted grocery stores, I think it will fit nicely within our portfolio and others.
Conor C. Flynn: The ICSC in Vegas is really -- it's a time and a place to go through the portfolio, but also think strategically with our retail partners. We've obviously upgraded our portfolio. We're adding a lot of redevelopment projects in the out years as well as some development projects. So I'd like to think of it as a way to look at the out years, to try and see what we can do strategically together and where our retailers are expanding and what they're looking for from the landlord today. I think the landlord's perspective has changed in terms of what we want to try and offer at the shopping center. And we want to see what the retailers are looking for as well in terms of what we can do to be a more proactive landlord. So hearing from them, obviously putting -- getting together with some of our largest partners is always a benefit and seeing what they believe is in store for the year ahead and years ahead.
Conor C. Flynn: Absolutely. They have some pretty significant store counts that they need to fill, and they are looking at all of our ground-up developments as well as our redevelopment. So they're very aggressive in trying to get into the high-quality shopping centers. And the supply and demand is definitely in the landlord's favor, and we're utilizing that to the best of our ability and making sure that we have the right portfolio to grow with our retailers.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, it definitely compresses the cap rate when you can add the grocery component into a power center. It's probably between 50 to 150 basis points depending on the location and who the surrounding retailers are. But not just from a cap rate compression standpoint, it's a great thing to boost surrounding retailer sales because the traffic flow is dramatically increased when you have that grocery component. And originally, we thought that this new strategy was only going to be dedicated toward the specialty grocer sector. But what's been a huge boost for us is now the traditional grocers are trying to take advantage of this as well, and it might have something to do with the supply and demand factor where boxes are just not readily available. So when we can put together spaces for these grocery concepts, it's fantastic for us.
Conor C. Flynn: And multi-family developers are really driving up prices in terms of land. So we really -- when you do a retail development versus a multifamily development, it's really hard to make the numbers pencil.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, we actually saw the snow have a 15 to 20 basis point impact on our same-site NOI numbers this quarter.
Conor C. Flynn: It's part of our simplification strategy, that is a JV that back last year, if you remember, we split the portfolio into 2, and this was the remainder of that portfolio. We are in the market with that portfolio, and we'll see what the pricing comes in at. But it's a portfolio that has some good locations, but also is mixed. So we're marketing it as a portfolio to see what kind of price discovery we can find.
Conor C. Flynn: I think it's a little of both. Historically, we have been running as the low cost provider and many of our assets, I think, require some upgrading. So you're seeing that in terms of when we reposition an asset with a new anchor, we want to make sure that we bring the asset up to a competitive level. So we are investing quite a bit in terms of redevelopments as well as some property upgrades to help curb appeal, and the TIs have ticked up a little bit, but I think that's part of our strategy going forward.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that I think size makes a difference when you have a controlling interest in specific submarkets. So as you can see when you look at our map, we're trying to get a lot more concentrated around the major gateway markets because we believe that there is significant pricing power when you can control significant submarkets, and that's what we're trying to get to. I don't think that the size necessarily matters in our sector because of the amount of strip centers that are in the population. But if you can concentrate your ownership around corridors, retail corridors that are very successful, then you can use us to your advantage.
Conor C. Flynn: It really depends on where those -- when you double in size, where those assets are. If you own the 3 or 4 corners in the best market, absolutely, then you can definitely use that to your advantage as leases roll and you can see how to upgrade the tenants and push rents. But again, and maybe, it'll add significant redevelopment opportunities when you do control a lot more real estate. But it really is, I think, market specific and what you want to try and capture there, is where the growth is coming from.
David B. Henry: No, we really haven't. We think it's going to remain muted for quite a while. The few developments you are seeing are generally smaller and generally food anchors. So those large 800,000 to 1 million square-foot large scale spec developments of years ago, they just haven't come back yet. So the total supply in terms of new supply, we expect to remain very, very low for a while. Remember, we're still in a recovery mode in terms of rents getting back to previous high levels. So the economics are still tough for developers to make a lot of sense for a lot of [indiscernible].
David B. Henry: Well, we think we have 2 benefits. One is the total size and the number of properties we have, but also being national in scale. That helps us with retailers. We're at the top of their list in terms of landlords they want to sit down and talk to and review their expansion plans and their desire to meet their store count. So it does give us a little bit of an edge having so many properties and having so many relationships with these different retailers. It also helps from the cost standpoint on our side. We're more productive and there's more efficiencies in our back office when you spread our cost over so many properties and so many different leases.
David B. Henry: These R&D part of the portfolio, a large portfolio of net leased restaurants we did acquire a couple of years ago that was fairly public. So far, we've sold 42 of those net leased restaurants. Original cost was about $58 million, we've sold them for $70 million. So there were some nice gains in that. We have 29 more to go, 20 of them are under agreement to sell, so we are liquidating those net leased restaurants. But you shouldn't confuse these net leased restaurants with our net leases that we have lots of different net leases with different types of tenants. We just think it's a great time to sell these net leased restaurants and some of these are in secondary markets and the 1031 market in particular is very aggressive right now.
David B. Henry: It may be worth adding that the growing CMBS ability of obtaining financing is helping for the secondary market acquisitions. CMBS is back and financing is available for the secondary assets now.
