Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. We have reason to be proud of our ability to withstand headwinds and improve our core metrics in a soft economy. Notwithstanding these uncertain times, we've strengthened our portfolio, we have divested non-core assets, acquired high-quality assets in tough MSAs and focused on generating higher recurring FFO and creating value. One question on everyone's mind is where is the market going from here? Four years ago, we were at the onset of a strong rally in corporate bonds. Investment grade corporate bonds yielded as high as 9.5% in October of 2008. Since then, yields have plummeted. Corporate BAA yields are below 4.8%. Real estate is, above all, an income-oriented investment, and cap rates are tied at the hip to interest rates. This is just one of the factors hinting at further cap rate compression. Lack of new development in our sector is another. The thirst for yield is in August. Just from a purely income-based perspective, real estate and REITs should be beneficiaries in the current environment. Looking at Kimco in particular, we have a conservative dividend payout ratio of 61% of recurring flows, one of the lowest in our sector. So we believe our dividend is safe and strong. I would like to add an interesting fact that some might not realize. At the end of the year, the much talked about fiscal cliff is looming, the Bush tax cuts will expire and unless some agreement is reached, the dividend tax rate will increase. Currently, ordinary dividends from a REIT are not afforded the special low tax rate of 15% enjoyed by many investors in non-REIT corporations. Ordinary dividends received from a REIT would, therefore, not be affected by the dividend tax increase. So it seems that on a relative basis, the corporations REITs could become even more attractive from an after-tax income perspective. We will continue to monetize our non-retail assets. We will continue to take advantage of unique situations, such as distressed retailers with good real estate and similar opportunities. Now every 4 years, we're just amazed at the performance of the world's best athletes competing during the Olympic Games. Looking at our business, our team of real estate athletes are trained and are prepared to achieve superior performance as well. We are back to our basic retail real estate core expertise and focusing on growing our property cash flow and creating value. Our team is doing great work in accomplishing these objectives. And now, we'd be delighted to answer any questions you might have.
Milton Cooper: The answer is absolutely yes on both. There will be opportunities. The conventional supermarket has strained from the warehouse clubs that are 70% food, from Wal-Mart superstores, from the specialty retailers such as Whole Foods. From all these, there is just avalanche of new users and wherever there is a retail that's distress with strong real estate, that's been our strong suit for a long time. So the answers is an unequivocal yes.
Milton Cooper: No. Insofar -- first, let me take the latter part first. There are sellers who are very worried where tax rates will be next year. And they feel this is the last shot that they have at the lower capital gains, right? So how much we'll be able to get in year-end closings, I don't know. But we're certainly trying to be fast on our footwork to accomplish opportunistic purchases is one of the reasons Glenn has kept the balance sheet so strong. Insofar as the retailers are concerned, I don't think -- they must expand. Just imagine retailers depend on people working in the stores and those people are the ones who deal with their customers and if the retailer is stagnant, it's going to lose its best people. You wouldn't want a sister or a relative to be working in the store where there'll be no opportunity to become an assistant manager as they grow stores managers. So if retailers do not expand, they -- it's a self-fulfilling prophecy about losing good people. So I don't see the capital gains or the tax issues as an inhibition on moving forward with new stores.
Milton Cooper: I happen to believe, over time, tax returns are a factor, but people still want to have yield. I remember when there was an excess profit tax and taxes were as much as 90%, people still want to invest to get the other 10%. They will look at relative opportunities. And with yields as anemic as they are, real estate and cap rates have a very large spread, historically high spread between 10-year treasuries and cap rates. So I think the demand will increase.
Glenn G. Cohen: I don't see us doing another deal this year, Christy. We have taken care of what we think we can do so far. We've prefunded our debt maturities that are coming up. It's a very well-spread maturity profile. But the program of continuing to try and modestly produce leverage and bring our net debt-to-recurring EBITDA into that mid-5x range, no higher than 6, is where we want to target. So we're just going to continue on the path we've been on.
Glenn G. Cohen: It's fairly modest, Alex. Because to Dave's point, in Canada, we are naturally hedged so you have more interest expense as depending on which way the dollar goes, there's the income goes so they kind of offset each other. Mexico, again, has a little bit more of an impact. But on an overall basis, it's relatively modest.
Glenn G. Cohen: Correct. It is, Andrew. When we came out with our original guidance, we had incorporated selling it by the end of the third quarter. So we've built in the last quarter. It's the bulk of it.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, again, we've had preferred, perpetual preferred as a component of our balance sheet for a long time. I think the way you we see it now is it's going to stand at around $800 million. We don't really expect to increase it much more. We've kind of used it as a somewhere at around 10% of our balance sheet, of our capital structure being in the preferred component. So we'll try and keep it around that level. The metric, though, even the net debt plus preferred to EBITDA, if you look at that metric, it has come down quite a bit as well over these last couple of years. So we do watch it in total. But we look at that metric. We look at fixed charge coverage, which continues to improve as well. And I think you're going to see much further improvement next year as we get the benefit of the refinancing of these 2 preferreds, I mean we're going to save at $11...
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, at the time we did our term loan, our term loan was priced at the time probably 120 basis points tighter than what we could have done in the unsecured bond market, which is why we went that route. The preferred that we've done are really refinancings of much more expensive preferreds, right? We have one that's 7 3/4%, one that was at 6.55%. So we brought them down to 6% and 5 1/2%. So those are just straight refinancings that way we look at them. The unsecured bond market more recently has tightened. You've seen deals that are getting done 40, 50 and 60 basis points through their secondaries. So it's a market we constantly watch and we always try to be opportunistic. So we'll continue to watch and if it makes sense, we would tap it.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. It just reflects back in the first quarter, we had an unduly large 40% new leasing spread driven by the Target taking over an old Kmart lease in Staten Island, New York, so that obviously averages way up in that first quarter.
Glenn G. Cohen: As we've generally talked about, a mid-single digit leasing spread in this environment to be a good run rate absent any more significant macro issues. There'll be pluses and minuses every quarter as there always are, but trend lines, I think, second quarter reflects where we are as a portfolio.
Glenn G. Cohen: It remains relatively consistent actually this year on -- slightly lower than the first half of last year, but again it was nothing that implies any structural shift in dealmaking.
David B. Henry: Well, I'll take a quick stab at Latin America. There are still some residual effects from, call it, the Great Recession in terms of local rents rolling down a little bit from some of the very high levels we had. But the sample is small. The actual number of leases you have to look at is small. And the underlying trends are strong. The retailers have resumed their expansion. We're seeing lots of demand. And what's encouraging is the small shops just like the U.S., are coming back in Mexico. So we expect over time that, that will reverse. In Canada, it's all good. Some of the -- again, we have a smaller sample up there than we do in the U.S. so I wouldn't take away any distinct trends in terms of the shorter leases up there. The demand is strong.
David B. Henry: I think you have seen the company accelerate its disposition activities. We are being very deliberate, and we're committed to selling these lower-tiered assets and we are heartened by the fact that the market is improving for these lower-tier assets. I think it's because so many people have tried to buy the higher quality and there's just so many bidders that they're forced to go down a notch in terms of the markets to get their -- to get retail today. So we are seeing cap rates improve a little bit even in the secondary markets, which is good. So we're committed to it. And we have accelerated it over time. And we are trying to take advantage of the decline in the market to do it. Conversely, we are trying to be very careful about what we buy and make sure it's the better stuff and we're trying to do as many off-market situations as we can. So you'll continue to see us do this recycling activity.
David B. Henry: Well, I'll just take a very high level. As you probably know, in Canada, we're pretty effectively hedged between both the Canadian mortgage we have that are in Canadian dollar terms and the equity we've invested has been in the form of Canadian dollar-denominated bonds. So the investment, itself, in Canada is pretty well hedged although the income is not so. We're subject to fluctuations there. Mexico is a little different because we have very few mortgages although we do have some Mexico peso mortgages. And we have a relatively modest peso line of credit that we have used to fund some of the equity. But in Mexico, we are relying in large measure on the cost-of-living increases that are built in every single lease in Mexico. So since 40% of the income does come from strong tenants like Wal-Mart and Home Depot, we can pretty much count on that. So to the extent the peso weakens, it's generally because inflation has picked up and we do get a corresponding offset in terms of the revenues. So I think we're pretty well hedged long term.
David B. Henry: I would say both, I would say both. Clearly, there's a thirst for yield. People are just tired of sitting on cash. Real estate, especially good decent real estate, remains an inflation hedge on one hand and a cash-yielding asset that exceeds all kinds of alternatives from treasuries to corporate bonds. So real estate is increasingly in favor. Retail is one of the established food groups, if you will, for all kinds of investors. And there is a frustration in terms of a limited supply of truly high-quality retail in primary markets. So just like every other cycle, it has now moved downwards towards the B properties. It's interesting to look at a country like Canada where the cap rates are much more compressed than here in the U.S. The difference between the As and Bs and the Cs is much more compressed than here and I think you'll eventually see the U.S. move towards that same sort of situation where cap rates will begin to move more together.
David B. Henry: Yes, by necessity as there's a shrinking supply of stores that are having to take a harder look at stuff that they passed up. There are so many good national retailers that are committed to increasing their store count. And there's this critical momentum to these expansion plans that they're forced to look at all kinds of alternatives. And they want immediate occupancy. They don't want to go back in the old days of wait 3 or 4 or 5 years for a new development project to get entitled and get built and so forth. So they are taking a harder look at boxes they didn't look at before.
David B. Henry: In terms of losing InTown, yes, you're right. Most of it will occur. We think this asset will remain effectively on our books this year because even if we started the closing process tomorrow, there are mortgages to be just assumed, and by definition, that always takes a while.
David B. Henry: Well, let me go back to one of the questions that was asked about cap rates on these B markets. I think it's a very broad range and it depends on how secondary or tertiary the markets are. But we're seeing cap rates range from 8% to 10% on these kinds of markets. And what's interesting to me, there are markets, let's just take a Jacksonville, Florida, which are not perceived to be gateway cities or 24-hour cities or "primary markets" that a lot of the institutions would look at. But we would consider that a very solid B market and there is a bit of an arbitrage today between the cap rates on equal quality shopping center in Jacksonville versus perhaps Long Island, New York metro markets. So that would be one example. Now if you go all the way to the other end of the spectrum, to Huntsville, Alabama or something like that, that would be considered a pretty tertiary market and have not much appeal to the institutions. There may be local buyers that believe they can make something happen to that asset and create great cash flow. So as we sell our B properties, depending on the market, we're selling a lot to local investors that aren't concerned about how secondary or tertiary that market is. They like the cash flow and their local people. They believe they can make something happen with these assets.
David B. Henry: I mean the trend line is good. We feel good about the short-term trend line. We, like the rest of the world, worry about everything from Europe to the fiscal cliff and so forth, so we're very reluctant to give you a prediction. But on the ground, we are feeling good. Our leasing people are feeling good, and our regional presidents are feeling good about what's happening short term.
David B. Henry: No, I do think over time you are going to see the basket of properties we have a Mexico achieve comparable levels to the U.S. These are generally very high quality properties. Unfortunately, they were developed at the top of the cycle, if you will, and they've been a little bit slow to lease up and some of the structural items that happened in Mexico have slowed it down from an international retailer perspective. But it's all green signs for the moment, as I mentioned, in my comments. People like Home Depot have resumed strongly their expansion plans and we're seeing improvement on the small shops now. The Mexican economy is over 4% GDP growth. Unemployment is very low. Manufacturing is very strong. It's got great oil revenues. Believe it or not, tourism is still doing well there. And the election is now behind them. Every 6 years people hold their breath in Mexico and now that's behind them, so retailers are much more confident about making plans. And our leasing people in Mexico also feel very good today about some of the leases they have pending and some of the retailers that they're working with to expand. And as I mentioned before, when you're dealing with a market of 100 million-plus people and only 1,000 shopping centers versus the U.S. with 300 million-plus people and 100,000 shopping centers, it's just a different dynamic. But there's every reason to believe that, over time, the occupancy will achieve the U.S. level. And then we will see better than normal growth because of the CPI increase that's built into even the anchor leases.
David B. Henry: Well, let me take the latter first because it's something we're particularly proud of. It's the sales on air rights that was done in our RioCan joint venture actually 4 years ago. We just needed the cash 4 years ago and some of conditions precedent to booking that income we were able to get done this quarter. So I think it was $5 million or $6 million in term of an air right sale in Canada orchestrated by our friends at RioCan. So that was the primary driver of the transaction income in Canada, although we did, I think, we got some income on some other things and then we got Albertsons in the U.S. so -- but in terms of Canada, I think there was a little bit of other income out there as well. Honestly, it's a smaller sample in Canada, as we mentioned, but we don't see any real slowdown there particularly among the U.S. retailer demand for space in Canada. People like Marshalls and you just read about Lowe's making a major move to expand in Canada. These things are driving some good things in Canada. And as you know, it has about 1/2 the retail space per capita that the U.S. had. The economy of Canada is strong and so forth. So underlying some perhaps noise in some specific leases that might have rolled down or something like that, the underlying fundamentals of Canada are strong. I don't think we've ever been below 97% aggregate occupancy in Canada. So it's -- we still feel very good about it. We have converted a couple of preferred equity investments into long-term joint ventures and some of those projects, I think, had a little bit lower occupancy and perhaps some of the leases are a little bit less than some of the RioCan leases. But in general, we -- honestly, we don't see any clouds up there at all.
David B. Henry: It certainly entices us to take a hard look at valuations in Mexico and look at possible ways to create value for our shareholders over time. The Fibra UNO transaction, as you know, is little bit complicated in terms of it's multi-property type. There was some development assets in that. So it's a little bit tougher to get a good handle on the exact net cap rate, if you will. But we're looking at it. I think that's a fair thing to say.
David B. Henry: First of all, there's just a huge difference between expanding an existing shopping center or building out some land that you already have in your inventory versus, call it, the prerecession days when people would buy 100 acres of land and spend the next 5 to 10 years getting it zoned and then titled and fighting off the environmentalists and then working with major anchor tenants to do pre-leasing and then arranging for construction financing and equity financing and so forth. The retailers do not have the patience for that anymore. A lot of them got caught up in bankruptcies and half completed development deals. Secondly, the economics are tough. Rents haven't recovered enough to really justify a significant amount of new construction. On an incremental basis, where you already own the land, where you already own the center, it's much easier to make the numbers work. So you will see the redevelopment activity pick up a little bit, but it's nowhere close to the addition to supply that we saw in the old days, if you will. And it's going to keep demand higher than addition to supply, I think, for quite a while. Now it's hard to say at all it won't come back at some point, and I'm sure it will, because everything's is cyclical. But the old days of buying these big sites and adding millions of square feet to new supply, which by the way, was somewhat dependent upon growing housing and we're probably a long way away from the growth in housing or "rooftops" again to justify all that. So I think you're going to see limited supply for quite a while.
David B. Henry: Well, we'll give you one great example. We bought out our partner on Towson Place. This was a very high quality asset with very, very high rents and so forth so we've taken that out of the investment management business, if you will, and it's on balance sheet. We haven't sold it off at all. So I think there are situations where we have bought out our partners on the very high-quality stuff. But I don't think anything dramatically different is going on in the investment management portfolio than our general portfolio. And in general, many of these joint ventures have very high quality properties and so perhaps you do have some top of the market rents that rolled down a bit. But we're very happy, generally, with the quality of what we have in the investment management business.
David B. Henry: Well, you're right. We have less than 20 total properties in 3 countries at all. What we have has been successful. In Chile, in particular, where we have, I think, 15 properties they've been very successful for us; Peru, we have 2; and Brazil, we have 2. So it's a foothold. It's been a place cardholder coming out of the recession, if you will, as we concentrated on Mexico. I think the challenge for us from our shareholders, from our board, from Milton is prove the case in Mexico. Get what you have in Mexico leased up, have it produce wonderful FFO earnings, and if that indeed happens, then perhaps we can expand what we have already -- the seeds we have planted in South America. But it's fair to say our focus and our concentration today is on Mexico and making that a very profitable part of the total portfolio that we have.
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, we have had the balance sheet capacity to buy for our own account, if you will. So as we have found good high-quality acquisition, we have put them on our books. And as we have sold assets, both nonstrategic retail asset and our non-core asset, we've had capital coming into the shop, if you will. So rather than needing institutional capital, we've been able to use our own capital. That is not to say, over time, we will go back to some of our very valued partners and help us acquire a very competitively priced asset because to Milton's point, as cap rates continue to decline, we may need to tap the pension funds and the life company to be competitive because some of those cap rates are getting very, very low. But for now, you are right. We are buying more on our own balance sheet than needing institutional capital.
David B. Henry: And before you compute the math on the dilution, Michael, remember some of the non-retail assets that we have sold, some of our urban properties, as an example, were totally nonearning so we sold them at effectively 0 cap rate and that capital comes back into the equation, if you will.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Craig, I would just add that, to echo Dave's point about Mexico, it is a small sample size. Mexico still has very strong positive same-store NOI because leasing in absolute terms, coupled with the annual cost-of-living adjustment on existing tenants more than outweighs some small negative leasing spread for a small sample. I'd also say that, overall, these terms are a little bit shorter. I think that reflects the changing composition of the new leases signed whereas historically there's been more anchors. Now, we're getting more small space leased up and those terms are generally smaller -- shorter. So you're going to see the average terms of lease shorten up a bit as we fill up the small spaces.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I would say it's more broad-based. Now clearly, Nate, to the extent we filled an anchor, that always has a positive effect. But I think more than anything, we've seen a lot of traction in our generally stronger geographic markets. We've also seen an increased demand as we've talked about in earlier calls from the national retailers, franchise concepts, et cetera that are filling the space. The markets for a true mom-and-pop demand is so somewhat tepid and that is also very geographic-focused. So I would sum it in saying that it's been a broad-based improvement, but clearly a bias towards the stronger geographic markets. Now, the 1% occupancy increase in the small stores, about 60 basis points of that was due to absorption and 40 basis points was due to our recycling efforts, getting rid of properties that had structural and chronic vacancies that we felt would not -- never lease up or not lease up for the foreseeable future.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Mike, I've been doing this too long to predict things 12 to 18 months out. We would like to get the occupancy up to an 85-plus percent level within the next 12 months. But a lot of things need to happen so I can't -- I really don't want to make that a prediction. I think the big part of it is where the economy goes in the short term. There has been a slowdown. That doesn't certainly mean it's going to go in reverse, but the timing and the relative demand of small shop leasing, certainly the backbone is the strength of the economy. So we'll see where that takes us.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And Jeff, I think the tagline is that the investment management program in terms of -- have been relatively stable in terms of their composition with some movement out like the Towson example and the rents have moved a little, the average rents, but not something which would detect a fundamental shift in the underlying quality or composition of the portfolio. In one particular portfolio where there was a little bit more meaningful shift down in the average rent, it did have to do, to Dave's point, with particularly roll down as that portfolio has a concentration of properties in the Las Vegas and Reno markets.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, I think, Michael, the rough number averages out to about 6.9% cap rate on the acquisition and 9% on the disposition. I think those are good numbers to use for your financial analysis. And the one comment I'd make on the dispositions. We've talked a lot in this conference call about B properties, I would submit that many of the assets we sold in this first rush would qualify as C properties. So it's very different type of asset and even in good -- Milton's saying they're even D properties. So put that in perspective as I give you those cap rates.
Michael V. Pappagallo: That is correct. And again, the statistics I've given you reflect the sum total of the activity, which goes back to September of 2010 as we've got the more recent transactions, obviously the cap rates have trended lower, versus those that we acquired late in 2010. Again, just a reflection of the marketplace, but it does average out to the numbers I provided to you.
Michael Bilerman: It's actually Michael Bilerman speaking. I just want to come back just in terms of sort of the portfolio acquisitions and dispositions and tie it a little bit to Milton's comment about investors' thirst for yield being enormous. And it would appear as though if you look at the transaction activity, especially more recently, that more is being done with Kimco's own capital on balance sheet rather than with joint venture partners. And I'm just curious if investors have this enormous thirst for yield, why aren't you using that capital more in terms of the existing investors that you have or seeking new investors for funds versus potentially levering up a little bit and taking more assets on balance sheet relative to the assets that you're selling.
Michael Bilerman: And maybe Mike, can you just clarify. You talked about all the acquisitions relative to dispositions in your opening comments and you gave us some of the stats about base rents and occupancy and trade areas. Can you just comment on what the cap rate that you bought, the $900 million, and the cap rate that you sold, $360 million, just so we get a sense of spread and...
Michael Bilerman: Right. I don't think it's even in the 365. I think you've sold more than that as you liquidated like the Valad stake and everything else, that you've netted more proceeds from your disposition program.
