Barbara Pooley: Thank you, Cindy. Thank you all for joining the first quarter 2010 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman, Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer. Rob Nadler, President of Kimco's Central Region is also on today's call as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco operating results. Examples include, but are not limited, to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our web site. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers may have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue, if you have additional questions and if we have time at the end of the call, we'll address those questions. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks, Milton. We're ready to move ton the – on to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Please respect the limit of one question. Operator we're ready to take questions.
Barbara Pooley: We do have it. I do have it. I'm looking – I had somebody go run get it because we did look at down 24-months to see what that looked like.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks. As a reminder, our supplemental is on our website, www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everybody for participating today.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. As Dave has outlined our strategy for Kimco, it's simply back to basics and being the premier shopping center company with a footprint in North America. We will monetize our non-shopping centers as expeditiously as practical and as Mike and Dave have pointed out, progress has already been made in this connection. Our existing shopping center portfolio is geographically and tenant diverse. The only tenants whose rent exceed 1.5% of our total revenue are home depot, TJX, Kmart, Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Costco best by real our hold and Bed Bath & Beyond, all retailers with strong balance sheets selling everyday essentials to the consumer. Home Depot, the tenant with the highest percent of revenues has 44 locations with us. On approximately 40 of these locations, we own the ground, lease it to Home Depot and Home Depot has constructed the buildings at their own expense. Now, our institutional management program enables us to compete aggressively to acquire high quality shopping centers at low cap rates, a combination of the low yield for the best properties and our profit on the various management fees, promotes, et cetera, provides us with a return in the double digits. We will grow this business and there refuse to be no shortage of investor's desire us of the solid year. Our development to exposure is the minimus. So we should have safe, growing cash flows in both stormy and sunny times. What I love about our portfolio is the fact that the land is such a high proportion of total value. The improvements which have modest one-story buildings set on land that because of parking requirements is usually five times as large as the footprint of the building. Overtime, our tenant streams will enable us to profitably hold the land for higher and better retail uses in the future. Now, we've been through many cycles and we've watched the manic depressive mood swings of the American consumer and we can never predict consumer's appetite to save or spend, but as I have pointed out many times, the population of the U.S. will grow by about 3 million people a year and at the end of ten years, we will add the present population of Canada, Australia, so as night follows day, land values, commercially zoned land, will substantially increase. Last week, I spent some time in Canada to celebrate our joint venture with Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board. We have a fabulous platform in Canada and a great leader in our Kelly Smith. A 50% interest in RioCan our joint venture has grown in value and has a wonderful base of future growth, Kudos to Dave Henry, who brought us to Canada, when the Canadian dollar was $0.65 and cap rates were in the high nines. Now, permit me to say a few words about Mike Pappagallo. This month we celebrate Mike's permits at Kimco since it will be 13 years since he joined us, we met for the first time when he was the CFO at GE Capital Real Estate. It didn't take more than 40 seconds to know that Mike was perfect for us. His energy is contagious, not only to me, but the entire team. Our team is thrilled with his new role and so am I. We have wonderful bench with invigorated energized outlook and we're confident we can deliver positive results for all of our constituencies. And now we'd be delighted to answer any questions.
Milton Cooper: Quen, the only point I would add is that taking assets from our own balance sheet and placing them into joint ventures is not a primary thrust of our strategy; it's more substituting one partner for another in existing joint ventures or actual new acquisition activity.
Milton Cooper: Well, let's go back. In '08 and the early part of '09, retailers were sitting on their hands, improving their balance sheets, worried and then they found the world did not end, they were worried with the Lehman bankruptcy and others and they regained confidence. At this point some, couple of them have entered a phase of desiring to expand, they still want to reduce costs and one of the costs they want to reduce are rents. So it's tough, but the reality is, as you indicated in your question, the momentum is changing because there are not new developments and as the country is growing, retailers can't sit on their hands. So my sense is that the shift will grow in the favor of the owners of properties and rents will increase overtime. That's my instinct.
Milton Cooper: Well, I would take – or echo Dave's position that most of the remaining lease up requirements are occurring in Mexico and we have seen a pick up from where we were six, nine months ago. What we've talked about in terms of those projects, which are recently completed construction and now we're focusing on stabilization. It's going to be a two year period before we reach stabilization. Different projects have different time lines, but I think that's a rough order of justice. The U.S. is a very different situation where we have been out of the development business now, the KBI business for quite a period of time. We do have a series of remaining projects which do require some further lease up. That's more assets specific, so I think in that situation that – of those remaining projects, I believe there are somewhere in the neighborhood of five projects that are in operating, but are still pending stabilization. I think it will be at least another year plus before we get those stabilized. And that again, reflective of the market, reflective of the areas that they are in and what was a very severe lack of demand a year plus ago, so it will take some time. But the good news in all of that is that proportioned to our entire portfolio is relatively small as we think about the U.S. component.
Milton Cooper: Quentin, could you repeat the second part of your statement because you were fading out? I apologize.
Milton Cooper: Well, I guess the exception has been that Sears has historically put relatively little capital in its stores. There seems to be a change in that and they are beginning to do some upgrading. Now, insofar as Sears and Kmart, their philosophy is it is a cardinal sin to sell anything at a loss, which means they don't have loss leaders and don't generate the same kind of traffic that the other retailers do. That, if you look at the last quarter, has begun to improve. So the jury is out. Sears has some very sophisticated investors who are fans of – they're Eddie Lambert fans and I think it's going to get better. Certainly their balance sheet is very strong.
Dave Henry: Well, let me take the latter first. It's been particularly encouraging to us to watch the flood of investors step back into the commercial real estate markets. This time a year ago – this time a year ago, most investors were very gun shy and whether it was core investments or what they call value investments or core plus, there just wasn't – there just weren't many institutions that were interested. Now with a whiff of inflation in the air and alternative investments providing such low, low income, real estate has regained its favored status and we have existing institutional investors that we have assets with that have asked us to source and find new assets and we have new institutional partners, such as CPP and Cisterra, which we announced today, actively looking to grow their venture assets with us. So we believe we have plenty of sources of capital. Our mission as the operating partner is to find product for these institutions. To date, at least over the past six, seven months, the source of the product has been in our existing joint ventures. We have institutions such as DRA and Pru and UBS wealth management all desiring to reduce the number of assets that they have with us to meet other needs that they have. So that's been the primary source of assets for our institutional partners. But as time goes on, we are certainly in the hunt for new assets and because of our size and scope; we believe we will be successful in finding new assets. On the operation side, specifically with Pru Kim, as you know, we are at the tail end of the sale bucket assets that we are selling. We're down to probably a handful and now we have on the market some of what we call the whole assets and some of those assets we have bought, as you know and some are in the market for sale to third parties.
Dave Henry: It's very difficult to predict. It's certainly fair to say that for a while, we'll be running in place in terms of assets under management because most of the transactional activity we have is substituting one institution for another and in some cases; we have increased our percentage ownership of those assets, such as the PL retail assets. We've actually increased our percentage ownership in that venture. As time goes forward, we will see what success we have in finding new assets and as intimated, we are certainly in the hunt on lots of different things these days and we remain optimistic. We will be able to find a fair amount of additional new assets to feed our joint venture partners and to resume the growth of our assets under management, but it's too early to predict any, or quantify any significant increase in the assets under management.
Dave Henry: As we said in the very beginning, we really like this portfolio and as we started to discuss it with joint venture partners, in most cases, we talked about increasing our percentage and retaining more of these assets than we had in the past. As I mentioned, we are about to close two more with another institution and we will probably at least complete another deal for a package of five of them. At that point we may well pause in terms of selling off the rest of those assets, but we intend to fully do what we started to do many months ago and I think a lot of you have been patient while we've completed the debt assumption process. The deals that we are now closing and are now announcing were actually cut many months ago and it just takes a long time to close these things when you are assuming debt.
Dave Henry: I think you're already seeing the rationalization start. You've seen buyers say that their business plan was A plus properties at very high cap rates and now it's A properties at lower cap rates, it's diamonds in the rough unquote. It's – you are already seeing the rationalization process start and you're certainly seeing high-quality assets selling in secondary markets and you're seeing B assets selling in primary markets. So the cycle is starting already, I would argue.
Dave Henry: Well, let me start – let me start at the – at the beginning. In terms of what we're seeing on the ground in Latin America just like the U.S., we're seeing the economy pick up in some cases dramatically and retailers, once again expanding. Mexico, obviously is particularly interesting to us. They have strong GDP growth. They added – I'm trying to read my number here, 296,000 jobs in the first quarter. So unlike the U.S., they're actually adding new jobs in Mexico. Wal-Mart, as an example, hopes to open 300 new stores in Mexico in 2010 alone. So you're seeing lots of good signs in Mexico. As we've said many times, our job is to provide the credibility by finishing what we have in Mexico and getting it leased and we are now proud to say that construction is essentially completed. All of our projects are now open for business with anchor tenants in place. We have some second phases to finish and a total construction budget of only about $20 million to complete what we're doing in Mexico. We do have two larger projects in South America that are commencing now. But in terms of Mexico, we are largely complete and we have what we think is significant upside as we get that space leased. Time will tell whether new development makes economic sense. I think rents will have to go up materially and returns will have to be material. And I think we've had some lessons learned in our own mind about building smaller rather than larger projects in Mexico. But we are certainly open to looking at opportunities from our valued anchor tenants like HEB and Wal-Mart and Home Depot over time. Part of those Home Depots that Milton talked about earlier, a significant number of them are in Mexico and every single one of these ground leases has a full cost of living increase as opposed to our Home Depot leases in the U.S. So it continues to be intriguing to us to invest in Mexico. Like everybody else, and I'm sorry to be long winded, we have a little bit of concern about the drug violence headlines and so forth. But the truth is underneath those headlines is a strong economy. Industrial production has picked up substantially, jobs are increasing the auto sector in particular is growing again in Mexico. So there's some good things happening there, coupled with the fact that it's so understored, less than a 1000 shopping centers for a population of 100 million people.
Dave Henry: Those are all tough questions. I think we are seeing and some of our – some of our peers are seeing for instance, several grocery stores want to anchor and build new stores in the U.S. So you're already seeing a little bit of development happening, driven by strong anchors that want to have new stores and they're willing to pay higher rents to have that done, particularly in markets like the northeast. So I'd say you're seeing the beginnings of it already in the U.S. Most developers though, can't get financing, most developers can't make the numbers work, so to Milton's point, it's going to be very limited probably for an extended period of time in terms of adding new supply to the U.S. Places like Mexico, you still have concerns. We saw the currency as an example, decrease by about 40% at the height of the crisis. That is a huge factor in considering what yield you should be willing to invest in new developments in Mexico. So I would say for us, there has to be a 300 or 400 basis points difference in unleveraged yield to be attractive again because you are taking currency risk as you move into a market like Mexico. In terms of the small stores, I think you asked a question about that, we are seeing increasing demand from the small stores rents are lower than they were in the beginning. But the leasing activity is accelerating and those rents will accelerate or are beginning to accelerate again. So I think there's a lot of green lights in Mexico for us right now and we're determined to get our centers up to a stabilized occupancy and prove the case. And then we'll take a look at new opportunities.
Dave Henry: Well, first of all, it was a 7.6. We'd like you to at least give us credit for the higher cap rate, which was public. You are essentially correct. I have to be careful exactly how we walk you through the math, but you're essentially correct that the cap rate that we sold the assets into the CPP venture were sold at a lower cap rate than the average cap rate that we bought the entire portfolio. And CPP has authorized us to say that this new cap rate on these assets fully reflects the premium quality of those assets. So the blend, you're right, leaves us with a significantly higher cap rate on the residual assets that we had in the portfolio. I can't give you the exact math because we are limited from what we can say but your theory is essentially correct.
Dave Henry: Again, I – we've negotiated carefully what we can say. We can say that the cap rate paid was less than the average and that the cap rate paid fully reflects the high quality of the assets. And third, that CPP will pay us asset management fees and other fees that are normally in our joint venture agreements. So net, net, net, it's a very nice deal for both parties.
Dave Henry: It's difficult to say what the market cap rate in Mexico is today, because there's been a total lack of transactions for a significant period of time and many investors have withdrawn from the Latin American market, as they've chased better opportunities in the US as cap rates went up for a period of time. Now you're seeing that starting to reverse itself again. You're seeing investors begin to express interest in Latin America, both Mexico and Brazil being high on the – high on the charts. Myself, I believe given that every single lease has a full cost of living factor in it, including our anchors, including the fact that, for instance, every single one of our theaters has a substantial percentage rent provision on top of the CPIs, that that will begin to be very interesting for institutions to acquire these assets that are a much better inflation hedge than retail assets in the U.S. The credit quality of what we have, as you know, our anchor tenant, our income from anchor tenants, I think it's 36%, something like that in Mexico, which is far higher than others. We have over 30 Wal-Mart leases in Mexico as an example, so I believe that as the market recovers, these centers will be in great demand. At the peak, they traded at cap rates of 8%. If you remember, there was several very large transactions in Monterey that traded at an 8. I am not sure I could give you a guess today what the cap rate would be, but it would be above that but I believe it's rapidly going to come back down.
Dave Henry: Well, again, you have two types of assets. Most our investment has been development assets and development yield, as I said, would have to be substantially higher than a U.S. development yield. I would say in the mid-teens before it would start to be intriguing and most of that income would have to come from pre-leasing and anchor tenants. In terms of existing assets, I'd say it would have to be definitely double-digits, 11 or 12, something like that as a base case for us to be interested. But again, there's virtually nothing for sale right now.
Mike Pappagallo: And I would argue we've already seen a fee change. The same real estate departments that were busy reading leases for cotenancy provisions and other outs are now out looking for new store locations. So there's been a dramatic shift already in the way retailers are looking at leasing space and we're seeing it at the field level. We already have a little bit more pricing power than we had this time last year.
Mike Pappagallo: The answer is yes on both scores. We would certainly be interested in disposing of it and we are having preliminary conversations with potential buyers. As you know, this is a joint venture where we have another institutional partner and that institutional partner has now indicated a willingness to sell with us. So that was a very important step. So we can begin discussing the possible sale of that portfolio. However, it hasn't been a good time to sell hotel assets. It is a better time today, but last year was not a good time. It is improving and we are seeing quite significant RevPAR gains in that portfolio. So we want to be careful about, exactly when we push the button and who we push it with, but to confirm your point, we are having some discussions.
Mike Pappagallo: What I'd add to that, Alex, is that on the lending side, you're seeing the reemergence of the securitization program at least from some of the major money center banks who are starting to create programs. If that degree of capital is reintroduced into the marketplace that will further accelerate the ability to trade on the B type properties.
Mike Pappagallo: It's a very good question. I am – I have been waiting for the report, so I've not studied April. I have been anxiously waiting, as you know, March was very, very good fueled by, I think a lot of pent up demand as well as a Easter falling in the first week of April and a lot of the sales hitting in March. Recent meetings that I had in fact as recently as yesterday and the day before with several national retailers, there continues to be just cautious optimism on these guys' behalf, that the consumer is not – the consumer is still buying mostly out of need today and mostly looking to buy necessity goods, which fits well for our particular portfolio. So they're not coming back in herds, but they are coming back. They have pent up demand. The economy seems to be stabilizing and growing again, confidence is increasing, although unemployment figures are still not where people would like to be with the housing sector, but the retailers I talk to are cautiously optimistic. It's very interesting, again, the lack of new product, the guys that have survived this great recession, the solid retailers with good financial statements are sitting on very healthy earnings today. They've done an excellent job of downsizing their overhead and their costs and watching their margins and inventory control. They're in very good position today and some are very actually frustrated, not being able to find as many locations as they would like to fill. I was with Shoe Carnival yesterday who was looking for 30 to 35 and only has 10 to 12 spots right now that they'd like to fill, again, sitting on a lot of cash and in position to grow. So I'm optimistic, cautiously so, but I think there will be good, steady growth this year and I've not – again, I've not studied April but I'm anxious to take a look at it.
Mike Pappagallo: Well, I can tell you that from the original inventory of Linens, Circuit, Value City and a couple of other smaller junior boxes. We had originally 76 boxes to fill with our per rata share generally about 2 million square feet. We have successfully released over half of them. There were also eight or nine or so that were sold. We have seven under letter of intent. That leaves you with about 20 some odd that we are still working in the process and we've had various degrees of interest. But certainly this is the more difficult – the most difficult space in the portfolio. So there will – there will continue to be efforts on it but it may be longer term, more difficult to lease. That said, to echo Rob's earlier point, there is an increasing amount of activity by retailers and some pent up frustration in terms of utilizing their cash and increasing their footprint, so over time if the economy continues to improve and their expansion plans can be met, these boxes can be filled. It will most likely result in lower leasing spreads, so there may be some headline continuation of lower – negative leasing spreads because – driven by these releases, but we recognize that's going to be part of the environment and would be more than happy to accept it and fill these but could be chronic vacancy. But again, putting it all in context, Chris, I mean the 20 some odd boxes that are left represent for Kimco about – on a pro rata basis about 700,000 square feet. You put that in context of our overall portfolio, it's just not very impactful.
Mike Pappagallo: I'm glad you asked. It's a very good question. We are encouraged because as we find new institutional partners, the fee structure has actually improved. Some of these older joint ventures that we have, because they were such large joint ventures, we were not able to negotiate the asset management fees and some of the other fees that we are now able to get in some of the newer joint ventures. So the economics for us is improved with the new generation of joint venture partners and we are being adequately compensated as the operating partner for a whole host of services that range from property management to leasing, to construction management, to providing financing and so forth. So we're happy about the fee structure of the newer joint ventures.
Mike Pappagallo: Well, Mike, the way I would respond to that is from time to time you see a sources and uses of our – for 2010, '11 and '12, we oftentimes publish that in our various public presentations. You will see that we have earmarked an additional estimate of about $100 million per year for what is called acquisition activity and that represents acquisitions, whether it be participation in new JVs, new capital. You also see on the other side of the ledger that we talk about dispositions of retail properties of a similar amount and that's in addition to the joint venture activity that we – like CP that we've talked about. Bottom line is that that base case plan using $100 million of Kimco equity does not contemplate common equity raised for the purpose. There are more significant transactions, very accretive transactions as I've said very often. We would pursue the equity market if it makes sense and we can justify an accretive and value enhancing transaction. But the base case plan now does not require it.
Mike Pappagallo: The two things there, Chris, there was some – this was some of the transactional activity was generated. In one case, it relates to our investment in Albertson's, where that enterprise did sell some facilities, generating a profit and as you know, the Albertson's transaction gains and losses have historically been recognized in our funds from operation. It's in a taxable REIT subsidiary. And secondly in one of our operating properties, we did get an excess distribution on a refinancing of distribution. You can see that as an excess funding or promote, however you want to frame it that also hit the bottom line. Those were the two major drivers of the first quarter transactional activity. I would also mention that that second item was originally contemplated in our budget and in our FFO guidance that you see in the supplemental. The Albertson's transaction was not.Chris Lucas – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
