Ross Cooper: Good morning. I hope everyone is having a great start to their year. I will quickly touch upon a few additional details on the fourth quarter and year-end before getting into the current environment and our external growth expectations for 2023.  As previously mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we closed on the $375.8 million acquisition of eight open-air retail centers from a privately-held portfolio based in the high barrier to entry Long Island, New York market.  With five of the centers grocery-anchored, this acquisition is well aligned with our long-term investment approach, utilizing a combination of cash, the assumption of below-market fixed rate debt and tax deferred down REIT units, we were able to structure an accretive transaction for this generational portfolio.  We are very excited about the potential to create incremental long-term value on these properties with our leasing and our operating platform. Also in the fourth quarter, we closed on another unique opportunity for our structured investment program. We had previously mentioned the $22 million participating loan on a three-property grocery-anchored portfolio in Pennsylvania. In just over four months, our borrower sold the assets for a sizable gain. As such, our loan was repaid and we received a $4 million participating interest. On an annualized basis, our investment yielded a 76% IRR. These two transactions serve to reinforce our already strong operating results. Subsequent to the fourth quarter, we kicked off the year by disposing of two slower growth commodity power centers located in Georgia, which included several watch list tenants, including Bed Bath & Beyond.  We recycled the capital from the sale of these two properties into a 1031exchange on two high-quality open-air grocery-anchored shopping centers in Southern California that were previously held in one of our institutional joint ventures in which Kimco owned a 15% interest. We were successful in securing and purchasing our partners 85% stake of these two last mile centers located in Huntington Beach and Tustin anchored by Avon's Grocer and a soon-to-open 99 Ranch grocer. The demographic profile for the area includes a combined average three-mile population approaching 200,000 people, an average household income in excess of 120,000. In the coming years, we anticipate the growth profile on the two acquired assets will far outpace that of the sold properties in Georgia, a trade-off we continually seek as our portfolio enhancement efforts continue to generate outperformance. We also expect partnership buyouts to yield additional opportunities for us as we move ahead.  As far as the transaction outlook for 2023, we believe Kimco has an enviable position in a market marked by uncertainty and inefficiency. For 18 months through mid- to late '22, liquidity in the sector was abundant and capital was relatively inexpensive.  We saw Open Air necessity-based retail rise to the forefront of investors' minds and appetites with other sectors such as industrial, multi-family and self-storage setting all-time low cap rates, and sectors such as office and enclosed malls experiencing operational challenges. Fast forward to today, the conviction in our focused asset class, open-air grocery-anchored last-mile necessity-based retail remains strong. However, access to capital has certainly tightened with elevated borrowing costs. Institutions such as private REITs, opportunity funds and pensions have seen redemption requests and withdrawals.  This has created additional uncertainty on pricing and a once extremely efficient market has become much less predictable. We view this as opportunity. Kimco has the strongest liquidity in the company's history with over $2.1 billion from cash on hand and our line of credit and our unique access to additional low yield and capital in the form of Albertsons stock, which we expect to continue to monetize in 2023. We plan to take advantage of our position with a combination of select open-air grocery-anchored acquisitions, continued partnership buyouts where appropriate and mixing in opportune structured investments that present themselves in an environment with substantial dislocation. Dispositions will be modest in 2023 as our portfolio has proven to be in very healthy shape with only a select level of pruning and sales of non-income-producing land parcels and holdings. We are excited about the new opportunities that 2023 will bring and while we anticipate that there will always be challenges, we believe we have positioned Kimco to take advantage of the uncertainty to create additional long-term value. I will now pass it off to Glenn to talk about the financial results and forecast for the year ahead.
Ross Cooper: Yes, and in terms of the opportunity set, I mean, we've talked about our different acquisition verticals. We're having lots of conversations in all three components of that. But as I mentioned in the remarks, we do anticipate that there'll be continued partnership buyouts. We were able to execute on the acquisition of two assets from a partnership at the beginning of the year.  We're focused on potential additional structured investments as we start to see some additional dislocation in the market. And then depending on where pricing is and if we see a thong of the market to a certain extent, we'll be active on acquiring open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers. So, we like the fact that we have all three opportunity sets that we can be nimble when they present themselves.
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's a good observation. And to your point, it is still somewhat wide in terms of the bid-ask spread. It's a nuanced market. So every deal is a little bit unique. I would say, historically and in most cycles, it's a pretty efficient market.  But right now, it's fairly inconsistent. So you are seeing select deals getting done but it really depends on having two motivated parties to do so. I would say that we're in a position where we're not forced to do anything. So when the market comes to us, we're happy to continue to invest and to put our capital to work. On the acquisition side, and I would say the partnership buyout side that are pretty closely aligned, we're seeing pricing where deals make sense to us, somewhere in that low six cap range. Now certain sellers are, in many cases, are still looking for pricing from 12 months ago in the low 5s, and that's where you're seeing a lot of the deals going out.  But to the extent that we can obtain assets that are 100 basis points higher than where they were a year ago with very strong fundamentals that really haven't changed based upon all the comments that you heard from Dave and the team here and we feel really good about putting to work in that in that range. And then when you factor in or layer in our structured investment program, which has a higher yield currently in the high-single-digits or low-double-digits, that sort of blends together to get us above our hurdle rate and make our acquisition pipeline and our program accretive from an overall standpoint.  So we'll continue to look to put money to work if we find those Otherwise, we'll continue to stay patient as the year progresses.
Ross Cooper: And then your question about the Kroger-Albertsons merger, we're watching it just like you are. It's an interesting process that they have to go through. Clearly, there is still some hurdles to get over, but it seems to be tracking and continues to move forward. We'll watch it as closely as we possibly can. You've seen the earnings results from both. They are very strong. They both have very complementary portfolio.  So it's one that if the merger were to go through, I think it's a net-net win for Kimco and our shareholders. But if it doesn't go through, obviously, they are both very well capitalized, strong performers, good grocery operators. So we are watching it closely and it's not necessarily clear yet what's going to happen there.
Ross Cooper: That's a great question. It's well publicized as we've all been reading about. I would say that it's a bit more nuanced in the sense that each individual company has their own strategy as to how to obtain that liquidity that they're seeking. We do anticipate in having conversations with a lot of these different groups that there will be some assets that get shaken loose in the process.  But you have to realize that a lot of these companies are generalist investors that own all asset classes. So I think they're going through their own internal analysis as to where they deem most appropriate to look to move certain assets whether open-air grocery sort of aligns with that strategy is yet to be seen. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there are certain asset classes that have been extremely aggressive in terms of the cap rates that they have commanded. So for those companies that have recently acquired multifamily or industrial or self-storage, chances are that they are not looking to move those assets today, at a price that is lower than what they obtained those assets just in the last 12 or 24 months. On the opposite end of the spectrum, there is other asset classes that are much more challenged in terms of an investment profile and the ability to move those assets. So, we do expect that open-air grocery is an asset class that has retained its value as well as any, so that's what we are sort of waiting for, and those are the conversations that we're actively having each and every day.
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Michael, it's Glenn. Again, we took a hard look at just the overall portfolio and look at the – really the environment that we're in today. And there is a little bit more risk. We've started to see some more bankruptcies than we have in the past years and we felt it prudent to just widen the range a little bit and that's just baked into the guidance and it takes into account really the scenarios that we see both top and bottom.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, so as far as the credit loss, again, we know that there are several bankruptcies. Party City, obviously, filed already. Bed Bath & Beyond, obviously, seems to have found the lifeline for the moment. But we have taken into account really all the scenarios around Bed Bath & Beyond in our overall guidance.  And again, as I mentioned, as it relates to the credit loss, again, we did widen the range a little bit to just deal with what we're seeing in the current marketplace today.
Glenn Cohen: We do anticipate a little bit of Q1 normalcy of potential, what we call jingle mail, of tenants closing after the holidays and seeing a little bit of a dip in occupancy in Q1, which is traditional seasonality for us. So we think that, that's, again, reverting back to the pre-pandemic ways of the historical averages.
Glenn Cohen: Right, so that's a great question. So the corporate financing line that you see is really the consolidated portfolio, that's our interest expense and the cost of our preferred. Included in the portfolio contribution above is the pro rata share of the joint venture interest expense and that's about $9 million to $10 million higher than it was last year and again, that's attributable to the rise in rates. There was more floating rate there, debt in the joint ventures.  We have actually swapped out about $0.5 billion of debt in the mid – top of 5% range. So we fixed it, a good portion of it, but that's what's causing the $9 million to $10 million increase over last year.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean in terms of getting to the bottom end of the range, again, more credit loss above what we've baked in could potentially get you there. I mean, at the high end of that credit loss range of being in that $22 million range. You also have some timing issues, right? Timing of when we would monetize our Albertsons investment and the redeployment of that cash comes into play.  The – you also have the retention of tenants versus vacates, so there's a whole assortment of potential timing issues that kind of come into play. So if everything happened later or vacate happens faster, you could wind up more towards that bottom end of the range. But that's kind of how you get there.
Glenn Cohen: No, not right now. There's no box splits on those. Spreads are productive like the vintage of the box, right, maybe some of the older boxes that we have in the balance of the portfolio. Our older leases started at lower rents. Some of them are slightly newer. So it does range. So I think you have to take a broader view on spreads, in general on where you see opportunities.  And I think referring back to Conor's comment about that 15% to 20% over the entire portfolio. This is just a small subset of that.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, happy to. Thanks, Samir, for the question. Look, we think that the capital coming from the Albertsons investment is a big differentiator for Kimco. We've already received a special dividend as we talked about in our opening remarks. We do have the opportunity to monetize another portion of our Albertsons shares similar to what we did last year and the same type of range of value.  The expiration of the lockout is end of May. So that really sort of showcases when we have full potential to take advantage of that and then we have a – Ross can talk a little bit about the menu of options we have to reinvest those proceeds. It's a real opportunistic investment that is going to actually really reward our shareholders because when you think about it, you don't have to issue any equity this year.  We have this investment that's really coming back to us now to redeploy into our core business, which should generate significant earnings growth, not necessarily in this year, but obviously, in the out years, that's where the long-term value creation is really going to shine.
Conor Flynn: And as it relates to the LTA that you mentioned, income in the first quarter, it's associated -- the majority of it is associated with the deal structure that we did with Kohl's. As consideration to the LTA, we helped restructure a lease with them for two locations where we were able to recapture those opportunities just in – one being just in Northeast Philly and the other one just outside of Philadelphia, across the border in New Jersey. And then third to that, we're also able to recapture fee title of an operating box that's a shadow of one of our centers as well. So net-net, there is a positive on both sides there. As it relates to occupancy, it is always fluid throughout the course of the year, depending on the outcomes of Bed Bath and Party City. There could be some volatility on the anchor side of it.  Small shop is extremely robust right now, a tremendous amount of activity there. As you see us now crossing over 90%, which is great. So we'll continue on our stride and hope to meet and exceed our goals.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Floris, Happy to take that. So just to reconcile for us, on the lease economic overall, we're at 260 basis points that was compressed down from 280. So we're down 20 basis points there, which shows two things. One, we're able to get these tenants open and operating, which was a huge achievement considering some of the activity in the environment right now.  So we had a lot of openings in Q4. Outside of that, too, with all the gains in occupancy that you saw as well as in Q4, gaining 40 basis points overall and bringing our small shops up to 90%. As it relates to small shops, specifically, we are at 340 basis point lease economic spread just around $23 million or so baked into that. So there is a huge opportunity there to actually bring those tenants online.  Obviously, you see that growth in the coming quarters, which we're excited about. As we move forward. So, we feel pretty good about that. And then finally – yeah and then our high watermark on small shops was at 91.1%. That was in Q4, I believe it’s 2-19. So our goal is always to meet and exceed our high watermark levels and we'll continue to do our best to achieve that.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, a great set of questions. All rolled into one. So I think you first start with the fundamentals, right? And the fundamentals here on – there is no new development supply on the horizon in the coming years. The COVID inventory that we've talked about in past quarters and continue to talk about now is really the inventory that's available.  Some of that inventory may increase as a result of any bankruptcies, Party City, Bed Bath being the two obvious ones right now as potential to get some space back. But that still is representing a very limited amount of inventory to actually backfill. When you look at us, we're at 98% on the anchor is 90% on the small shops. For high-quality retail, it's really, really hard to find. So the retailers, I think what they're doing is they're seeing through this and saying, hey, where do I find growth, not just next year, but years two, three, four and five. If there's no new supply, I really have to take advantage of what opportunities I see today to set myself up for growth potential going forward to hit my own targets and so I think you continue to see that.  And some lessons learned from past cycles that it's really hard to ramp up a program to find new stores and to grow and to open them and then to shut it down and then try to reramp it again. You're always kind of playing a game of catch-up and you tend to miss the better opportunities early. So I think for some of those well-capitalized retailers, they've sort of seen through that and said, let's continue on our plan.  Let's continue to source and find new opportunities, knowing that if we sign a lease say, midyear'23, we can be looking at a '24, maybe in some cases, a little bit further out as that opening. And as you've seen these market cycles compressed in terms of cycle through the program of dipping and then recovering. It's the time of recovery seems to be compressing much quicker.  So by the time you get these stores open, the intent, hopefully, is that you're if we do go through a bit of a dip that you're on the backside of that and already you're opening during a growth cycle again. So those are a lot of the conversations that we continue to see. On the small shop side, you're seeing service-based tenants, restaurants, et cetera, continue to open and find opportunities. There's still some of that COVID inventory out there that had fully fixturize units that operators can go in and start to operate quickly. We will continue to watch that closely.  Obviously, the discretionary side maybe the full-service restaurants and some entertainment see how that plays out in this coming year, if there's any disruption in terms of the broader markets, but people are really kind of looking through it right now.
Conor Flynn: Hey Craig, great question. So we're off to a good start in 2023. The traffic that we've experienced thus far has been above 2022 levels. I think the consumer continues to gravitate towards the shopping center towards the grocery anchors that we have, towards the off-price users that are getting great value and convenience. So that continues to show well.  The future is still a little unclear. That's why I think from a guidance standpoint and from what we're talking about, we're not necessarily sure what the second half of the year looks like. And so as we've all been talking about so far, so good, the retailer demand is robust. The consumer continues to gravitate towards our product, and we see virtually no new supply on the horizon.  So as we continue to monitor the situation, we feel like the business is on very strong footing allows us to really see into the consumer and their habits. And so far, it looks like we're really delivering on what the consumer is looking for.
Conor Flynn: Sure happy to. Good question, Ki Bin. So it's a long-term strategy for us. As I mentioned in the – in my prepared remarks, we want to activate these entitlements using a CapEx-light strategy, meaning that we really want to increase the value of the asset, unlock that highest and best use without putting a tremendous amount of capital out that doesn't necessarily return a high yield during the construction and development process.  So what we've done is tried to entitle as much as we possibly can across the portfolio, layering in projects each year, so that we can activate – we've been running around 1,000 units a year of how much we have in the active pipeline. We've built over 2,000. We've got a little over 1,000 in the pipeline today. We continue to want to set this up for a long-term value creation.  So it gives us optionality and flexibility to look at each asset and look at those entitlements and say, which should we monetize, which should we ground lease and which should we contribute to a joint venture?  And so the way we've been doing it is we've been monetizing the office entitlements. We've been ground leasing assets where we have multi-family rights filled, but we think that, that market may need a little time to mature.  So in essence, the ground lease gives us time to activate the project without having a lot of capital at risk, but then having a right of first refusal on it to bring it into the core upon the right time and place or the contribution to a joint venture where we see the project is right to participate in the economics and the cash flow growth.  So that's the way we've set up the program. We continue to think that long term, it's a great way to create value on the asset, and we'll continue to monitor which of the – what's the right time to monetize those if we see fit. But that's the way the projects continue to evolve and we've seen great results in terms of being able to actually create an environment, a mixed-use environment, where the multifamily feeds the retail and the retail feeds the multifamily.  And that's the flywheel you're trying to create because you're actually generating higher than market rents on the retail and even higher than market rents on the residential when the environment is complementary.
Conor Flynn: I'll take the first part, for sure. Yes, the free cash flow expectation is around $150 million for 2024. And again, kind of hit on all the – I am sorry, for 2023. You've kind of hit on all the points, right? We have really the free cash flow after dividends, FX, TIs and leasing commissions. And then that's based on the current dividend level at $0.23 a quarter or $0.92 a share for the common. You're right on track with that.
Conor Flynn: Alex. So on the first question on the 12%, that's on the six that we have visibility where we are lining up leases to backfill all of those individual users to take the entire box. On the entire Bed Bath portfolio, you're right, it's a bit higher. We have a 15% to 20% type of range and again, some of those might be opportunistic and we can reposition those boxes.
Conor Flynn: To your point, we've actually been running ahead of that goal. Traditionally, this business has run around a 2% growth profile and clearly, obviously, with the transformed portfolio and a lot of the last mile retail reinventing itself using online as a way to connect to more customers and getting more value out of the last mile store, I think, is the game changer. So your point is well put. I mean, we've been obviously running ahead of that. It's one that we thought a 2.5% plus. That's the target, not 2.5%, 2.5% plus. And so again, exceeding that is our goal and that's what we've been doing so far. So cycles are constant in real estate. And so you've got to make sure that you recognize that over a longer term. We obviously experienced a COVID rebound at really generated outsized results.  And so, as we go through another cycle, it will be – in my opinion, we should probably reset the bar a little higher, but we'll have to wait and see and see how things play out. But so far, so good on that.
Conor Flynn: Yes, so in terms of the UPREIT conversion, it really is intended to be an additional tool in our toolbox. So it's a bit early in terms of finding opportunities to utilize it as we just recently converted. But as you saw with the Long Island portfolio that we acquired last year, we have utilized tax strategy and tax deferred units as a way to differentiate ourselves in a competitive marketplace.  So, we do anticipate that there will be opportunity to utilize it. We'll be selective with it because it is still a form of capital that needs to be accretive when we utilize it. It is something that we've considered for quite some time now. It was previously a bit cost prohibitive, but things have changed in terms of some of the transferred taxes in certain states and so it was – we felt the appropriate time to do it now versus in years past.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, I mean, unfortunately, it is. Every case is different and whether or not it's doing an as is in your handover issuing them a TI check or if you're actually doing a build-to-suit, it's going to range vastly between a single tenant use, a box split or an expansion to actually combine two boxes together for a larger tenant, all has implications and then related to electrical roofing, facade renovations and whatnot. So, I would – what I would say is that it's been consistent over the course of several years. Obviously, we've had inflationary pressures that we've had to navigate through as used with Switch Gear, HVAC, et cetera, that adds some pricing to your overall conversion of a box. But fundamentally, it hasn't changed all that much.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yes, the $100 million net acquisitions, it's a baseline number that we're starting the year with. As I mentioned in the response to Haendel's question, we feel that we're in a wonderful position where we're not forced to do anything. We are waiting for the market to really come to us and when you have a motivated seller, we can move ahead on that transaction.  So we started with a modest guidance that we think that we can certainly achieve and as we see further opportunity as the year progresses, as we showcase our ability to monetize the Albertsons investment and reap the benefits of that additional cash, we're confident that we'll be able to use it. But for now, we've kept a relatively modest guidance range that we'll look to update as things progress over the course of the year.
