David Jamieson: Hey, Greg David Jamieson. Great question. It's something that we are actively trying to better understand now and explore what the curbside 2.0 version will be. As you know, we have curbside at all of our properties where it's warranted and we're expanding that into the Weingarten sites. But it is interesting as we start to talk to retailers of what the next iteration will be. So it's really incumbent upon us to continue building the conversation with them and seeing what their needs are and how their needs are changing. And then we will adjust accordingly. But we're very much in that learning phase right now to understand what's next to come. But assuming that something will be different tomorrow than what it is today.
David Jamieson: I would just add on that point, the renewals and options for water were up 6.4%, which is a real testament to the just this whole shift of where the portfolio is today, in the tenants are staying. And the other benefit we have is rules and options. For the most part, there's a lot less capital required to go to those boxes when they're staying like that. So it's really very, very beneficial.
David Jamieson: Yes, so I would just add, there's no doubt when you look at the cap rates that some of these assets are trading at that we're going to be, passing on a lot more deals than we're going to be winning. But we also factor into our analysis, a variety of different metrics. So, the going and cap rate is one metric. But if there's an asset or a portfolio that has substantial growth, substantial below market leases, redevelopment opportunity, the year one cap rate, and NOI is really just one of many factors that we're taking into consideration when evaluating our strategy. And as Conor mentioned, it really is a blend of the structured investments, the acquisitions, the partnership buyouts, so when you put it all together, it does come blend out to a return that's well in excess of our cost of capital.
David Jamieson: Yes, and then just speak a little bit about the numbers. So our leads economic did grow from 270 basis points to 310 basis points this quarter, that annualized rent amount of that delta spread is now equal to $46 million, whereas previously, it was $40 million when we talked about it last quarter. We did have a number of tenants commenced rent this quarter. In the quarter it’s about $1.3 million, on an annualized basis, that represents just over $8 million. We do anticipate another 10 million to 15 million to come through the balance of this year through tenant openings. Specifically to your question, Michael, the new lease activity did outpace any impact that we have seen as a result of tenant delays, that is still relatively modest when you look at the larger sum. So we're still on track for the year, but the pool is growing as a result of the demand that we've seen on the new lease activity.
David Jamieson: We did see a few tenants renew that we anticipated vacating this quarter, which, which we found to be interesting, because we didn't see sort of the same move outs as we had budgeted or anticipated. There was a much higher retention rate, even on some of the tenants that we thought were going to give back their space, they did not. So again, that reflects in your earlier comments that we made.
David Jamieson: Sure, yes. A lot a lot there. So I'll try to unpack it a little bit. Well economics are really driven by the markets, right? And each of the sub markets supply demand dynamic is your number one driver to help determine where you have pricing power. Obviously with our spreads and what we've been showing, we feel good about the position that we're in that we have the pricing power to push rents north, across the majority of all the markets that we operate in. As it relates to bonds and escalations, when you look at the anchors, we typically say 10% to 12%. On average is what you're pushing for, again you might get a higher rent, maybe an adjustment in the area, your increases, maybe there's some consideration to cost so it all goes into the soup there to determine the final economic deal. But we try to push those as much as we can. On the small shop side, we've averaged around 3% to 4%. Historically, there are some markets, in the Sunbelt area, that pricing power is such that we can push it further north than that at times, and our teams, our tasks, and know the markets best about when they can do that. And when they can leverage that opportunity, as their occupancy starts to tick up, that pricing power should increase as well. But really, yes, it's a multidimensional negotiation. I'm in a place and what's available and in the rest of the economic structure that goes into the deal. But that net, we're seeing encouraging signs for we need to be.
Conor Flynn: Thanks for the question, Greg. I think when you look at a pipeline of opportunity for us, it we do have as you've been seeing a war chest of entitlements. And so we really want to focus on giving ourselves optionality and flexibility for the future. And we've determined that the best use of our time and our capital is really focusing on unlocking the highest and best use of our own real estate, rather than taking on development, and land banking certain development parcels for future because we really do believe that the assets that we own and control are better master plan for future and then we can activate them at our sole choosing. We do have a couple that are getting close to being shovel ready, that you'll see add to our supplemental in the back half of the year. But we want to be mindful the fact that the structure that we think is best suited for FFO growth going forward, is to again, really focus on the internal growth of the organization. And how do we add to that internal growth by layering in some of these mixed use redevelopment opportunities in the future. So I don't see us going back to adding some large scale ground up development projects. But I do like the fact that we continue to stockpile entitlements, and then activate those entitlements that are so choosing in the future. We have done it a number of different ways, as you know, taking a little bit less risk with ground leasing of parcels, or entering into joint ventures with best-in-class multifamily developers by contributing the land at a marked up basis with the entitlements in place. We like that approach.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it is a multipart question. So let me try to break it down. First, first, this quarter, we saw historically low vacates that 25% less than what we've typically seen in Q1. So when you start, when you think about our base, it's very, very solid. And I think obviously, that was cleaned up a lot through the pandemic, a lot of high risk tenants moved out of our portfolio. So we start with a much more solid foundation. Then when you look at the rollover, as you mentioned, the retention, the retention levels are at the highest point that we've seen too, in the last five years throughout our that 90 plus percent range. So you're now retaining those quality tenants for longer when they have that opportunity to punch out either when an option comes up or the renewal notice comes up. So I think it's showing validation of the property validation of the sector and the strength of the retailer themselves about what they're doing within our centers. But then you look at the new lease activity 178 new leases, which is also one of the high watermarks for us. You see all those points of demand that we've been talking about over several months, coming from all sectors so you are seeing real growth come in and you're seeing other retailers say like a booth bar for us this quarter was very active in that smaller midsize, Junior box categories, really wanting to expand and grow their market share across the country. So you're having all of these forces combined, which is helping either sustain our occupancy and/or growing. When I look at where we can go, I go back in time and say where we come from. And when I look back at the Great Recession, we averaged around a 10 to 30 basis point gain through several years to recover our occupancy this quarter Q1, which is historically a bit of a dip in occupancy, we did gain 30 basis points. So we are moving in the right direction. And I think it's real, it's real growth components that are helped driving that. Again, where it goes from here, we'll continue this, we see good momentum through 22. There's obviously a lot of macro forces out there that we can't control. But for now, we're managing with what we have and feel, cautiously optimistic of the direction we're headed.
Conor Flynn: That's a great question. Again, they're doing the wrong thing with their strategic reviews. We're not aware of anything specific at this point. As you, I think you're aware, our lock up expires are scheduled to expire at the end of June. So we're just going to continue to monitor how the investment is performing at that point. And then we'll make decisions after that about the appropriate timing for monetization, we'll be getting the monetization of it. Again, keep in mind; we can't monetize the entire thing all at once due to wanting to retain our reach status. As we've talked about, on some previous calls, we could have a gain of around somewhere in the 350 million ish range and maintain our REIT status within the REIT. If there was a larger transaction, and I'm making this up and if there was a total a private of the company, and it was monetized all at once. We would have to shift the remaining portion of our investment into what TRFs we will then have obviously all the cash available, and over time we would dividend that money back up to our REIT over a period of time to maintain our REIT status.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So I did outline in my earlier remarks that it's not all smooth sailing, right? You've got massive mandates back in Philadelphia; you've got obviously record inflation going on. You've got supply chain issues still being resolved. Lock downs in China, you got the war in Ukraine. So there's, there's plenty of headwinds out there that we recognize we have to deal with and continue to monitor. But in terms of the earnings guidance, we do have a few one timers and some things that impacted the first quarter. You want to walk charters sort of the breakdown.
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at Alex, when you look at the amount of cash, we have sitting on our balance sheet, starting there, we were sitting with records amounts of cash, that's, that's not earning anything. On our balance sheet, we have tremendous access to capital. So start there, then you look at the 200 plus millions of free cash flow we have after dividends. So you combine those two factors, and obviously, we're sitting pretty with the amount of cash we have there. And that doesn't account for any monetization of Albertsons, which Glenn mentioned earlier, which is an additional call it 300 million to 400 million plus. We do feel like we are in a good position to accretively our cash that's sitting on the side-lines right now. Now, we do look at our cost of capital every day and make sure that we focus on investing accretively there. And we do feel like when you look at the opportunity set of what Ross outlaid, all of our investment opportunities and blend those returns together, we do feel like we actually are in a unique position to invest accretively even in these competitive markets where we're trying to add to our scale and our concentration.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Thanks, Michael. I'll start and then Dave, you can you can jump in. It is a combination of right now we're seeing leasing volume continued to be a robust levels where it's taking that that spread up and that's sort of the driver of it in the first quarter. Now we are laser focused on trying to get our tenants open and paying rent as quickly as possible. For many, many years we’ve even have internal expeditors that are just focused on the process of as soon as the ink hits the paper on lease, we take that tenant in hand walk them through the process of getting, their permits and getting open and operating as quickly as possible. Because the sophistication of tenants vary greatly in that process and we felt like it's a priority of ours every day is a day that we could be collecting more rent so that is a big focus of ours. Another supply chain issues as I mentioned earlier are still a factor. We have pre ordered a lot of HVAC units roofing materials, those types of items that we know use a certain amount on an annual basis to try and expedite the process. Labor is still an issue, as you've seen with the tight labor markets. Now, our scale does come in handy when we are doing multiple projects in areas. We do have the ability to use multiple crews on some on assets that are clustered together. So we do have some scale advantages there and some efficiencies of scale. So that's, again, one of the ways that we continue to try and use our platform to our advantage.
Conor Flynn: So it's not in guidance, except for the fact that the dividends that we earn from the investment are in our guidance numbers. Again, we monitor the investment very, very closely. And until we get to the end of the lockout period, it's very, very hard to predict what we're going to be able to do and they're still in the middle of their own strategic alternatives. So it's somewhat fluid. But come the end of June, we see that we'll have our opportunities and our options available to us. But again, not in the guidance except for the dividend components.
Conor Flynn: So overall occupancy actually with gains were made across the entire company. So that was actually a really encouraging sign when you saw, east to west, north to south all see positive gains and momentum in terms of occupancy. Obviously, when we look at the Sunbelt, and coastal markets, it's representative of over 95% of our activity. That's where we're seeing sizable momentum. I think it's no surprise to anybody obviously, Florida is doing quite well as is Texas and other markets down there. And so you are seeing, some stronger, stronger rent growth coming from the Sunbelt/coastal markets, versus our non-coastal non-Sunbelt markets. But overall, everyone had positive gains.
Conor Flynn: I mean, we're in touch with our entire tenant base on a regular basis for any of those that continue to struggle, that feel like the end is in sight, we want to be proactive and trying to recapture that space, and create an opportunity to release it and enable them to move on and do something else. That pool I think, is relatively small, again, a lot of it was purchased through the pandemic. But we're always normal course of business, stay very, very close to your tenant base, and, and assist those that need help they feel like have a longer run rate, and then work out an agreement for those that you don't think will make it.
Conor Flynn: Floris, the other thing I would add is that we're in the very early innings of trying to understand the dynamic of how much occupancy costs are changing due to the fact of e-commerce being a halo to the physical store. And we don't really have perfect data on that yet. But I think that's part of the reason why our renewals and our retention rates are much higher, because that occupancy cost is dramatically different than the traditional occupancy costs that reflects sort of the four walls. So I think that's a trend we're actively trying to unpack. As Dave mentioned, it really is all market driven. But I think the retention rates are going to be higher, due to the fact that this additional benefits occupancy cost is flowing through to the retailer.
Conor Flynn: That's a good question. We do look at a lot of different formats of retail at the end of the day. For us, it's a very local business that comes down to the real estate. So if we determine that there is value creation or upside, it with below market leases with redevelopment potential, then we would consider any format of open air retail. What we've tend, what we tend to see in the marketplace today is the strength of the grocery anchor, the amount of visits that it creates, the traffic that it creates being a real benefit to the overall asset and the cash flow of that asset. So, we continue to focus on maybe some larger format centers and grocery anchor. But that's not to say that for the right piece of real estate, we wouldn't consider alternative formats.
Conor Flynn: Yes, Chris, it's a really good question, because I think we're starting to see that that line being blurred dramatically. And it is, tenant by tenant specific of what does their coverage look like in a certain trade area to service that customer? And how do they go about utilizing both their industrial footprint and their retailer footprint to solve that equation? And I think it really just comes down to the specifics of that retailer in that geographic area and how difficult it is to penetrate that, that trade area. So that's where I continue to think we have a pretty unique situation where this on-going trend that's gaining momentum is starting to blur those lines. And again, the occupancy costs that that I mentioned earlier, starting to change the dynamics, I think of the economics of retailers and how much value they put on their physical retail brick and mortar space, as it can operate in a multiple different capacities. So it is early, but I do think that's a trend worth watching.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it very much is a factor. And really, it factors into our cost of capital. So when we look at our cost of capital on a daily basis, it is a blend between our cost of equity and our cost of debt and the volatility there does have an impact on that metric. So in theory, it does play into our mind set and our thought process and the hurdle of what we're looking to acquire. That being said, the cost of capital doesn't necessarily move in tandem with interest rates. And what we've seen in our program and our external growth is that the combination of the structured investments which have a very high yield, combined with some of the third party acquisitions, and partnership buyouts, does still provide us the opportunity to invest at a meaningful spread to that cost of capital, even in a environment where interest rates are moving upwards today, so we watch it very closely. We'll continue to see how it impacts pricing in the marketplace. But with the pipeline that we've created thus far, we're very confident in our ability to invest that accretively.
