Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. I'll begin with the market for transactions, which remains restrained given the volatility in the capital markets and elevated borrowing costs. Transaction volume was down across the board in the first quarter. However, what has remained constant is the significant demand from both institutional and private investors for high quality open-air retail. A healthy level of equity capital remains patiently waiting on the sidelines for opportunities to acquire our product type as the property fundamentals continue to improve within this retail sector. Notwithstanding the improving operating fundamentals, investors are seeking higher cap rates to offset higher cost of capital. At the same time, however, supply remains limited with sellers holding out for higher pricing unless they face refinancing or other pressure to sell. How long this stalemate last is the ultimate question. Despite these broader market conditions, we have found ways to selectively and accretively put capital to work. On the last earnings call, we mentioned the two Southern California grocery assets we acquired from one of our JV partners. Subsequent to the call, we were successful in buying out a third grocery-anchored site in Southern California from the same partner. This property is a dual grocery-anchored site with a smart and final traditional grocer in addition to a Trader Joe's. We are excited to add these three strong performing grocery assets to our wholly-owned portfolio despite the market conditions I described. We also added a new structured investment into our program in the first quarter and $11.2 million subordinated loan on a Sprouts-anchored shopping center outside of Orlando, Florida. As with all of our structured investments, we retain the right to acquire the asset in the future in the event the sponsor looks to sell. This property is another great addition to the structured portfolio with a very attractive return at a very appealing basis on our investment. As it relates to dispositions, we previously mentioned the two Savannah, Georgia power centers we sold back in January. Prior to quarter-end, we sold a third power center in Gresham, Oregon. To my point earlier that it is taking longer to transact, we've been working on this since the fourth quarter of last year and successfully closed at the end of March. While we don't anticipate a significant number of dispositions in 2023, the sale of these three centers reflects our efforts to ultimately own a portfolio consisting of primarily grocery-anchored retail centers and mixed-use destinations in our top major metro markets. All-in-all, we are in a great position to continue to be opportunistic, should current owners start to feel more pressure to transact. Our strong liquidity allows us to move quickly and aggressively on the right acquisitions or joint venture buyouts and to be financially helpful to owners that need an infusion of capital for debt pay-downs or asset repositioning, utilizing our structured investment program. I will now pass it off to Glenn for an update on our financials and outlook.
Ross Cooper: Yes, good question. So, I would say what you just articulated would be sort of the worst case scenario in the sense that everything went out. Nothing was, yes, purchased at auction for a side, which is -- in a back that is yet to occur. And we anticipate happening in June, end of July, so there could be some impact to that to the positive, considering the competitive landscape that is a very real possibility. In terms of the activity, as Conor articulated, unless this three boxes that we've already leased, 26 have remained, 7 of those were rejected in the day-one motion. We're at least with over half and have LOI's on the balance, all of which are single-tenant backfills which helps reduce the conversion and the downtime to get a tenant reopened. So that's positive. The balance of the boxes that the majority of those are all also single-tenant backfill opportunities and we are either at lease are at LOI stage, the handful that Conor mentioned in his script, we are assessing real redevelopment opportunities for those as a potential or we look to do a single-tenant backfill. So we are in a great position from where we see, obviously, the lack of muted supply, no retail development on the horizon for the years to come. Retailers are really seeing this as the opportunity to grab that market share and expand their portfolios in these key markets.
Ross Cooper: Sure, as I mentioned in the remarks I made, it is a little bit of a stalemate right now. So the transaction volumes are way down. You are seeing certain deals get done in the first quarter. We did see some transactions occur in the 5s, similar to pricing from last year, but they are fewer and farther between. When you look at sort of the bid-ask spread, it's very deal specific. So as I mentioned, there are a buyer that are still looking for higher cap rates and sellers that are holding firm because there's really not any sort of forced situation with lenders who are cash flow situation or challenges. So from that perspective, we were successful in acquiring three shopping centers from our joint venture partner that was looking for some liquidity. So it's really just about staying opportunistic and ready with the capital which we have. As it relates to the mezz financing and our structured investment program, that is also something that we're obviously very focused on, hitting one transaction in the first quarter, but again because there really hasn't been any forced sales or distress situation as it relates to the lending community, they are a little bit more challenging in terms of sourcing right now. But having lots of conversations hang around the group and we're ready to move as soon as those opportunities present themselves.
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's a great question and it's something that we're very closely monitoring, because we would anticipate that there would be the one that would be most impacted by the pullback of local and regional banks and their ability to lend. Right now we haven't seen a material impact on, obviously, on the deal velocity. Hence, our Q1 numbers and those businesses ability to operate. But it's something that we're closely watching and monitoring through the course of this year to anticipate -- see if there's any cracks in the system. But right now, things are holding up pretty well.
Ross Cooper: Yes, I'll take the first one on Coulter. So yes, the Coulter project is our first multifamily activation in our preferred equity structure. As for this up, you'll see that the gross cost yield for that investment will be approximately 5% to 6%, which is consistent with what you'd see historically as multifamily projects developing towards. As a result of our preferred equity structure though, we are able to contribute the land as well as our pursue cost in a preferred yield. And blended together with some additional contribution to common equity, we're able to achieve a yield that exceeds our current cost of capital, which makes it accretive to us and hit that low-double-digit return that we're looking for. So right now we're excited. Bozzuto is one of our partner, very-very qualified and established player in the business. And it's a great property. So it's a good first effort on this structure.
Ross Cooper: Sure. I didn't mention that, but I'm happy to address that. The acquisition cap rate on the grocery-anchored centers that we acquired in Southern California were lending right to around 6%. And when you look at the spread on the dispositions, it was about 150 basis point spread. So that's really the year one cap rate. What we're most focused on is what the growth profile of those assets are. You find them up compared to each other. So we see outsized growth. From the grocery-anchored center that we acquired, whereas the power centers that we sold would either be flat or even potentially moving negative. So that's really the focus, thinking about recycling into -- high-quality grocery-anchored centers versus the power centers that we sold. In terms of the low cost of capital from the Albertsons, I mean, it's a great position to be in. Obviously the hurdles are a little bit lower from the Albertsons capital that was achieving around a 2% dividend yield. Now that being said, it really is a balance for us between trying to move aggressively and put the capital work and being patient for opportunities that we expect will present themselves here in the back half of the year. So we're not looking to necessarily overpay or set the market just to get people off the sidelines. But we can move very aggressively and quickly if opportunities present themselves that we would really like. So it gives us a lot of flexibility with liquidity position that we have.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, Michael, we're a bit ahead of where we thought we'd be. As you saw, we raised the lower end of our guidance even with -- without the termination income that we anticipated and a lot of that is attributed to the environment that we're in today for high quality locations like Bed Bath & Beyond have. So, as you can see the diversity of demand is quite strong. We're in a good spot to really -- by June we'll really have a better understanding of which ones are coming back to us. But we're not waiting for that. We're being proactive is lining up replacements with very strong leasing spreads.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, sure. Again, it's really driven by the rent commencements. So we are a little bit ahead of plan. What's driving it. Also the timing of investment activity and then the impact of what we get in terms of the bankruptcy situation. So we are a little bit ahead of schedule what we had budgeted. So we are comfortable with raising that lower-end of the range.
Glenn Cohen: The rest of the Philadelphia portfolio is quite strong and actually trending at or above when you look at it from the whole portfolio.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, I think, if you look at bad debt component to it, again, we're comping against bad debt income from last year - for the current year. So when you look forward, we really have a more normalized what we expect to be a more normalized bad debt level. So I think that that part at least should keep us in good shape to be able to grow the same-site NOI growth, really organically from the rent bumps that Conor was saying.
Glenn Cohen: It's a great question but some of it is timing. We've been very proactive on getting sales were puts out to tenants and the collections in the first quarter were higher than what we had originally budgeted, but some of those collections that came in, were from tenants that we had budgeted to be in the second quarter. So you'll see it starts to dip down as we go through the year. So the first quarter is a little bit ahead of where the budget was.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, so on capital allocation priorities, one, two and three, we always say are leasing, leasing, leasing. So you start there and obviously, the fundamentals of our business continue to shine. Followed by that the highest return for us for these smaller redevelopments where we can activate parking lots and create a pad parcel or expand in existing shopping center, that was typically yield in the double-digit range, and so we like to activate those as many as possible. We typically run the range of $80 million to $90 million a year so of those projects and we're looking through the portfolio to try and generate more of those unique opportunities. After that, typically as a blend, the structured investment program as well as core opportunities, as well as the preferred equity and then the mixed-use redevelopment, put essentially. You look at the suite of opportunities there and you try and make sure you blend to a cost of capital that obviously reflects where we are today. We are in a unique position, where we have a lot of Albertsons capital to deploy. But as Ross mentioned, we're continuing to be patient there and look for those flat pitch that unique opportunity to really take advantage of dislocation and we've done it before and we'll do it again and we continue to think we're well-positioned to be opportunistic there.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, sorry. Party City, in terms of box size, 12,000 to 14,000 square feet. Right now we don't anticipate -- none of them have been rejected. So we are we're in pretty good shape there. And then with Tuesday morning and David's bridal, Tuesday morning, is a similar in size. David's bridal is smaller in nature, more on that under 10,000 square feet.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, in terms of the diversity, it is a healthy and diverse pool. You have your usual suspects, obviously in the off-price category, rose your interest, furniture, fitness, entertainment uses. And then within each of those categories, you're getting a variety of names as well. So it's nice to see that type of diversity for these boxes.
Conor Flynn: Yes. And I think one of the big drivers too for us to get comfortable with raising the bottom-end is the retention rate. As I mentioned earlier, that's really driving a significant amount of cash-flow growth for us. And when you look at where we thought we'd be versus where we are today, we are ahead of schedule there.
Conor Flynn: All right. I'll take the second one first and then I'll kick it over to the rest of the team to address the margin. As it relates to Philadelphia, it's just related to the Kohl's transaction, where we took back two of the Kohl's leases as part of that transaction in Q1, which we knew were already vacant. So that was the add there.
Conor Flynn: So the only thing, I would add is that we are seeing pretty significant capital formation for our product. I think for a period of time certain folks are on the sidelines, looking at open-air, specifically grocery-anchored shopping centers. We're having a lot of inbound requests for dialog to potentially have new capital at our call for investment purposes. Obviously, we're sitting with a tremendous amount of cash today. So we're looking at the opportunity set internally, but it is nice to see a significant amount of capital formation for our product.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add is that, the retailers are getting less rigid on their square footage requirements. So when you look at the typical prototype, whether it's a small shop and mid-size box or an anchor box, typically it's now opportunistic where they're looking at the space available versus their prototype and making it work, which obviously lends itself to our business because if you can backfill the entire space with one tenant, the CapEx load goes down dramatically and that's what we're experiencing on the Bed Bath boxes.
Conor Flynn: The shop space, as you've seen it with our occupancy growth continue to be the bright spot. I mean, it's really interesting, if you think about the diversity of demand and what's driving that, it's pretty remarkable. I think we're at a point in the retail evolution, where the last mile or closest retail destinations where you live and where you work, has really adopted, I would say, a hybrid retail environment where it's medical, it's services, it's essential goods and services, it's grocery, it's health and wellness, it's physical. It really is interesting to see the diversity of demand driving that small shop growth opportunity for us. And I think when you look at the ingredients of where we see the demand drivers, I think it gives us a lot of confidence to say that with this portfolio, we can drive a higher small-shop occupancy rate than we've ever experienced before. And again, it's because of that diversity of demand. Now, it's going to be interesting if the economy really does get worse and there is a pullback. Some of the small shops that didn't make it through COVID, I would say we're still in a position where we're backfilling those locations with higher credit, better operators. And so we -- I think we're starting from a higher-quality, higher credit portfolio of small shops today.
Conor Flynn: Sure, thanks for the question. And I think when you look at, again, the fundamentals of our business, now there's going to be some lumpiness obviously quarter-to-quarter, with the Bed Bath and maybe some of the other retailers that we're watching, and how the auction process plays out, because that will really determine the lumpiness of how much NOI comes offline. But, I do believe, as I said earlier that the fundamentals of our business are quite strong and with virtually no new supply and very high retention rates, we should see, I think, a longer-term growth rate that's above the historical average. And we're also pushing for higher annual increases. When you look at the bumps we're getting on our small shops, they are higher today than they were at the trailing four quarters. The same goes with our anchors. They are higher today than they were in the trailing four quarters. And if you look back multiple years, they've have been trending higher. So that bodes well for obviously a fundamental re-rating of our growth rate going-forward. But there's a lot of things that may or may not occur for that to happen. So it's hard to extrapolate what the future is going to hold, but where we stand today, we're very confident about the strategy we put in place and executing on that strategy is showing up in the internal growth rate, the pricing power that we have today. In terms of the cadence of the same-site, I'll turn it over to Glenn.
Conor Flynn: And we do have a breakout at our Investor presentation of the small shops that are really more local versus really the national and regional players and we are heavily weighted towards the national and regional players. The only thing I would add is, we have a better communication than we've ever had with all of our retailers, primarily because of what the pandemic really forced a lot of us to do, which was again, have constant dialog with our retailer partners. And handling the PPP program as we did, gaining access to our small shops and the way we have, given them the opportunity to access capital in times of need. I think we have very close ties now with our partners and our retailers that we believe will hopefully be able to weather this next storm.
Conor Flynn: On the Bed Bath question, we are anticipating getting them all back. I think that's the better way to budget as to just not anticipate anything being sold in the auction process and having the associated downtime and leasing costs with these box. So I think that again is incorporated in our budget and in our guidance.
Conor Flynn: So the credit loss for the first quarter was around 95 basis points. Again, in-line with where guidance is. And it accounts for the impact of the bad debts that we had Party City's and some of David's Bridal.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it is good question, Craig. Obviously we've ramped program from virtually zero to where it is today in the last three to four years. So we have seen continued growth in the mixed-use platform and we like the fundamentals of really how they drive value to each other. The retail really drives value to the residential and the apartments because of the amenity base that it provides. And the apartments drive a lot of value to the retail because you have a built-in shopper base and the traffic patterns continue to uptick there. So it is one that will continue to monitor. We did activate a project this quarter as you saw. We like the opportunity to activate our CapEx light structure. So again, it doesn't weigh down our growth opportunities. We have a select few that are still active right now on-the-ground lease that are be stabilizing later this year. The same goes for the Milton at Pentagon is about to open here and we're excited about suburban square having a mixed-use component with the residential there. We think we can really hopefully drive a lot of value there. Going-forward, we'll continue to obviously hopefully crush that goal of 15% from mixed-use and then reevaluate the next really the master plan for each asset and how much we can ramp that again using a CapEx light structure where we can showcase the growth of the underlying portfolio and still create value for our shareholders longer-term.
Conor Flynn: Yes, so the plan is really to be opportunistic. And again, we're going to be patient, if the opportunity doesn't present itself and we're very comfortable maintaining the cash position until it does, but in the interim, we're having lots of conversations with all of our JV partners, talking to a lot of brokers and owners that may need capital as the year progresses. So to the extent that we can utilize that capital accretively. We're very comfortable doing so. Otherwise, but just we for the right opportunities.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I'll do the Albertsons first. With both transactions that we did one in March, one in April, we are done for the year. So those proceeds and the gains from them are about as much as we can do including the special dividend that we receive relative to our gross income. So we will hold onto the shares for the remainder of the year and then look for further monetization in 2024.
Conor Flynn: Mike, one thing to keep in mind too is, there are some -- with the off-price wars that are going on right now and they have a lot of demand for new space, you could see some of them being very aggressive in the auction process because of the unique attributes of the Bed Bath leases which would allow them to get into centers that they may previously not be allowed to because of use per head - used provisions. So it'll be interesting to watch what happens there.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean, when you have more than one bidder at the table that creates a competitive environment. So obviously - and as a result of that, you can see some price increases on rent for boxes.
