David Bujnicki: Thanks, Steven. Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, the Chief Investment Officer; and Glenn Cohen, the CFO. In addition, there are other members of our executive team that are also available to address you during the conclusion of our prepared remarks, including Milton, Dave Jamieson and Ray Edwards. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call maybe deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our Web site. With that, I’m going to turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue, we request a one question limit with an appropriate follow-up. This will provide all the callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Steven, you can take the first caller.
David Bujnicki: We will just end it on that. So thanks everyone for participating in the call. And just a reminder, additional information for the Company can be found in our supplemental on the Web site. Thanks so much.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. Overall we had a very productive year on the investment side, with over $1.5 billion of transactional activity. This was highlighted by the accelerated exit of our Canadian investments, the sale of 31 asset in our U.S portfolio for $410 million, and select third-party and JV acquisitions totaling $457 million Kimco share.
Ross Cooper: I think you’ve seen recently, Christy, that a number of retailers have come out with mixed results and you’ve seen a couple of them actually have some credit rating downgrade. So, when we look at our retail rolodex, there is some healthy retailers that are driving a lot of growth and have some healthy numbers for new store openings. And there are some that are obviously still fighting the fight in terms of trying to figure out the omni-channel approach. So, for us, we figured it was the best approach to increase the bad credit loss for this year and as we look forward, we think the improved portfolio will shine.
Ross Cooper: Yes, I think that’s an accurate statement. And you know we're very pleased with the fourth quarter and the full-year execution on the dispo program. But as evidenced by the relatively modest activity in Q4, we did experience a little bit of a pullback from buyers, particularly the last two months of the year with uncertainty regarding policy change in interest rates and things of that nature. So a few of the year end deals were delayed, which we expect to bring forward the first half of this year. That being said, pricing on those deals that we did close met the high-end of our value expectation. So, we do have pretty good clarity on the first half of this year and so we're comfortable with the stated guidance for '17. But it is definitely true that the quality of the assets that are within that pipeline going forward is significantly higher than what we've seen in years past, so we're comfortable with the expectation that we set forth.
Ross Cooper: Well, part of it is when you look at G&A in the fourth quarter, that is not -- you can't use that as I mentioned in my opening remarks. You can't use that as a run rate. There is some seasonality to that and the G&A number in total is a little higher as you go through the quarter. So if you really annualize that, you might have been closer to $0.37. So that’s part of your issue. Financing costs, depending on the assumptions you use to refinance the debt is in there as well, so that's another component when you look at overall guidance. And we do have the impact of there -- all these foreign contribution is really all gone. So, the growth that’s coming the 2% to 3% assumption of same-site NOI growth is offsetting really the foreign and the Canadian contribution that we had in the previous year.
Ross Cooper: I would also just note that some of our redevelopments that are becoming off line, specifically three of them. One in Highland, Boulevard add up to almost $4 million of rents that’s coming offline in '17.
Ross Cooper: I mean, you look at the leasing expiration schedule, we note historically that somewhere around 75% of the leases that have option to exercise. So if you take that into account, you’re only looking at somewhere between 2% and 3% a year of real true roll to deal with.
Ross Cooper: Yes, that can certainly be a part of it. I think that the institutional investor has been a bit more active on the grocery side. But even that being said, so long as it's within the core market we have seen some power centers with or without a grocery component still be attractive to investors. It really depends on the location, the quality of the real estate and making sure that within a power center there's not too many retailers of which are on a watch list or not considered Internet resistant. So it is a little bit of a side-by-side analysis in that regard. But we're just continuing to be careful and make sure that those assets that we look to acquire, particularly if there is not a grocery anchor sort of fit the parameters that we’ve set out which is below market rents and making sure that we consistently see upside or value creation opportunities within those assets.
Ross Cooper: I think the Company is watching closely to see how and when and how quick is the deflation impact start to subside, which will really help the business and that should lead to other opportunities.
Glenn Cohen: No, I don’t think you will see pressure so much on releasing spreads. I mean, some of the assumptions that are in the same-site NOI growth is we do expect a similar impact from the Sports Authority bankruptcy in 2017, so around 70 basis points as well. And we also have a higher credit loss reserve than we’ve had in the past a little bit. We usually use somewhere between 50 and 75 basis points. Part of our guidance has had 75 to 100 basis points to account for what’s going on in the current retail environment.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. You’re pretty spot on that. We will probably do a bond, late first quarter or early second quarter, depending on market conditions and deal with the refinancing. We have plenty of liquidity. Renewing our credit facility has given us a lot more dry powder, so we’ve flexibility to pick the right spot when we want to go the bond market and there is very, very modest equity. There is really nothing that’s really in there other than expectations of stock options and equity awards that go into our equity numbers for the year.
Glenn Cohen: I mean, I would say on the surface it's the same. They haven't really changed, but the rating agencies also watch the macro issues, so I’m sure that will be part of the conversation with them. But I think it really comes down to us meeting the balance of the metrics that thereafter, which is really trying to bring the net debt to recurring EBITDA down into that, low 5 range. So we’ve a little bit more work to do there, but when we look at all the other metrics that the agencies look at, we really need them from size of the company, equity market cap, consolidated NOI coming from the portfolio, clearly the simplification of the business with no foreign investments and no currency exposure. They’re not really concerned really about our development or redevelopment pipelines either, because relative to $18 billion of assets, it's fairly modest.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again it’s a general reserve, so it will account for some portion of the lost rent, but not -- if you lost some in January for the full-year, on a lost scale, it wouldn’t encompass that.
Glenn Cohen: We are happy that they’re going back to the old ways and allowing you to capitalize them, because it makes much more sense and we are planning to early adapt it. So, one of the reason -- its actually good, because it doesn’t narrow that difference between what would be NAREIT FFO and what FFO as adjusted would be.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, the redevelopments should contribute somewhere between 20 and 40 basis points. And then the balance obviously is coming from the organic, which is lot lower than it was last year, that we had 70 basis points being contributed in 2016 from the redevelopments. And it's really attributable to -- there is more projects that are actually coming offline that are going to fuel growth in '18 and beyond.
Glenn Cohen: Well, relative to 30-year bonds, the savings at least on the first preferred debts are going to be available to be redeemed would be in March is a 6%. We are probably somewhere around 4.5, 4.125% [ph] if we did a 30-year bond today. So there's some potential. However, that's not baked into our guidance. Again, we’re focusing on net debt to recurring EBITDA on a consolidated basis. So we’ve to just watch carefully where it makes sense to do that. The other two coupons are 5.5% and 5.125% [ph] that become callable later in the year. Again, nothing baked into guidance in terms of redeeming those, but again at the right point those could be an opportunity.
Conor Flynn: And Christy, the reserve that we do said is not a specific reserve. It's more of a general reserve that we used to monitor just over the course of the year.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So originally we actually had the Dania project as a power center line up and as you’ve seen we actually change Phase II to a high density live work play mixed use development. Now Phase I we had an executed lease in place with Costco and as part of that lease there were some framework on site level cost contribution by both parties which we were trying to finalize. At the same time, the demand from other junior anchors to be a part of Phase I really exceeded what we could accommodate with the Costco being in place. So with this knowledge, we felt we wanted to change direction and now it would be the best time, because the junior anchor line up really would be more complementary to Phase II and offer us better economics than if we went with the flat ground lease with Costco, who mutually agreed to allows us to move in this direction.
Conor Flynn: Costco is really a destination oriented tenant and I think because of the strength of this real estate. We felt that originally they would be a great lead anchor for our power center development. But because of the strict location, the freeway visibility from I-95, the demand from the junior anchors really actually ticked up regardless of this Costco as a part of the development.
Conor Flynn: Sure. As you probably saw in one of our press releases, we did execute a Lifetime Fitness and West Elm leases at our Suburban Square. That is a very TI intensive redevelopment part of the program there. So actually over half of the TI that you see in that line item is really tied to redevelopments and that were not -- was obviously a big piece of it.
Conor Flynn: Also if you factor in that, when you’re doing your guidance range, you do some sensitivities, so when we set out our acquisitions and dispositions range. As Ross said, some of it could be more front end loaded, especially dispositions with acquisitions on the back end side. So it plays into that.
Conor Flynn: No, it's definitely you’re going to start to see, especially if same-site is cash based. So the team is doing a good job getting leases signed, but you need the cash to start flowing for it to start coming into the same-site numbers that we report. So clearly it will wind up in the latter part of the third and the fourth quarters and start fueling what happens in 2018 and beyond as well.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it's about 230 basis points of a spread, the physical versus the leased occupancy, rather the leased versus economic occupancy. So that expanded a little bit during the quarter and probably over the course of the year shrink down.
Conor Flynn: Sure, Steve. We finished up the year at 89.9%. Our target for year end was 90%. We actually came 9,000 square feet short of that target. So, if you're willing to lease the 9,000 square foot vacancy, we have one available for you. But going forward, we clearly think there's more run room there, small shop activity has been very strong for us. Just in terms of last quarter of the 107 deals we did, 27 of them were with restaurants, 21 were with personal care services, 12 were with medical uses, 5 are with mobile operators. So you see that the fitness, the services in the restaurant and food components really are the driving force behind the occupancy lift there. And small shop optimism I think when you look at it from a business perspective with the new administration is actually near all-time highs. So when we look at our pipeline of opportunities there, we think we can push it to 90.5% and hopefully push that even higher. Our all-time high was 90%, so clearly if we can push that up to the 91% range or even higher, that will be fantastic.
Conor Flynn: Yes, we have seen certain private buyers exercise a level of caution over the past few months, especially as interest rates have risen close to 75 basis points during that timeframe. The secondary and tertiary market buyer typically requires leverage, so it definitely has an impact on pricing. And we have seen the spread between the core product that we and other institutions are trying to buy and those that are non-core, the spread is widened, particularly, for the non-grocery product. I would say that at one point in time, the beginning of last year, the spread between power and grocery was minimal as low as maybe a 50 basis point range. We’ve seen that widened to at least a 100 basis points for similar quality location. So we're very pleased that we're in the position that we’re in that we have executed on the fair majority of our disposed, and we will continue to clean up a few assets, beginning half of this year and through the balance of the year, but that's how we see the marketplace today.
Conor Flynn: On the new leasing spreads, we clearly think that below market leases is where Kimco shines and we have that as our acquisition thesis for a long, long time, having great real estate with low market leases. So as you know, these leases are long in tenure and they take a long time to get at, but when they do come to maturity or we are unable to recapture them, that’s really when we can unlock the value and mark those leases to market. So a few of the deals that we talked about already, Lifetime Fitness will end at replacing the Macy's at Suburban Square, and some of our other former Kmart boxes that we were able to reposition, really were the drivers of our new store lease spreads there. Renewal spreads are healthy as well, because they actually include options. So options actually are usually a little bit below what our normal renewal spreads are, so when you lump those two together, that’s actually a very healthy renewal on option spreads for us and when you combine that with new leasing spreads, obviously its where you get to our double-digit combined leasing spreads. From a retail environment standpoint, location is key. Everything is very much a local level decision for retailers. When they look at the opportunity set or what’s available in the market, typically we think our product is actually insulated from the shadow supply that we’ve been talking about. Many times our retailer base doesn't necessarily want to deal with having an interior entrance, they just preferred to have an exterior entrance and a big field of parking. And they also like to have that co-tenancy with the best-in-class open-air shopping center retailers and the visibility from the street. So, all those things combined we clearly think that our reposition portfolio is in good shape and should continue to produce solid spread results.
Conor Flynn: Yes. The key obviously is, with supply and demand is that a huge flood of supply doesn’t hit the market at the same time. So what we've seen so far is that there has just been a steady drift of supply and that actually is relatively healthy for us as we are able to recapture boxes that are below market and reposition them with best-in-class retailers. So if there were a large-scale bankruptcy that changes that dynamic, clearly that would have pricing pressure on both new leases and renewals. So we have been looking at our portfolio and making very local decisions on if we think now the time to renew a tenant and lock them in longer term, then we do engage them with that conversation. As you’ve seen with our occupancy, it continues to tick up. As you see with our spreads, we continue and are able to produce solid spread results. So, so far the supply and demand is in our favor, especially since we're repositioned in the best markets in the U.S.
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at our anchor lease expiration schedule, its relatively modest over the next few years and we do conduct regular portfolio reviews with our tenants. And the nice thing about the portfolio reviews we’ve been doing not only with the ones that are continuing to expand, but the ones that have pulled back on their store opening is there portfolio health with us is extremely hot. And so we continue to think that the reposition portfolio gives us good insight into the retailer quality we have. And even the ones that maybe are on our watch list, the stores that we have with them are actually performing quite well. So that gives us some good insight into how we can perform over the next few years, if there is a dislocation in terms of supply.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add to that is if there is an option opportunity for retailer and their leases below market, there is usually a higher percentage chance if they’re going to take that.
Conor Flynn: I think it will be relatively consistent in the first quarter. We do see some seasonality there and obviously there is some retailers that did not perform over the holiday season. But we think that over the year we will be able to have a modest increase in occupancy, both in small shop as well as anchor boxes.
Conor Flynn: No, it really is about timing. I think we still are very confident about delivering the 2020 vision. We realized we had a lot of work to do to get to where we are today. I'm really happy with the execution. I think timing wise on the disposition program, I think we hit that window and we're able to really execute on it at a -- probably at a pace even faster than we anticipated. And this year when you look at what we're trying to do, we obviously want to grow FFO, while reducing leverage and usually those two things are very difficult to do and we were trying to make sure we hit that when we look at our 2020 vision. We’ve finished off the heavy dispositions. We’ve started to ramp up our redevelopment and development spending, which clearly is not yet flowing, but we -- when we look at '18, '19, and '20, that’s where we see the growth coming, that’s where we see a lot of these projects coming online and continue to think that that's where we're headed.
Conor Flynn: Yes, the redevelopment projects we were outlining for '17 are actually back loaded. Many of those projects are delivering in Q3 and Q4. And so that’s why again it doesn't necessarily flow through the full-year, but we do see the flow in the '18 pickup and continue to think as we deliver those projects there as you’ve seen we’ve been able to promote more projects into the active pipeline from the shadow supply. So when we look at our shadow pipeline, the key for our team is to really pull those forward as quickly as possible, so we can continue to grow that active pipeline. And we’ve been successful in doing that and continue to think we're just getting started on a redevelopment plan.
Conor Flynn: When you look at our Kmart and Sears exposure, we’ve been obviously salivating to get those back for a long period of time, and a lot of those are coming due without any more options remaining. So we’ve been able to actually put redevelopment plans in place for every single one if and when they come back early or if we were able to strike a deal to recapture boxes early. So, the plan is still in place to redevelop those boxes and continue to show the mark to market of over 300% for that portfolio. So we obviously are watching that closely. In terms of recapturing and having that in our acquisition target, there is no acquisition baked in for recapture of those boxes. We have constant dialogue with all of our retailers, especially ones that have assets that are way below market and continue to try and see if there is an opportunity for us to recapture early, but in our guidance there's nothing baked in for that.
Conor Flynn: No, when we looked at the portfolio with our retailers, they typically have a national platform with us and when you look through the assets that we’ve and where they were located, there was not really a regional bias, they just went -- we went asset by asset and talked about the store performance and each one seemed to be an outperformer for them. So that gave us confidence.
Conor Flynn: We always look to try and expand our rolodex of retailers in our shopping centers and we are seeing more in terms of entertainment, as well as service and fitness and that’s our first Lifetime Fitness deal that we have in the portfolio, that’s our first West Elm deal that we have in the portfolio. So, but you’re -- I think when retail starts to blends in terms of all the different channels, I think that’s accurate. We’ve been talking about that for a while.
Conor Flynn: Sephora is probably the one that comes to mind where they have been actively working with us to expand and talk about the open-air center as their real growth vehicle going forward, because they’re already in all of the A malls. So when you look at the portfolio of retailers in malls that would fit with some of our centers, you really got to pick the best-in-class, because you want to be careful there.
Conor Flynn: That really -- that site -- and again its probably site-specific, but where the location is, it's almost like a perfect hole in the doughnut where there is really no retail in any real area about 5 miles radius wide. So we’ve seen -- regardless of where oil is and regardless of some of the issues that have been hitting Houston, the retailer demand has been very, very strong there and target is set to open in just a few months. So, all the junior boxes in Phase I are spoken for. The restaurants are starting to lease up now and the small shops are starting to fill in nicely. So, we really haven't seen any pullback at all there.
Conor Flynn: No, I think you saw that the S1 has been updated. We continue to look at all opportunities there. We still think it’s a phenomenal investment for the Company long-term, and continue to see how we can either monetize a portion of it or work with the real estate. So that is a continued ongoing effort for us.
