Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Conor. Our entire management team is excited about their interaction with Conor. His enthusiasm for retail real estate and his creative energy to enhance value through redevelopments is absolutely contagious. Conor's passion is redevelop, redevelop, redevelop, and I think it's a great menu. When a center can be expanded at double-digit returns, it is not only a superb use of capital, but it increases traffic and enhances the value of the existing center. We have almost 900 properties that will provide Conor with a wonderful canvas to work with. Now having said that, our portfolio has undergone a dramatic transformation. When Kimco first started back in 1958, we were acquirers. The strategy was that whatever we owned would, over time, substantially increase in value as the country grew, suburbs grew, inflation grew, et cetera, et cetera. So by way of habit, we were acquirers and accumulated large portfolios for both public and private companies. Over the past 3 years, we have kicked the habit and our strategy has been much more refined. We have been selling where we perceive risk, and we buy higher-quality properties with growing cash flows. And we've started to see the benefits of this strategy in our metrics. I would like to also give you my thoughts on valuations. When a common stock or any security is bought, its multiple depends to a great extent on future growth from the business. When a property is acquired, there is an Argus run for 5 or 10 years, and the cap rate depends upon the growth and future rental streams. And it follows that a portfolio should be similarly valued. Our portfolio has had 13 straight quarters of increases in same-store growth, and so far this year, our same-store growth has been outstanding. And we believe we can continue to deliver strong recurring growth into the foreseeable future, and hence, an increased valuation. Now additionally, we've always had an opportunistic bed by creating values out of opportunities with retailers with strong real estate, referred to as our plus business. Our plus business has created substantial value and profits that can be reinvested into high-quality shopping centers with recurring income. In this connection, we are pleased with the results of SUPERVALU and confident that the new management will increase the value of almost 8.2 million shares that we acquired in March. We are excited, we are motivated and we are moving forward to our goal of being a world-class retail REIT with growing cash flows and growing dividends. And now, we'd be delighted to answer any questions.
Milton Cooper: Cedric, it's Milton. I'm going to take a shot. It's a good question. And let me say first, from my perspective, national diversified portfolio geographically tenant mitigates risk. In my mind, it gives to me a measure of safety from a point of view of what may happen in a particular month. But most important, the national platform helps our business in this sense. If a retailer wants to -- if a foreign retailer wants to come to the United States, interested in non-mall locations, what a better place to start than Kimco? And it also is an advantage, Cedric, to our plus business. Because when retailers have issues and come, and we have -- in the SUPERVALU, in the -- all of the Save A Lots, we're being compensated and we get opportunities nationally. So the national platform is in a wonderful advantage in that connection, Cedric.
Milton Cooper: The first metric that you have to look at is the difference between buying a bond, the 10-year treasury, and an income-producing piece of real estate. The major difference is that with inflation, at the end of 10 years, the purchaser of bond is lucky to have purchasing power of maybe 60%. In a shopping center, you not only have a growing asset but residual values are higher. And historically, while there is a direct connection between cap rates and interest rates, there are limits. There was a time when the prime rate was 21%, treasuries were double-digits. But during that time, cap rates did not go above 10%. So they have been kept in a band that's much narrower than the fluctuation of interest rates. And you have an addition, the benefits on a portion of your cash flow and buying real estate assets tax-free by way of depreciation. So historically, while there is a connection, it's not a direct connection.
Milton Cooper: Well, if you take Conor's passion, he's outlined, over time, $750 million of redevelopments at double-digit yields. That, over time, augurs a very healthy increase in our yields and in our flows.
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, sure, Christie. Well, certainly, the one big difference for sure is just look at the base treasury rate. When we did our bond, we issued when the 10-year treasury was 196. Now you're looking at basically a 260 treasury. And spreads have definitely widened out a little bit. I mean, our spread on that deal was 125 over. Today, we'd probably be around 140, 145. And if you asked me that 2 weeks ago, I probably would tell you it was about 160. So markets move pretty quickly on that side of the world, but it's definitely gotten better and you're seeing more traction. But rates' all-in coupons are definitely higher. The Canadian bond is a different -- it's a different market. It's a smaller market there. Those are done as private placement deals. So again, we feel pretty good about what we were able to do. That market is probably around the same where it is today. So we're probably, on a 7-year deal, somewhere around 180 over. As far as it relates to transactions, we really haven't seen a drop-off in transactions because of it. You still have a pretty wide spread between really where 10-year treasuries are and cap rates from a historic basis. So it really hasn't slowed things down. The CMBS market is open. The bank market is open. The bond market is open. So for right now, it looks pretty healthy to be able to conduct and to transact.
Glenn G. Cohen: Craig -- I mean, again, it's something that we continue to look at. Conor and I have -- these 2 months here, we've spent a lot of time looking at the list, working through it and making further decisions about it. There's definitely more that we want to sell, but the amount of ABR that those assets make up, it's pretty -- getting to a level point where it's pretty modest. The assets are smaller. But you're going to continue to see us sell assets, and you're going to -- I think, as you look out 2, 3, 4, 5 years, it just becomes part of the fabric of the business. We are going to continue and analyze where properties, in our view, have risk. And if we see a declining NOI in the future, where the population growth is going the wrong way, you're going to see us market those assets. It's just a different view and a different look at how we view the portfolio today.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, jeff, it's Glenn. I would say we plan to maintain our national presence. That is something that's very important to us. So you may see us shrink some of the markets that we're in, but the national presence and the diversity and tenant mix that we offer, we think, is a real differentiator for us. So we don't expect that to change.
Glenn G. Cohen: Nate, it's a little tough because many of them have options in them. So it really depends on when they're exercised, whether they're exercised or not exercised. So it's a little bit tough to really pinpoint it specifically. But we know, and as you've seen quarter-after-quarter, we get them. I mean, the Kohl's example is a great one. I mean, it's a very old lease at under $2 a foot. You bring this to market. So it's a real benefit of the age and size of the portfolio. Well, Nate, I'm going to out on a limb and give you one example just to make you feel good. We have a property in the city of New York. There's a 100,000-foot tenant who is paying probably a rent that with taxes is almost flat, 0 or negative. And on that 100,000 feet, I think we'll go from 0, negative just to $20 a foot in 2017. That's the one example I can give you.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, I would say, for the balance of the year, we're probably going to be a net seller if it all comes out the way we think it will. Coming into 2014, what we'll -- we'll give you a better feel for it probably on the next call, but my guess is you'll probably be a net acquirer somewhat in 2014, but it's going to -- Mike, it's going to be about us looking at assets that aren't just based on what that initial cap rate is. It's really about where we see growth and opportunity in those assets. You're not going to see us buying large, large portfolios of assets that we think have issues with them. It's really -- we're going to be very, very judicious and careful and disciplined about what we're acquiring.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, from a leasing spreads standpoint, it's a little tough because it depends on when the rent commences. So signing a new lease and having it commence is a different time period than what's embedded in your same-site NOI number because the same-site NOI number is a cash basis. But if you look at our same-site NOI growth, it is roughly -- and I don't know, I think the same-site NOI was up about $7 million. We do it -- we have a disclosure which breaks down the dollars, so maybe that can help you with your model.
Glenn G. Cohen: We haven't done -- we really haven't done that, Jeff. If it's something that could help you, we -- I'm sure Dave Bujnicki could go over some of the details with you after the call.
Glenn G. Cohen: Christy, it's Glenn. You probably should expect us to spend somewhere between $100 million and $150 million a year. And again, depending on how -- to Conor's point, it gets a little lumpy. If it's a bigger project, we might spend more. But I think that's at least a target range to start with.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, the small-shop occupancy, we started only tracking it maybe 4, 5 years ago. We think, at its peak, it was right around 90%, so that was its peak. Today, we're sitting at around, what, 84.3%? So we feel that there's definitely more upside to come there.
Conor C. Flynn: I would agree. I think that actively managing the portfolio is something that's just become a fabric of our company. And going forward, we're just going to continue to take a look at the shifts in retail nodes, the shifts in demographics, and continue to analyze each and every site individually and look to see if it's opportunistic to exit.
Conor C. Flynn: That's accurate. I think we're definitely -- you're going to see us shift much more into reinvesting in our properties and taking the funds that we can generate from our dispositions and reinvesting into our existing portfolio and redevelopment pipeline.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, I think you're going to see us continue look to acquire larger assets that have more meat on the bone, is what we like to say, or more redevelopment opportunities. Those -- really, when you have the acreage involved in a site that's quite large, you have a lot more opportunity to focus on creating value on the property. I think you'll still see us selling out some of our smaller tertiary markets and looking to invest in high-quality properties in our core markets and with a constant analysis towards value creations. So I think going forward, we may not change in GLA, but our site count may change, but as a focus of -- toward the lower assets with higher potential for redevelopments.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that on our portfolio reviews with our retailers, we're really focused on the regional players that are looking to become national. Sprouts Farmers Market is a good example, where they've started out west and are now growing nationally, and we can offer -- and we can show them an opportunity list that is really unmatched by our peers. And we're the largest landlord for a lot of these tenants as well, so that becomes opportunistic when we're going through renewals or looking for opportunities for these retailers.
Conor C. Flynn: I think it's about 500. So we're running that analysis, and we're digging into the expiration schedules to see where the options are. Some of them have fair market value options or are escalators involved that -- what we can take a deeper dive into. But it's about 500 of the 1,000.
Conor C. Flynn: It includes it. I'll start with the last question. And just going through the redevelopment pipeline, the projects that were added, which Mr. Cooper referenced earlier, is that we're looking at every single asset, and it can range inside the projects. So the specifics of the ones that became active this quarter, it's an LA Fitness being built in Staten Island, it's a Burlington Coat being built in Florida, it's a relocation and an expansion for ULTA Cosmetics, it's developing a PetSmart in Puerto Rico, it's downsizing a Best Buy and then adding an ULTA, it's splitting boxes, it's also adding outparcels in California and redeveloping and adding significant GLA on a few other properties. So the range of scope of what you're looking for in a redevelopment project can vary greatly. And I think on the timing side of it, it can be very lumpy. There's -- if you've ever done a rehab project even in your own house, you know how the timing of it can be very hard to pinpoint. But on our analysis of active projects, we tend to think that those will be at -- that we are spending money on currently, that those flows will hit in the 1- to 3-year period. And then the ones that are in the planning phase will hit in the 3- to 5-year period. And then the future ones will be 5 to 10 out. So that gives you a little bit of a perspective of the timing of it.
Conor C. Flynn: That's correct. I mean, I think you're starting to see the small shop health really improve. Even if you look at our spreads on just the small shops, over 60% of them were positive, which is a very, very unique factor for us because it's been flat to negative in the past. So we're starting to see that health metric improve.
David B. Henry: Craig, we've basically concluded there's 2 wonderful ways to invest capital. One is in redevelopment, where it's so accretive and so incremental to our earnings; and secondly, buying out joint venture partners because we're able to achieve better-than-average cap rates on those acquisitions. Because we're buying partial interest, we can assume the debt, there's no broker, it's negotiated off-market and so forth. So both of those are wonderful places for us to invest capital on, and that's where we've been concentrating.
David B. Henry: Yes. Well, let me take it in 2 pieces. We're definitely committed to exit in whole in South America. And of those 7 remaining assets, 5 are essentially spoken to. The 2 in Brazil are still formally on the market and being marketed by Brookfield. But we think we're close on them. The biggest asset we have in South America remains our multi-story mall in Viña del Mar, and we have a tentative deal on that, and that should happen over the next couple of months. So that will essentially clean up South America. Mexico, the market continues to be wide open in terms of the acquisition appetite by the Fibras, or the Mexican REITs, both existing Fibras and Friba want-to-bes, I guess I would say, and we continue to get some nice offers on the remaining properties we have, which are roughly, depending on how you count, maybe 35 shopping centers plus some net lease properties. Plus, we have our Kimco land fund. We've got a one-off industrial property still that wasn't included in the Terrafina sale. So we've got some multiple stuff down there. So we are looking at offers on those. We have not signed any agreements on those in terms of contracts. But it remains an intriguing window of opportunity to sell Mexico assets at cap rates, quite frankly, we didn't think we'd see on an exit.
David B. Henry: It's all within the context of upgrading the portfolio. So it's going to be higher and higher quality over time.
David B. Henry: Well, we still manage a combined portfolio of almost $10 billion, of which about 60% is held by all kinds of third parties. We probably have 2 dozen institutional and other partners remaining, some of which have indicated an interest to be -- to dispose of their interest. So we continue to have discussions. I'd say UBS was particularly large, so I don't anticipate -- or we don't anticipate a very large one like that. But we are due -- in discussions with some of the moderate-sized partners, and we hope to bring them to fruition in the near future. And as I said, it's probably, next to the redevelopment, #2 on what we want to do. So we're being very proactive in this.
David B. Henry: And I would also add, there remains fierce competition for the A -- the prime-quality assets out there. So the east hills [ph] of the world have seen no real slow down in the competitive bidding for the very high-quality assets in primary markets, and those cap rates have definitely continued to be less than 6 for many of those high-quality assets. Also, the general trend towards favorable pricing for even the B assets continues. There's just more money chasing these B assets because there's been frustration out there that people can't acquire the A assets. So the cap rates have continued to drift down into the B category. So as a very general comment, I'd say stuff we sold that was clearly B or B- a couple of years ago were in the 9s, now they're in the 7s. So -- and we haven't seen that back up at all.
David B. Henry: That said, I would add, besides ramping up the redevelopment, which takes capital and proactively trying to buyout partners, we continue to have opportunities to buy assets in the marketplace, some of which are intriguing to us, and some of these we may be able to negotiate off-market. So I'm a little more optimistic on the acquisition side given our history and our nature. So I'd say we'll probably be at least even this year. But we'll see.
David B. Henry: It could well. I personally continue to be fascinated by this lack of new supply. Historically, on average, roughly 100,000 shopping centers out there in the U.S., there's been a new supply of about 2%. Today, we're at a run rate of 0.1%, and it is not expected to increase substantially above that level for several years. The old days of buying 50 to 100 acres and going through years of entitlements and environmental fights and then pre-leasing and then getting construction financing, I -- we just don't see that coming back anytime soon. So although we're all looking at second phases and some redevelopment, it's still not material in terms of substantially increasing the supply of space. So at -- couple that with a 5-year high of retailers opening up stores. 80,000 new stores are going to open up over the next 2 years, so that's really quite amazing demand that we can work with. So we're optimistic that the industry is healthy. We're definitely on the recovery track. We're, of course, subject to some very high-level macro events because we're all about consumer spending and consumer confidence, but that said, the fundamental supply versus demand is shifting back in our favor after a very rough 3 or 4 years.
David B. Henry: And also, if you amortize it over the initial base term, yes, you can get a little nervous about that. But most of these have options built in, and so a reasonable way to look at that is to amortize those TIs over a much smaller period of time.
David B. Henry: I think it's also fair to use Milton's wonderful word, "reservoir of opportunities," when you look at our very large portfolio of shopping centers that Conor has taken a hard relook at and has found many more redevelopment prospects than perhaps we've found before. So you've seen a rededicated, reenergized look at this stuff, and it's yielding results.
David B. Henry: We do intend to be very disciplined. Just because we have some more money coming in, we're not going to be particularly aggressive. We're disciplined. We do look for properties that have, a, very high quality; and b, growth embedded in the asset. And we are looking as best we can for off-market opportunities, where we leverage relationships of Milton's or others to get those kinds of deals. And again, we refer you back to the opening, where our first place to put capital is into our own properties, where we can get wonderfully accretive incremental yields. Secondly, buying out partners where the cap rates are generally above market. And then third, looking for these selective opportunities where there's good growth and very high quality.
