David Bujnicki: Thanks, Dan, and good morning and I thank you all for joining Kimco's fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: We’re ready to move to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue we request a one-question limit with an appropriate follow-up. This will provide all our callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you’re welcome to re-join the queue. Dan, you may take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Dan, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental as posted on our website. Have a good day.
Unidentified Company Representative: Christy, I’ll just add. The same-site guidance that we have this is just going to be U.S. based because the balance of these assets really – is really anticipated to be sold, most of it within the first half of the year whatever stragglers by the end of the year. 
Unidentified Company Representative: The beauty of Owings Mills is, it’s going to be a blank slate. So that’s why we bought all the different pieces. So mall of redevelopment is a tricky one, especially if you don’t control all the pieces. So what we did was we purchased our partners interest, we purchased the Macy’s, we purchased the JCPenney, what you allows us to really start from scratch and take down the mall. And our design is really for best-in-class open air shopping center, which includes big box retailers, junior anchors, restaurants, you name it. So we have – we actually have four different site plans of working on right now that we think all will have significant value and really clear [ph] lot of value for our shareholders in the long-term.
Unidentified Company Representative: It’s a good question. It’s one that I think as retailers look at their occupancy costs, they really have to be mindful of sales growth as well as how much rent they can pay. The nice thing about our sector is we have some of the lowest occupancy costs across any sector of REITs, so we think we have significant pricing power still left to go. And it really helps by being in the best markets and having the best assets. Those are ones that are very difficult to come by so retailers don’t necessarily want to lose those store count either. So it’s one that we think still has a long runway to go. And again, I think that as long as supply and demand remains in check we’re in good shape there.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, the lease termination was really tied to one big lease termination. It was in East Windsor, where we had a Safeway that was dark and paying and they wanted to get out of the lease and offered us a settlement. So we took it and now we have a redevelopment on our hands as well. So it was a double win for us there.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Hey, it’s Conor. On when was that’s the Whole Foods development actually the stabilization dates haven’t changed is more than completion date. So that was actually compressed between the two, actually the cost lowered a little bit there. So we should see that completed this year in the third quarter. Christiana that site plan has actually changed. You’ll see that the cost came down quite a bit. Originally, we had thought, we were going to be developing a product we called power center with junior box lineups, a large big box anchor has significant interest now. So we’ve redesigned the site plan to ground leasing get quite a bit of contribution from that tenant for the redesigned site plan. So that’s really what changed that, that site plan there. Grand Parkway, we’re finalizing the anchor lease there that we should be announcing shortly. But we have yet to finish across that finish line, so that’s really why that, that was pushed out of quarter. So those are the big movie pieces there on those assets.
Conor Flynn: I think combined leasing spreads is really – the double-digit is really our goal. So if we can continue that, that would be fantastic. Some of notable ones we did this past quarter, we did three deals on former Anna's Linens boxes that were actually a positive 33%. So above what our previous range was that we thought we had on that mark-to-market opportunity. And again, it’s all about supply and demand. Right now, we just we see that there is retailers in all categories, whether its small shop, mid-size, junior boxes or the big box anchors. They all have been very aggressive in growing store count, and that continues to lead to bidding wars, which will bid up rents. And we continue to see that, that is an opportunity for us going into this year.
Conor Flynn: We obviously monitor our tenant’s health very closely. Our watch list hasn’t really changed all that much. I mean you know that we have been watching the same tenants for a long time now. And I think it’s relatively healthy when you look out. Clearly there might be some consolidation or some fall-out in the year but overall we think we’re in the sweet spot of retail. We think off-price is really becoming the darling in the U.S. and we continue to see huge demand for that type of space. And we think that this year we’ll continue along that path of being just a healthy environment.
Conor Flynn: Puerto Rico is obviously one we’re watching closely. It’s relatively small in terms of the impact on our whole portfolio. It’s a little bit less than 3%. So we watch it closely. We have seen activity on the Anna’s boxes that we got back, and think we’ll be able to lease those up this year. Clearly the headline, the Puerto Rico’s in some serious issues. We’re trying to restructure their debt but the shopper is still vibrant down there. We recently hosted a portfolio tour down there and Glenn, you want to talk a little about the traffic you saw.
Conor Flynn: Yes, most of our strategic developments have a story to them, and we feel very confident about why we think it’s appropriate to add these to the pipeline. If you go asset by asset, they each have a reason why. The one in Fort Lauderdale is right across from our most successful shopping center in the state of Florida and the demand has been off the charts there. If you look at the Christiana Delaware, it’s right along 95 where we’ve been working to rezone that from a former Sears warehouse to now a retail offering, it’s right next to GGP’s successful Christiana mall. So each and every one of these projects has a story to it. And there is not going to be significant more development in our pipeline looking out, mainly because the land prices have really skyrocketed. A lot of that’s due to the multifamily that we’ve seen pop up. But we see the demand from our retailers to want to grow store count and the limited supply. So each of these projects has really – it’s within a key market for us. The demand is there. The one in Houston obviously with Houston going through headwinds, we still see retailers wanting to be there and fill a void. Clearly the apartments since the density around our Grand Parkway project has been there for a long period of time and I think the retail was the last sector to really catch up to meet the demand. So we haven’t seen any falloff in terms of retailer demand there. And that will actually be one of our first development projects out of the ground and we’re cautiously optimistic that it will be a big success.
Conor Flynn: I think we reposted, and the Target back on the plan there. So that was probably just a refresh that you need to do on the supplemental. But yes, you mentioned a few tenants that are on our watch list. Those tenants are obviously ones we’re watching closely and monitoring. We’re cautiously optimistic that it’s not going to be a liquidation, if and when something happens to those retailers. So we’re looking to see where our exposure is, how we can limit it and again that mark-to-market opportunity that we talk about is really our measure of safety when we get those boxes back. So we think we’re trying to be careful about how we manage risk and those junior boxes you mentioned are ones that are obviously on the watch list. 
Conor Flynn: We can get back to you on the percentage of the total portfolio of an off-price component. It would be very high and so we can give you an exact percentage. But on your question on saturation, it’s one we watch closely. There’s obviously a lot of new players in the off-price segment. We love the off-price segment. We think that TJX has been really the phenomenal performer for many, many years now. And if you look back not too long ago the market cap of TJX and Ross combined was relatively small compared to some of the mall anchors and if you just compare it to today it’s really phenomenal just the growth that they’ve achieved.  The new players we’re watching closely. You want to try and pick best-in-class and have the merchandising mix that enhances the shopping center and the amount of traffic it drives. So we’re cautiously optimistic that I think that more competition is good for the off-price sector. We clearly favor the ones that have the proven business model and have been doing it for many, many years. But going forward it will be an interesting situation to watch to see who really can capture some of that market share. TJX obviously has such a lead and Ross is really ramping up their expansion plans. And then if you look at Nordstrom Rack and then some of the Saks Off Fifth, Fine from Lord & Taylor, there is a lot of players out there that are trying to really gain market share. So it will be interesting to see how competitive they are.
Conor Flynn: We have been in talks with Backstage. We have yet to execute a lease with them. So again, it’s one of those newer players we’re watching closely to see how they perform. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, they have one open bricks and mortar location in Seattle. They continue to see that as an opportunity. We have met with them. We’ve talked about opportunities with them. I think they’re going to be very select and very strategic on their store opening plan. And so I think it’s going to be more of a measured approach to it rather than a full-blown assault on opening a lot of bricks and mortar stores. But it’s clearly an indication that a lot of pure e-commerce retailers see the value of opening physical stores, which is a real boost for our sector because there is this tethering effect. And you see it from a lot of our retailers, who come out and display the amount of online sales that go into opening a new physical location, but also the amount that they lose when they close a physical location in terms of the online sales. So it’s interesting to watch and Amazon obviously being the largest is clearly a good sign for us for the long haul.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s both, actually. They’re looking to try and enter some of our redevelopments as well as the new developments. So it’s nice because a lot of the times when we were looking at the most active players, it was the junior boxes. They were the ones most aggressive on redevelopments as well as the ground up developments we have in our pipeline. And it’s nice to see now that the big box anchors are coming back and looking to grow store count. And again, it’s in select locations where they see opportunity or it might be a void for them. But again, the mass merchandisers have been missing for a while in terms of activity. So, it’s nice to see them back looking for stores.
Conor Flynn: You’re spot on. My comments earlier were really targeted towards the big box players. But you’re right on when you talk about the grocery competition in the Mid-Atlantic. It is going to be fierce with all those new entrants into that market. And you’re right where it’s going to be a bidding war. It’s going to be interesting to see who shakes out in terms of the winners and losers. But there’s going to be plenty of aggressive entrance into that market in the Mid-Atlantic and you named pretty much the majors that are all coming and coming in droves. So on your question on Lidl, it’s an interesting one. We met with them and talked to them about their plans. Most of their plans are self-development. So they’re actually looking to self develop standalone grocery stores where they can be competitors to the traditional grocery stores at a lower price point. So most of what they’ve been doing is tying up land and looking to self develops. So they have a little bit of a different approach to it than say some of your traditional grocer, who is looking to lease space. That being said, though, there’s plenty of bidding going on for opportunity there, but it’s already a very tight market. So it’s very difficult to penetrate.
Conor Flynn: Well, with respect to Haggen, I know they’re looking at the 30 odd stores that are going – they’re trying to sell their going concern. But again I’m not sure; I’m not into the detail. So I don’t know if there’s FTC issues about being able to take down all of those locations or not. Partly on that front, Albertson’s had a lawsuit with Haggen’s that was settled. So that will help get something done there. So it was a big step for them to get that resolved. With respect to the IPO, the S-1 remains on file. It’s been updated for the third quarter. And the fourth quarter for Albertson’s ends, I think February 22 or 23. So market conditions improve, come after the fourth quarter, revisit the opportunity in the public markets.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s a good question. We’re targeting between 7.5 and 8.5. That’s really where the really the expected yields are for the entire portfolio of redevelopment and development projects. So obviously Owings Mills is just a recent combination of acquisitions there. So we have a few different site plans depending on the best return which one we will go with. Pentagon is obviously the apartment towers that we’ve talked about in 25,000 square feet of new retail there. So the ROI’s going to be a little bit lower there because of the apartments but the spread from the cap rate is still well over 200 basis points. So we feel like we have a manageable pipeline that really will deliver significant NAV for the Company going forward 
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean Anna’s Linens boxes, if you remember we had 21 leases. We have three fully executed leases that the positive 33% spread. We have 14 active leases in negotiation to fill those boxes. Two of the leases were assigned to. And we actually sold two. So we actually have very strong interest across the board on Anna’s linens. And I think, when it’s all said and done, we might be at the high end or above the initial range when we set our mark-to-market there.  A&P the nine locations five were assigned four to Acme one to Best Yet. The four vacant boxes have significant interest. I’m sorry – we have really when you break it down, it’s a phenomenal opportunity to really reposition what was a struggling grocer. And you name it in terms of who the off-price retailers that want to try and take these box as well as some of the specialty grocers, and even some of the warehouse clubs that are – where we have liquidity and lease termination rights for the surrounding retail. We might have some redevelopment potential there. In addition to the Staten Island redevelopment where we plan on keeping that as a strategic vacancy through 2017 when our entitlements come into place and we have a very large redevelopment there.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean it’s pretty amazing. I mean I was down there on this NDR. You go into Kmart’s in Puerto Rico, all the lights are on. The shelves are fully stocked. The couple that we went into, there’s seven or eight registers open with three or four people deep in them and the parking lots are filled with people shopping. The discounter approach down there works really well. Although the economy – the Puerto Rican economy’s been in a recession for a long time. It really is a very deep underground economy there and the people just shop. So the properties are very, very successful.
Glenn Cohen: It’s a very fair and great question. We’re very closely monitoring the progress that we make on the sales because the bonds serve as our natural hedge. So depending on the timing and the quickness of the sales, we’re going to need to evaluate how we want to handle the debt. As long as we leave the cash in Canada, it stays naturally hedged. But there may come a point where it makes sense to either do across currency swap, tender for the bonds, make whole the bonds, but it’s something that’s very much on the radar screen that we’ll have to address as we go forward.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it’s bumped up really due to acquisitions, right. Certainly when we brought on the Blackstone portfolio, the Christown asset is a very large asset that has it in there. It will probably a little bit higher, but not, not – and just modestly higher than where we see it today.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean if you think about the initial guidance that we put out last year, right, we were in this 3 to 3.5 range. We brought for the whole year we came in at 3.1.– as Conor mentioned Anna’s and A&P really hit us about 50 basis points. So we would have achieved the high end of the range, but bankruptcies happen. The guidance range does incorporate a modest amount, not a lot of bankruptcies.  So if you get to the midpoint, we think there should be a very, very modest amount. If there’s a large scale bankruptcy, you probably would have a nick on us, and you probably would end up towards the lower end of the range. If it stays stable and the lease-up happens where we think we can get to the mid-to-upper end of the range.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It’s fairly on a relative basis, it’s fairly modest. I mean what’s baked in the guidance from a cash standpoint is somewhere between $50 million and $100 million to us, late in the year. So for a 2016 impact, it’s fairly modest. And they can be supplemented in many different ways. You might have a little bit more debt. I mean at the high end of $100 million it’s about one tick of net debt to EBITDA. You may have more sales that supplement it. So in the scheme of things if it didn’t go we would obviously have to deal with our headline guidance because it’s baked into that. But other than that, the recurring flows are all there and it’s modest to the capital plan.
Glenn Cohen: Well, the nice part about what we have is an enormous amount of liquidity. We end the year with zero outstanding on our credit facility. As you see in our guidance, we’re still planning to be a net seller during the year, so there’s more proceeds coming in. And the nice part about where we are today is we do have an ATM in place and we can use it opportunistically if it makes sense to do so. So it’s another thing that we continually monitor and we try to take advantage of improving the balance sheet at any point in time that we can in measured form.
Glenn Cohen: We will be – so far. So the remaining assets that we’ll need to sell, because they’ll match up against the Canadian bonds that are outstanding, so we’re not going to be repatriating that cash so quickly because we’ll need to balance it with the debt, keep the natural hedge in place.
Glenn Cohen: Market rent really depends on location and obviously the strength of the site and the surrounding demographics. But the market rents in the top markets continue to pick up nicely. It really is a function of supply and demand and we continue to see pretty strong leasing spreads but if you look at the pure tick-up in market rents, it’s at the high end of our range where we expected it to be. And you will continue to see it improve as retailers really have focused on making sure to try and penetrate these markets but also not lose stores. I think that’s more of a critical component to it is retailers that are coming to for renewals are worried about losing store count in these tough markets where they have significant market share. So you’ll probably see the renewal spread actually pick up a little bit this year as those leases come up for renewal.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean it’s Glenn. Also, our portfolio is a little bit different because it’s older. We have so many leases still that are really well below market. So even though you might not have true dramatic amounts of rent growth, per se, relative to where our leases are today, leases that are 10 years, 15 years, 20 years old. You still have a lot of upside and when you bring those to market. 
