Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Conor, and good morning. 2016 is also a solid start. We continue to execute on all fronts, listing, dispositions, redevelopment and development activity as part of the strengthening of our balance sheet metrics. These are the primary ingredients needed to achieve our 20/20 vision.  Headline FFO per diluted share which represents the official navy definition was $0.38, up from $0.37 last year and higher than first call consensus. The improved performance is attributable to a 5.2% increase in U.S. net operating income which was substantially offset by the reduction in NOI from the Canadian dispositions. Lower G&A expense and lower financing cost attributable to the redemption of the 6.9% preferred stock last year also contributed to the growth.  Included in the headline result is a profit participation from the sale of a Canadian preferred equity investment of $5.5 million. FFO is adjusted or recurring FFO which excluded non-operating impairments and transactional income and expense was $0.37 per diluted share for the first quarter up from $0.36 last year, 2.8% increase. We accomplished this growth level despite the $0.03 per share diluted impact from our portfolio transformation. The portfolio transformation includes the substantial disposition of assets in Latin America and in Canada totaling $900 million and $600 million of U.S. dispositions in just the last 12 months. The diluted impact was more than offset with the reduced financing cost and $1.4 billion of acquisitions of high quality assets in our key markets. Many of the acquisitions were sourced from our joint venture programs. Our portfolio operating team delivered solid first quarter results maintaining our anchor expend and occupancy at 98.2% and the increasing small shops placed by 40 basis points from the year ago to 88.6%. We remain on target for small shop occupancy to reach 90% by year end. We continue to deliver strong leasing spreads of 19.1% renew leases, up 6.3% renewals and options and 7.5% combined.  U.S. same site NOI growth is 1.5% and includes a credit loss reserve of $3.2 million or 140 basis points related to the bankruptcy filing by Sports Authority. This reserve demand includes 100% of all prepetition amounts and $811,000 of grant for March which remains unchanged. Even with the short term impact from Sports Authority, we remain on track and reaffirm our full year U.S. same site and a wide guidance range of an increase of 2.5% to 3.5%.  Additionally, in an effort to giving analyst and investor community further information for comparability purposes, we have included in our supplemental package the same site disclosures of strength line rent adjustments, lease termination fees and amortization of above trends. As part of our 20/20 vision, we are laser focused on further improving our debt metrics with a target of five to five and a half times for consolidated net debts or recurring EBITDA and a fixed charge coverage of three times plus. In the last 12 months we have reduced our net debt by $560 million from $5.5 billion to $4.94 billion on March 31. At the end of the first quarter, net debts or recurring EBITDA is 5.9 times down from 6.6 times a year ago and fixed charge coverage came in at 3.2 times. We retain over $400 million of maturing debts during the first quarter and we paid an additional $117 million of mortgage set in April, leaving us with just about $250 million in remaining consolidated maturities for the balance of the year. A portion of the debit payment was accomplished with $138.5 million of proceeds raised from the issuance of 4.96 million shares of common equity through an ATM program, at a weighted average offering price of $28.20 per share during March and April.  At another data point, at the end of the first quarter, our total debt to total market capitalization was down to 28%, the lowest level in the past eight years. Based on the solid first quarter results, we are reaffirming our headline FFO per share guidance range of $1.54 to $1.62. Please keep in mind that the bulk of the transactional income to 2016 is anticipated to occur late in the fourth quarter. We were also reaffirming our FFO at adjusted per share values range of $1.48 to $1.52 in the midpoint of $1.50 per share, and each of our operating guidance assumptions. And with that we'd be happy to answer your questions. 
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Alex, it's Glenn. The equity that we raise in the first quarter and the beginning part of the second quarter was really in line with what we had budgeted in terms of our overall capital plan. Now we continue to monitor the market and continue to watch what's happening with our disposition pipeline, watching the acquisition side of it. And again, we're very much monitoring very closely what happens with Albertson's, because Albertson's could be a very major component of capital that comes to us without causing any dilution at all. As a matter of fact it would be coming very free to transaction to us. So we are very focused as I mentioned on continuing to improve balance sheet metrics and bringing leverage down overtime, but we're going to do it methodically and opportunistically.
Glenn Cohen: Again, as I said, Alex, we are monitoring the overall capital plan and we'll do it methodically and opportunistically. Now again, just to clarify the last point of the timing. We're already in the middle of April; there is a 180-day lockout period on day one of an IPO. So you're ready in the fourth quarter and we know it's not happening for a little while longer, that's why my comment that it wouldn't be any earlier than late in the fourth quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Hi, Rich, it's Glenn. We continue to evaluate the bonds themselves, although we do have a lot of things under contract, we really would want the capital in hand before we start to make decisions about pulling those bonds. So we have to play it out for another quarter or so. But it's definitely on the table, it's something we're evaluating.
Conor Flynn: We're ready to move on to the Q&A portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue, we request a one question limit with an appropriate follow up. This will provide all callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Keith, you may take our first caller.
Conor Flynn: Sure, happy to. Oakwood and Dania, we've been very proactive with our partners. As you know one of our strategies is to really own more of our assets 100% and give us total control of our destiny. And this especially was true with Oakwood and Dania. Oakwood is where we have an office, so we have a physical presence there, and we realize that with Oakwood and Dania we have a unique opportunity to really enhance the value of both assets of what we're trying to do both at Oakwood and at Dania. So we've been proactive with all of our partners, and this one was opportunistic for us to strike and really take CPP out of the transaction early on in the stage. So we were able to by CPP out of the development site at their bases which means that was extremely opportunistic, and now that we have Costco fully executed we think that it's just the beginning of a strong pre-leasing effort for the first phase. And the second phase now that we have complete control, due to the ability to really take a step back and look at what's the highest and best use for the property. If we want to sell off parcels, if we want to self-develop more parcels or if we want to do a higher density. We have that luxury now which before we probably have the inability to do so because of the partnerships. So we feel like it gives us more flexibility and it continues to allow us focus on larger assets with significant both development and redevelopment opportunity. So that was a little bit of a history there, and in terms of the concentration, you're right that's going to be in terms of our size that number one and number two producing properties in the portfolio. But we also have tremendous pockets of concentration in California, in New York and with future redevelopments at West Lake and as well as some of our larger assets. I think that there will be large assets that may challenge the number one and number two distinction that we've given Dania and Oakwood. And we always want to love to see and make sure that we're diversified accordingly. So if it becomes too concentrated we'll have hopefully the luxury of what would be an alternative ideas there of what we should do.
Conor Flynn: Hi, Craig, it's Conor. Yes, I think that when you look at the, if you talk about half of the Sports Authority boxes, it will obviously be a case by case situation. But the one that we have really been handily marketing. We feel like we have a tremendous amount of interest on those boxes. So we have LOIs already in place on a number of them. So if you want to just take the 25% and cut it in half, it will probably take us probably another quarter or two to probably finalize the leases and get half of them fully executed. That being said, we're well aware of the interest levels of other sporting goods operators in the real estate and their lease hold positions. So we anticipate anywhere between during the auction process maybe 10 to 15 leases that maybe sold to their competitors.
Conor Flynn: Nothing's special. What happens is when a tenant leaves that had a blow market rent and they leave early you have to save the full amount into occupancy and we had that in one particular case, so $7 million. It's really what it is; it's nothing more than there.
Conor Flynn: Yes, absolutely. We have four A&P boxes left to lease off. One of them in Staten Island is a large scale redevelopment highland plaza. We're going to through the user process right now to add over 100,000 square feet additional density. We haven't executed lease still at the full line grocer but we can't yet disclose who it is because we're still going through the entitlement process. So not going to be a 2017 redevelopment. That's very large in scale. So we've been pre-leasing that but we have yet to disclose it as we go through the entitlements. Home Dell in New Jersey is another one where we have LOIs going with two potential specialty grocers that are bidding a portion of the space as well as the best in class off price retailers to co-tenant with them to split that box. A third one in Staten Island which is really the last piece. It's up Richmond, its redevelopment, and that's where we did the large target redevelopment and this was the last phase. We have guild approved at REC committees with retailers to split them up. One for at best in class specialty growth certainly half of it and another best in class of price user to sync the other half. The final A&P store is actually under contract to be sold to an end user. They came and approached us to purchase the asset and because of the end user is able to really pay a significant price so we're under contract there. It's probably should be closing next quarter.
Conor Flynn: Yes, the mark-to-market overall is around 5% to 10%. So we do have some upside depending on which stores we get back and obviously it depends site by site. On the releasing side of it, it's going to be again case by case scenario. We do have LOIs for users who take the whole box and also users to split. Many of the offsite concepts have multiple flags, so they could take the whole box and do multiple uses in that box as well. We also have the opportunity to add grocery to 15 of our 25 locations. So we've obviously pinned that down as a priority for us to see if we can create some value there as well, and we're working with some of the specialty grocers as well as traditional grocers to take those boxes. So again the average base rep for all 25 is under $15 a foot. These are all locations that we think are very much in demand and there's very little supply out there. So whether it's going to be a competitor that just buy the lease and has to live with the existing use clause or is an off price user or a grocery store, there's also some interest from some of the home improvement sector as well from, so they're smaller boxes. So we think we're, we have costs optimistic that we're going to be in good shape here for the lone mall.
Conor Flynn: We did have a portion of it in our budget for the first quarter. So we knew our first quarter was going to be challenged in terms of sale because we are dealing with the A&P, the ANS, as well as the reserve taken for Sports Authority. The lease up continues to be robust, the portfolio. When we look at our pipeline going out, not only in the future but also looking back. The second half of the year is definitely heavily weighted towards our same side NOI top. So that's really what gives us the optimism to keep the guidance unchanged.
Conor Flynn: No, only six of the 25 are going through that process right now. So again it's a fluid situation. We obviously are marketing all the boxes but those are the only six that are going through that going out of business sale currently.
Conor Flynn: We would agree. We think this is a very healthy environment right now. If you look at the overall supply it's very, very well, and the bankruptcy filings that you've seen and the store closings are relatively modest especially when you compare year-over-year and when you look at our sector, we are starting to look at shadow supply a little bit differently. We're starting to look at some of the mall anchor boxes that are possibly coming back as part of our competitive set going forward. So we're being kind of sense it to be aware of it, but overall it's a very healthy environment. The new leases that are getting done today are what really the best in class operators. The off price retailers continue to add some accounts to this brand new, competition coming into that sector. The specialty grocers continue to want to add unit count. So we think that we continue to be in the sweet spot of retail, and it's a good time to get boxes back. There's no question about it.
Conor Flynn: It's really dealing with the A&P and that was still, that have not hit the flow. So if you look at the executed leases that we have for the pending deals we have working on the A&Ps, they won't start to flow until the second half of the year. So that's where we really start to see the uptick in the same side NOI. So that's really what were still dealing with but we have plenty of opportunity there, plenty of demands, so we think we'll be able to pick that back up and that's why we reinforced our guidance in same side NOI.
Conor Flynn: It's actually lower if you look at it sequentially. I mean, we always tend to take the task of trying to invest less in the retailer and more in the real estate. So if you look at a lot of our deals, they're ground leases, which will negatively impact our average space rent, but we think through the long term as the best economic deal. So we try and make the retailer invest inside this space and we do the improvements to the shopping center. So that is half of what we take for a long period of time, and we continue to look at that going forward.
Conor Flynn: The leases were signed over a year ago. So redevelopments usually take a long time to get entitlement to get going, so these were done at a time where we did a thorough review of their business plan with their CEO, their CFO and held a conference call to see what their plan was. Unfortunately, they missed their plan and they were part of the redevelopment that included, we're doing a brand new Whole Foods at one, we're doing Ross, TJX and others on those other two. So we feel there's plenty of demand for that box going forward in those redevelopments, and we have not given them any tentative approval on any of those site. So we have the flexibility to go back and re-lease those boxes if and when they're rejected and they revert back to us. So at the time they were in Florida which is their primary market where they were the dominant player at that time, and we thought they were the appropriate co-tenant but luckily because of the strength of the other co-tenants of our redevelopments we think that we'll be able to do potentially even better.
Conor Flynn: It really depends, it depends if they buy the lease. If they buy the lease then there's zero down time, and then we get all the rent back that we reserved for. So on the one that will be rejected, those are the ones that will take some time in terms of lease [ph] build down, building out of the space, and it all depends on what they see with the box. With a single tenant user, you probably can get your right commencement date sooner than if you were to split the box and do a potential multi-tenant pipeline up. So it will really depend on what the highest invest use for that real estate. Some of them might be grocery components on them, might be redevelopments, some of them might be single-tenant users, and then it will just have to come down to what's the best use that we can find.
Conor Flynn: Right now it looks like there's going to be plenty of bidders to buy a number of leases from them, so they might view…
Conor Flynn: They are included in our guidance, the JV Partner buyouts. It will probably be a mix. We like to say we have -- maybe potential JV portfolio buyout but it will probably be more likely where it's just one off situations where similar to an Oakwood and Dania, we go piece by piece and trying to buy individual asset that we can put a little value on.
Conor Flynn: Yes, I mean first of all you have to remember we do have option exercise still from when we're still doing that. So some of that might continue to come in. You have issuances that come from our drip as well, so just a very few point, there's a very, very modest amount that would remain but it's tiny at this point.
Conor Flynn: We have a longer term or medium term goal to continuing to reduce leverage and improve those balance sheet metrics. As you know cash can be tangible but if you look at the amount of mortgage that we will retain this year at close to 6%. To take the leverage down with some equity to make some sense for us. So I would say, yes, we kind of earmarked it to us, debt reduction, leverage reduction, less than about the acquisitions because much of the acquisition activity is being fueled by proceeds coming from disposition activity.
Conor Flynn: The first quarter definitely has more renewals and options in terms of the total high when you look at the combined leasing spreads so it doesn't weigh on the combined leasing spread, but overall we still feel very confident that we can deliver a high single-digit, low double-digit combined leasing spread going forward. We still think there's lots of opportunities to unlock value and mark-to-market opportunities there.
Conor Flynn: Thank you for participating in our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that is posted to our website. Have a nice day.
Ray Edwards: Hi, Albertson's as you know the S1 that was filed back in last summer was updated in January and will be updated next month when order about financials for our fiscal year end which was the end of February done. So the investors and the company, the management's deal that the best direction for the company, its future growth is to be a public company. You have to time it correctly, but when the markets are in the right place its consideration. Nothing's definite now but we're still focused on moving forward. Company's doing very well, leading the trends on the business. Very excited about the future, obviously some things whether we want to do or not as we show in October it's not necessarily going to be the phase [ph] happen, but they're moving in the right direction to go forward with that. That's what we're basing our reason.
Ray Edwards: Conor, it's Ray. I mean the thing is that there are the two big, Ringo Stars both circling the company. So the way to get the store is might be to be buying them through the bankruptcy versus, if brought back and then we could decide which one we want to put in for example. So simply some lively bidding between two major sporting goods stores. They have to be in to happen again, and not wait to see who comes back and try to deal with us.
Ray Edwards: We've always thought that plus business was part of a differentiation of ROE versus others, and it gives us the opportunity through different cycles. We made a lot of money through plus business over the years and it continues to be opportunistic, and with retail being so challenging these days we do think that there may be future opportunities where clearly we're focused on the Albertson's that we currently have and want to create value there before we publicly do anything more.
Ray Edwards: Yes, I mean plus business bankruptcy is where a lot times the retailers own a lot of the real estate and then Sports Authority they own I think one property, actually I am looking at that one, but this is a probably a lease portfolio. You have the users that are the highest bidders for that and the rest was just what this play out. We don't want to chase every deal just to say we're still in the process to make sure it's very profitable.
