David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's third Quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO: Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make certain reference to some non-GAAP items and financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations website. With that, and I'm going to turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that you may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have further questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Sherry, you could take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Yes, this is Dave. Good question. On the new lease spreads as you can see, we maintain very strong double-digit spread comps on new deals for the last 22 quarters. And so that continues to be a very positive trend. As it relates to the renewals and options this quarter was consistent with prior quarter. This was driven primarily by a few options that were exercised, that were that were low ranked ground leases, and as a result, they exercise flat with the Costcos and the Publix of the world. So you strip those out and you get to a more normalized rate of the trailing four. So when you look at the activity of where we are today in the demand drivers and the quality of our portfolio we still see room to run in terms of growth.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. And I hope you enjoy the day.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. We continued our modest level of transactions in the third quarter, selling eight shopping centers for a total gross price of $166.7 million with $70.9 million of Kimco share. Of the eight properties sold, three of them were held in joint ventures as we improve the quality of both the wholly owned and joint venture portfolios. Given the level of dispositions completed so far this year as well as the anticipated closings in the fourth quarter, we are comfortable with the high end of the dispositions range of $200 million to $300 million. Demand for product in the open-air sector continues to be healthy. Over 85% of assets we have brought to market have priced at or above our initial expectations. This has allowed us to be strategic with our asset pruning and to achieve cap rates within our budgeted 7.25% to 7.75% range. Our buyers continue to seek opportunities as the debt markets help generate attractive returns to the private levered buyer. Beyond the single property transaction market, we anticipate seeing a few smaller portfolio transactions announced in the coming months. For core market institutional quality assets, demand continues to be robust. We have seen institutions commenting on the need to rebalance their portfolio allocations with more grocery-anchored in neighborhood centers after increasing exposure to multifamily and industrial properties in recent years. This quarter we saw a transactions in the five cap and even sub five cap range in markets such as Dallas, Washington DC, South Florida and California. On the capital recycling front, the proceeds from our asset pruning activity remain earmarked for finishing the development and redevelopment projects in the active pipeline. That being said, we continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities that fit the geographic and high quality profile that we have created. While still aggressively priced, we will be strategic and opportunistic for the right deals. We believe we have the right portfolio, the right reinvestment opportunities and the right team as we finish 2019 and head into 2020 . I will now pass it off to Glenn.
Ross Cooper: Yes. The activity at Dania has been exceptional. Specific to your question about Forever 21, we can say that that lease itself has not been rejected. They are currently going through a bankruptcy proceedings and we are in a wait and see mode to see the outcome of that. As it relates to co-tenancy, no single tenant is tied to specific co-tenancies, it's typically part of a larger equation, and in light of the recent Spirit announcement bringing 1,000 employees, $250 million of their own investment into Dania it is truly a city on to itself, and the demand has only increased and accelerated as a result of these near-term catalysts. So we feel very, very good long-term about the project. And then referring to Forever 21 as a specifically was one of the first leases signed at Dania nearly three years ago, located in the heart of Main Street, so its location is ideal, and there is upside.
Ross Cooper: I think we'll continue to look at the opportunity set of future projects, understanding where our costs have gone on the construction side and see have been able to keep pace or outpaced them. We have been pleasantly surprised at the Witmer in Pentagon City. We've raised rents 4 times. Our original pro forma had close to 22 leases a month, we've been experiencing over 100 leases a month. So there are cases where the yields have actually improved over our pro forma.
Ross Cooper: Again we've had a guidance plan, we have a guidance range that we put out for the $1.44 to $1.48 that took in the low end of the guidance and the high end of the guidance when we started. We are heading towards the higher end of the guidance. You saw us now tighten up an increase at the midpoint of the guidance range. So we're towards the upper end of that range to begin with. So things are going pretty well. From our standpoint, we've done some refinancings that out occupancy is at all time highs. So we are reaching the upper end of that range to begin with. So I think we're pretty much on track with what we've laid out.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I would say we're really on track with what we laid out as we head towards the upper end of the range. Jeremy the same-site NOI just talks about the performance of the current properties we have when you're looking through the FFO. It also contemplates as Glenn laid out earlier about the dispositions that we had in the NOI we lost from there as well as the new lease accounting that we had to deal with for capitalized costs. So that factors into it on a year-over-year basis.
Ross Cooper: But to put it in perspective, as our occupancy has risen and the anchor boxes are up at 98.7% you have less available boxes for those types of deals.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, we certainly do see opportunities, I would say that for, as I mentioned, the core institutional kind of down the fairway asset. There is no shortage of capital and cap rates continue to be as aggressive as they've ever been. We do think that there is a niche that we can provide in terms of some more value-add opportunities where we can utilize our platform that maybe some of the institutions are shying away from somewhat. That being said, the financing availability for those types of assets is still very robust. So, we are competing with private buyers that are able to take advantage of very attractive financing opportunities. So it's certainly competitive out there. But when we look at what we've been able to accomplish and where we've been heading. We think that it becomes a bit more attractive for us with our cost of capital to hopefully go back a little bit on offense as we get into 2020.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I think we'll continue to selectively prune the portfolio. We believe that that $200 million -- $250 million that Conor mentioned in terms of spend, makes a lot of sense to continue as the run rate on our dispositions. If we have the opportunity and decide to accretively tap into the ATM or other sources to fund it will just be that much to the positive and the capital is fungible. So, there is other opportunities to also look at delevering potential acquisition. So we have a lot of opportunity to invest capital, but on the dispositions front, we think the pruning continues to be appropriate at that level.
Ross Cooper: Sure. The third quarter dispositions were right in the middle of our range. It's been consistent through the first three quarters. So really no meaningful change, obviously somewhat is dependent upon the population of assets in that particular quarter. But it's been fairly consistent right in those mid 7% range. We absolutely could do more. The market is certainly receptive to it. We don't intend to do more. As I mentioned, we believe that it's the appropriate level, given the size of our company and the uses that we have for those funds. The assets are all generally mixed. Some of them are grocery, some of them are power centers with various opportunities for growth for the next buyer. So I would just say that we've continued to evaluate where there is risk in the portfolio. We've looked geographically at what markets we believe have long-term growth opportunities and where we think there is more stagnant growth. And we've also been evaluating with our JV partners where we see those portfolio is going into the future. So, it's a selective process that we're constantly monitoring, but we think that we have a pretty good handle on that process.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yeah, no, I mean for us these are net new leases. The demand drivers historically had been F&B has been strong health and wellness, fitness and this quarter for example CosmoProf at 45 fitness and training Foot Locker has been rapidly expanding more into the open-air world as well. Pacific Dental, the Joint Chiropractic shade-store, just to name a few of the of the small shop tenants that we're seeing in terms of new occupancy. And then as it relates to just the overall activity that we're seeing this quarter really represented one of the highest rates of new deals for shops space under 5,000 sqaure feet. So despite the bankruptcy is in the vacate that were expected with Payless, Avenues Charming Charlie's, the demand drivers were still very, very strong going into the balance of the year.
Ross Cooper: No, it absolutely, that's top of mind always I mean, at the end of the day, what we've really tried to focus on is expanding the utility of our shopping centers, almost more of like an 18 hour workday. So you have yet your coffee shop in the morning, then followed by services and fitness through the duration of the day with some apparel, then complemented by restaurants in the evening. So, the longer you can extend the utility of your shopping center the better and that really is only achieved by great tenant mix and merchandising mix. So it's something we always think about.
Conor Flynn: And we also see pretty good demand from the small shop tenants when you look at the velocity of the quarter. We did a huge amount of small shop leasing, obviously we are impacted with some store closures there, but we feel really good about the trajectory of that small shop occupancy as we continue to focus on leasing those up as our anchor boxes are reaching all-time highs that -- when those anchors open for business that usually stimulate some small shop residual leasing as well.
Conor Flynn: I think we really have to monitor the environment. We've been using 100 basis points as a reserve as you mentioned, which historically has been I think appropriate, and we want to continue to be mindful that retail is evolving and changing rapidly. Now the lion's share of our retailers have been able to adapt and are delivering what the consumer is looking for today. But there are some that are struggling a little bit and looking to change and some new leadership hopefully is in place at some of our retailers now that we are going to change that going forward, but again the 100 basis points seems to be appropriate. And we're going to continue to monitor that. But you're right. To-date, we've been running below that, because the occupancy has been higher than we anticipated.
Conor Flynn: Hi, Christy, it's Conor and as Glenn mentioned, we do believe it's a good tool to have for us going forward just like our buyback program. And we continue to think that we're somewhat undervalued when you look at the opportunity set that we have embedded in the portfolio and all the Signature Series development and redevelopment that's coming online. We're going to be looking at it opportunistically to see if we should match fund or use it appropriately to maybe de-lever. But again it's one that we look at constantly to see what's the best use of our capital, how do we invest accretively. You've seen us to be extremely disciplined in terms of capital allocation over the past few years, as we've transformed the portfolio, we've reinvested in our properties and we continue to think we're on the right track and we'll use it appropriately when we see fit.
Conor Flynn: No from a master plan perspective the Dania Pointe project has not changed. We always allocated a certain portion of our entitlements to an office complex, which we always intended to sell. And so that was not something we felt comfortable self developing due to the size and scale of the projects. What we've tried to do is de-risk the project by selling off the office component, which we were very fortunate to have Spirit commit to as a corporate headquarters. And then ground lease the residential components, which for the first tower is topped off, the second tower is in for permit and we're working on design for the third tower. We also ground leased the two hotels components. Those are Marriott AC by Marriott, again derisking it by having someone come in and take on the construction and development risk. The design of the retail has not changed, the Main Street is up and going up right now releasing that as you see in the supplemental and we feel very good about the momentum now at Spirit has announced and we continue to look at the project as a flagship for us long term.
Conor Flynn: Alex so we continue to monitor the situation. Obviously, we're pleased with the path that we're on, and the execution that with the team has been making. We like the opportunity set that we have in front of us in terms of development and redevelopment. Our capital plan, does match funding that this year with dispositions and you continue to see us price those aggressively in the market today. We have the ATM up so that we can use it opportunistically and we plan to do exactly that.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. When I look at the portfolio as a whole, I feel like we're just getting started in terms of our Signature Series redevelopment program. A lot of what we have seen is our assets have a higher and better use and we can entitle that accordingly with our team. And then we have a methodical approach and how to unlock that value. I don't see putting a huge amount of projects in the pipeline all at the same time. I see a more measured approach where we'll take them one by one, do some deep due diligence on the projects, making sure we understand the supply and demand. The lion's share of what we're looking at going forward is more mixed use. There is no doubt about it. There is a lot of mixed use entitlements that we already have and we continue to see that being a significant piece of the puzzle to us going forward. But I don't see us adding a huge amount all at once. I think that $200 million to $250 million of redevelopment investment per year is appropriate that we can take on and continue to create value with.
Conor Flynn: That continues to be in the range of what we're anticipating Steve. I mean, when you look at the projects and how they have performed and how they're moving forward. We continue to see that that is an achievable number. And we're monitoring, obviously the lease up closely. We're monitoring the projections closely. But so far to-date, the momentum has been there in terms of the mixed use as well as the retail absorption.
Conor Flynn: We're going to look at 2020 next quarter and see how it rolls up. I mean we obviously have to look through the budgets and make sure everything is tied together. But again we'll be giving 2020 guidance on the next call.
Conor Flynn: has, come down, I mean, when you look at what we've been able to accomplish, we have been selling assets with some at risk tenancy, we've been reducing our exposure to some tenants that have yet been able to pivot and embrace the omnichannel approach, but we're continuing to be mindful that there are retailers that are winning and there are some that are losing, and we're actively pre-leasing a lot of boxes. If you look at our portfolio, you can see where the acre occupancy is now over 98% leased and we feel like we have a good opportunity now to pre-lease a lot of these spaces that we feel we might have the opportunity to recapture. So it's a good place to be as the anchor occupancy sits at that level, and we continue to think that the demand sources are far outweighing the supply side.
Conor Flynn: Sure. The existing shop rate is coming into the center from down the street and we were able to capture them to come into a more prototypical box for our redevelopment, as part of that we've been able to recapture their existing location. We feel like that's a real nice upside because their rents are significantly below market as I mentioned in my script. So they're going to be a more prototypical box size and they have big expectations for the sales of that box. And so we believe that recapturing their existing location is actually a future upside in terms of another New York metro -- New York Metro asset where we can create value.
Conor Flynn: I'm happy to talk about that. I mean, when we look at our portfolio, we feel like we're on the right track. We've been able to execute our game plan, create value on the asset level through our mixed use redevelopment program and lease up a lot of our remaining vacancies. We feel like we have a long way to go to really be rewarded for some of the other things we have in the hopper. We continue to always look at opportunities in the open market whether at these small portfolios one-off transactions are large portfolios, and we'll always be looking to improve the portfolio and improve the growth profile of the company. But that being said, we feel like we're just starting to get rewarded for all the hard work that we've been putting into the portfolio.
Conor Flynn: It's a nice levered if further delever. I mean there is -- that's the one piece that we still have that's callable. So that's one thing that we've been looking at.
Conor Flynn: We don't report as ancillary income occupancy. So those Spirit Halloween deals are temp deals. We don't actually report them as occupied. So those spaces are short-term deals that we continue to show as vacant. So we don't get any lift at whatsoever from those tenants.
Conor Flynn: It is small. It will be smaller than that. We can give that for you the detail of it, but it's small.
Conor Flynn: As I mentioned before, we're not giving 2020 guidance on this call, it will be next call. But we do feel like we're making significant progress in terms of the portfolio transformation. You saw the results we've just reported. You saw the ability that we've been able to raise guidance on the same-site NOI pool through the year. We feel like the developments and redevelopments are all now starting to deliver what we anticipated. So, we're on the right path. We feel like we've still got a lot of work to do, but we're starting to get rewarded for all that work that we've been putting into the portfolio.
Conor Flynn: We will be focused on growing earnings next year. Yes, that is something that you can take of the bank.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I mean it's like anything else, it's any and all of the above, we view it as a tool that should be in our box, just the way we put it in a buyback program when it made sense. So it's a tool, we should have available to us and we'll use it opportunistically where it makes sense, whether it be to fund development and redevelopments, to further de-lever, we still have $225 million of callable preferred, so we have lots of options to be opportunistic with it.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Again, Christy, we're at a point now where we obviously have raised these same-site NOI guidance consistently through the year as the portfolio has produced stronger results than we originally anticipated. As we look forward, we're going to continue to monitor the retail environment. You can see the transformation of the portfolio has been remarkable. It really has shined in terms of the performance. And we continue to think that we have a very strong portfolio but that retail is still rapidly evolving. So we still believe that 100 basis points is probably consistent with how we are going to be thinking about the year ahead.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Again, it is determined on the retail environment. We feel like our portfolio is well positioned, but we'll have to monitor the situation with the retailers that we're watching.
Glenn Gary Cohen: You also have a benefit. We do expect EBITDA to continue to grow. So although we are watching closely. net debt to EBITDA on a look through basis, we do expect it to continue to come down as EBITDA grows from the developments that are coming online and other things that we have in the hopper that we feel very optimistic about.
Glenn Gary Cohen: No, we haven't received any of those payments yet. No. I mean we'll file for claims as it comes, but nothing, you won't see that number in quite a while.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Well, again, we did $350 million, again we are cognizant, consolidated net debt to EBITDA as well as the look through number. So when you replace debt. And again, we used 30-year paper not short-term debt. 30-year paper to replace the debt, again, you see that the net debt to EBITDA on a consolidated basis did tick up about 0.4 times. So we didn't want to bring that number, so higher to start having any issues. The rating agencies we spent a lot of time with them on the logic of why taking out 6% and 5.58% preferred with a basically a 3.7% 30-year piece of paper made all the sense in the world and they were fine with it is still very supportive of our -- one of our ratings and our outlook, but we don't want to really push the envelope too much with that. And it gives us another opportunity of other ways to take that paper out, maybe even further more opportunistically.
Glenn Gary Cohen: No, I mean they work from a capital standpoint. There's no real capital contribution from our end. And from our perspective, we don't disclose economics of deals, but it's a fair deal relative to what they sell for that 60-day period.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Craig its Glenn. I would guess that we'll end the year probably right around where we are. And then you'll start to see decline as we go through 2020 and into 2021. Again, we as you know, we have no debt maturities. Our funding is really been coming from the dispose for a lot of what we've done and we have a lot of other opportunities that are really in the hopper that we think can help grow EBITDA as we go into 2020-2021. So I think you're looking at kind of the peak level right now. And then it really should start declining as we go through 2021.
