Conor C. Flynn: It's a fair assumption to say that the cap rate will continue to decrease over time. 8.5% is really the last tranche of assets that we're moving out of from the Midwest. And it's a portfolio deal that we are anticipating to close this year. And once that's completed, the assets that we will continue to look to dispose of will be at a lower cap rate.
Conor C. Flynn: We've started to look at our key markets. For all of our ground-up developments going forward we would develop to hold long-term. So these are our key markets where we already have boots on the ground and a portfolio of assets. And we are looking at potential adjacent parcels. We're also looking at areas where there's a lot of growth, whether it's employment or population growth. So Houston is one that we're looking at right now. Fort Lauderdale is another one that we're looking at, as well as Christiana, Delaware. So those are the 3 that I think we're really focused on to see if we could put together development deals for the next stage of the cycle. And we're underwriting to somewhere between a 7.5 to 9.5 yield.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes. No problem, that's a good question. We still have a large cushion between our property leased occupancy and our economic occupancy. There's actually 230 basis points between the 2. So those are deals that are fully baked and are yet to start flowing. And those we anticipate to come online in the second half of the year. We actually budgeted -- each year we do an in-depth asset by asset budget, and we saw that the second half of the year was actually significantly higher in terms of our same-site NOI growth. The other thing to keep in mind is we are coming off a pretty tough comp, up 4.2% in the second quarter of last year.
Conor C. Flynn: The demand is definitely there to continue on that trend. It will probably -- spreads tend to be driven sometimes by one large deal so you need to keep that in mind. But overall, because our portfolio is large, we do believe that our spreads will continue on that trend. The demand from retailers is not subsiding, and we continue to see, really, a good pipeline of new deals, not only on spaces we currently have vacant, but on spaces we plan to recapture. So I think that's a fair assumption.
Conor C. Flynn: We can go in and give you more detail on that and break it out for you. Right now, the way that we look at our redevelopment projects, it's really all-encompassing. So if we have an old Kmart that we need to reposition and demolish, improving the parking lot, improving the site lighting, improving everything at the asset really goes into the redevelopment project. But if it's a smaller scale project where we're taking down only a portion of the asset and expanding it for a junior box, those are ones that really -- the majority of the costs go into the expansion of the box rather than more site improvements. But we can go into more detail there and break it out for you.
Conor C. Flynn: It's a good question. We actually have seen that be a trend, where junior boxes are actually stepping up their rents to be able to make the economics work. We have done it on a number of different sites where we combine small shops and expand out the back of the shopping center. TJ Maxx, Ross are the two that are probably the most active in that space because there's such a lack of new product and lack of supply. So there's definitely that occurring in our portfolio, and we're actually working on a number of those deals going forward as well.
Conor C. Flynn: And on the dispositions and redevelopment question. We will be selling 2 assets out of the Boston portfolio, 3 assets out of the SEB portfolio, and we've already completed 1 of 2 out of the KIF portfolio. And then on the redevelopment question, because we've been managing the SEB and KIF portfolios, we've worked over those assets pretty significantly, and the majority of our redevelopment potential comes from the Boston portfolio. There's a number of out parcels we plan to -- we actually have in the market right now to users as well as some mixed-use components where we have to go through a lengthy entitlement process in Boston, that we are optimistic about, long term, in creating value there.
Conor C. Flynn: It's a good question. I think in 24 months, we should see it get to 90%. We do have a large pipeline of pending deals that will continue on this trend in the upward momentum. We've shifted our focus to the small shop space because we think that's really a large portion of our growth going forward. But we do see still growth involved in the junior anchors and the vacancies we have left there, as well. So we do anticipate that, that will continue. And we see the rebound in local businesses. It's pretty apparent in our key markets that the mom-and-pop has come back in a major way. Hair salons, nail salons, service-based industries, restaurants, family businesses have all come back to our shopping centers. And we anticipate that to continue as the economy strengthens. The housing market seems to continue to improve. And that should coordinate -- that should correlate to more small shop deals.
Conor C. Flynn: I would also just add that it's such a local business, real estate, especially for the local users, that in order to target those operators you've got to have people on the ground combing the portfolio for those types of retailers to come into your shopping center. So in order to have that growth, we've really focused on putting more people into the field at the property level.
Conor C. Flynn: We still have about a year left to go on our dispositions pipeline, you're right. We have close to 200 assets still to move, and we think that that's going to be right around $1 billion worth of assets. From the same-site growth perspective, we think we're exiting out of our lower growth assets as well as our at-risk assets that weigh us down for such a large portfolio. And we're still targeting 3% for -- 3% plus for a continual growth rate for our portfolio.
Conor C. Flynn: Right now, our focus is really on redevelopment. We've built up the pipeline relatively quickly, and we anticipate $130 million or so to deliver this year, $150 million to deliver next year, $190 million to deliver the year after that, and then $230 million to be delivered in 2017, and then continue to ramp it from there. Our ground-up developments will be additive to the pipeline and should give us a little bit more growth on the out years, because these redevelopments are assets that we can deliver in the near term. While the ground-up development when we go through the entitlement process and the pre-leasing process, it should add growth to our portfolio in the out years.
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, they vary widely. Over the past couple of years, as we've been aggressively talking with our partners, some of these deals are tougher negotiations than others. And the portfolios themselves are very different. You're right there was quite a different spread differential between the SEB transaction and the Boston portfolio. In general, we believe there's around a 50 basis points difference, if you take a look at them altogether. And a lot of that savings is not necessarily a difference in just a negotiating grade. It's the fact that there is a true win-win in these situations. There's generally not a third-party broker involved. There's generally much less transfer taxes involved. We're not talking about mortgage assumption fees. We have the right to do these things. These are very quick acquisitions. We don't have to do a lot of due diligence. We know these assets. We've been managing them. So truly is a win-win in many cases here.
David B. Henry: I would just add that the community banking system has recovered fully now and are more aggressive about local lending. Most of these smaller businesses rely on the community banking system. So if you're a jewelry store or a local dry cleaner looking for a second, you really need that community banking system to be healthy. And it is now healthy. And those loans are going up and increasing, so that's healthy.
David B. Henry: And to somebody's earlier question, we do anticipate the cap rates drifting down from that 8.5% level we've been averaging on this next $1 billion, if you will. So it shouldn't be quite as dilutive as we've had in the past.
David B. Henry: What is a great sign for our industry and our company is that rents have moved up enough to justify ground-up development now. So that's a significant milestone in terms of recovering from the recession.
David B. Henry: Let me first of all say that there's not any intent to close any stores. What we're working through with the FTC is whether stores have to be divested. And by that, meaning that we have to find other operators that could continue the stores in operation post-closing. And in a sense to keep it a competitive marketplace. So to close a store and cease the operations would not make it competitive [indiscernible]. So the FTC is going to be looking for us to find other buyers that are qualified by the FTC to run these stores. And at this point, there's no planned store closings due to the merging of the companies.
David B. Henry: I believe it is a recent occurrence, where rents have significantly jumped and particularly these national retailers are beginning to be particularly anxious about meeting the store count that they've promised Wall Street and internally. And I don't think it's related to any particular market. Obviously, there's stronger markets, and some of these primary markets we've talked about before are magnets for retailers that are obviously looking for where there's job growth and good demographics and population growth, is where these retailers want to expand. And I think Conor gave you a good range in terms of Houston, Florida and New Jersey as being the 3 that we're looking at now. But 6 months ago, we weren't looking at ground-up development. And I doubt many of our peers were, either. So it is a significant milestone, in my opinion, that rents have jumped to this level and the economy is doing well enough and, as I mentioned, consumer confidence being at an all-time high compared going all the way back to October of 2007. I mean, that all bodes well, I think.
