David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. It is important to note that we will need to this call focused on Kimco's first quarter earnings results and outlook as a standalone company. With more information forthcoming when the merger of proxy statement is filed with the SEC. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. And it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible. And if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that this call will focus on our first quarter results, and request that you can find your questions and comments to these results, and not the announced merger with Weingarten. To maintain an efficient Q&A session, you may ask a question with an additional follow up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Operator, you may take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Okay, thank you very much. Appreciate everybody for joining our call today. If there's any follow up questions, you can go to our website and the investor relations area for more information. Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
GlennCohen: So just going back a little bit, the cash basis tenants, there was about $7 million collected that related to a prior period from last year. So those came in during the first quarter. So if you added - if you didn't have those that would have an impact on same site of about 320 basis points.
GlennCohen: Well, we have historically paid off any mortgage that we can as soon as we can, as long as there's no real significant prepayment penalties. So we had bought a portfolio of properties, you might recall the Boston portfolio years back, and that portfolio had two large cross collateralized pools, and they're pre payable without penalty in June. So we're going to just pay those off. So with that, we'll prior to the Weingarten transaction, we'll have very little mortgage debt that remains on the balance sheet. We very much focus on just really being a good borrower; it's a much better way for us to operate. It's much more efficient than having mortgage debt on individual assets.
GlennCohen: No, there's still more owed from them, as I mentioned, we collected about 84% of the deferred billings that we sent out. But there's still more that is still due from those tenants, they are not fully current yet. And then same thing, if you look in the first quarter. Again, as we mentioned, 70% of the cash basis tenants have paid. So there's still, when you look at those - that total, that's about $8 million that's not been collected yet. So we'll have to see how that plays out through the rest of the year and each quarter as we go forward.
GlennCohen: So we go through a pretty in-depth process. I mean there are certain parameters that we've kind of worked out, we want to see that those tenants are current for a certain period of time, and that they have no outstanding balances that are 30 days old or so we evaluated on a constant basis, but it'll take some time for some of them to move back into accrual basis. Even some of the tenants that emerge from bankruptcy, they still remain on cash basis until they get really get their footing back.
GlennCohen: Yes, look, I would say that it's still early in the year; we do expect that the second half of the year that credit loss will be much better than the first half. In the guidance, there is still elevated credit loss for the second quarter. But I will tell you that the revised guidance that we were more biased towards the upper end of the rent right now, based on what's happened, so we are feeling good, and we will take a quarter by quarter. There are no more questions so far.
ConorFlynn: Hey, Rich, it's Conor. We definitely think that that's an achievable goal in the near term. But again, this is a long-term goal. So the way we look at it is there's obviously going to be an uptick in terms of same site NOI through this pandemic fueled recovery. And then as you noticed, we did put 2.5% plus. So our goal is to beat that metric. We clearly see a lot of levers for growth, as we outlined in the call in the remarks. And our job is to beat that number. And obviously, we think we were in a good spot to do that in the near term.
ConorFlynn: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is it's great to have a diversity of demand that's not sort of pigeon holed one square footage category. So grocers right now spread, from the bigger boxes, to the junior boxes, to even the mid-sized boxes of like 10,000 to 12,000 square feet with Trader Joe's and others. So it's really remarkable to have a growth driver that spans all the major categories in terms of square footage needs, which is really I think, again, why we're so confident that we can continue to drive that driver for us.
ConorFlynn: The only thing I would add to that is, clearly some of the tenants that reorganized have not necessarily gotten their footing underneath them quite yet. They are still maybe in those categories that have capacity constraints. So we're watching that closely, as they obviously have done a debt for equity swap, but there are still some opportunities I think there for us to upgrade tenancy in the long term and we're watching those tenants closely.
ConorFlynn: We agree, we agree by the way, the only thing I would add is I think we're going to coordinate with ICSC and others to it's, I think the voices louder when we can combine all of our efforts. And so I think there are a lot of public and private landlords that can come together. And we can help facilitate that to really make that point because I agree with you, Alex. The other piece of it I was just going to mention is ESG clearly is a benefit to our entitlement program. Because Kimco has been so focused on this for decades, when we come into a community and showcase that we're in for the long term, and that we want to work alongside the community to make sure that the asset or the downtown that we're providing evolves alongside the community, we can showcase our ESG initiatives and all the accomplishments that we've been making to give ourselves the opportunity to partner with those folks. And it really does help when we look to try and focus on entitlements and how to unlock the highest and best use for real estate.
ConorFlynn: I think the biggest hold back is the capacity, right? I mean, despite there have been some great success stories in parts of the country where capacity levels have increased substantially. There are other parts of the country that are still a little bit behind. And they're just trying to manage through the spikes of Coronavirus at a local level. So we envision as those capacity constraints continue to get lifted more broadly across the rest of the country that will clearly be a big boost and a tailwind for those other service categories that are - that have been hindered by that. And the summer should show quite well for that hopefully. There's also been with those operators of fitness, there are a number of operators that haven't reopened or won't plan to reopen. So when you think of the supply levels coming down a little bit, we do anticipate the demand side to build people wanting to get out of their at-home gym or the garage, wherever they've been working out for the year and wanting to get back into some sort of facility where there is some social engagement and community. So that should help as well.
ConorFlynn: Craig, the only one that I can think of that's probably tied a little bit too, going back to work is the dry cleaners, they obviously got hit very hard as people are, we're working from home, and they might be beneficiaries of going back to work in the summer when offices reopen.
ConorFlynn: We continue to work on a percentage - percent increase basis versus a fixed dollar amount increased. So typically with those percent increases in base rent that tends to trend while with inflation.
ConorFlynn: Yes, that's a great question. So we've been messaging previously that, we anticipate Q2 most likely to be the trough of occupancy for '21. we continue to make great progress and headway with our lease philosophy, obviously, in Q1 and we started to see a net benefit of gaining back some of the dip towards the end of Q1, which was encouraging, we do have Dania that's going to be placed into service and occupancy in Q2, so that is going to have a bit of an impact. But on the flip side, it also will start to expand our leased economic occupancy. So it will help continue to fuel cash flow growth, through the back half of '21 and into '22. So we're continuing to be encouraged by the momentum that we're seeing on the lease side, and hope to see it start to level out shortly.
ConorFlynn: The NOI you'll see the start ramp up towards the second half of 2021. And for the Boulevard, it should stabilize towards the end of '22. Dania, I would say you also probably towards the end of '22. You'll have stabilization of phases two and three.
ConorFlynn: Sure, yes. So we did 121 new lease deals. So that's five, just roughly about 570,000 square feet of GLA. So that's all the net new add on the leasing side. And when you think of, the type of credit or tenants, it's the offer guys are obviously very aggressive. We did sign a few grocery deals as well. Byblos been very active Ulta, small shops side, restaurant operators are actually starting to come back, franchisees, for example, seeing the opportunity of restaurants that are closed through the pandemic, these are fully fixed rate units ready to go with a bit of capital and a bit of love to get them back open, you can do it relatively quickly. So what we're seeing is a lot of people anticipating the reopening trade, the stimulus funding, flowing through the economy and wanting to be prepared in a position to take advantage of that. And that's where we're seeing a lot of the great demand through our leasing.
ConorFlynn: There's always some movement, it depends on - it's situational. A lot of times in nature, the prototype of retail tenants does change, some are expanding their footprint, and others are contracting their footprint. And so if there's another opportunity within the center to create a better mousetrap for them, and then subsequently, you have an opportunity to backfill that space at a higher rents and net-net, there's a net positive to the cash flows for the center, you'll always want to consider that. Because you want to make sure that that merchandising mix is fresh and relevant to the market. But I wouldn't say that any anything that's new or different than what's normal course of business.
ConorFlynn: Sure, yes, no. The demand is really starting to build back as we're looking through '21 here, we did have Urban Air that did open in March and they exceeded their plan on the opening, which was excellent. And we do have the hotel operators, the two Marriott flags that we'll be opening summer of this year. And then we're continuing to see active construction on a handful of new tenants as well. Regal starting to open this fall and take advantage of the blockbusters that are scheduled to be distributed into theaters for the holiday season this year. And we anticipate that to be a big draw. And then on the new lease activity, it's really started to ramp so that's encouraging. We did sign American Eagle Outfitters to take one of the other anchor spaces along Main Street. And that will be a great compliment and add to what Urban and Ulta are currently doing.
ConorFlynn: Sure. Yes. So I'm so sorry that the lease termination agreements, the LTA, yes portion of those were related to the tenants that wanted to vacate early and so we're able to structure arrangements are opportunistic to free them of their liabilities while getting the net benefit from LTA. And we had the opportunity to backfill with other grocers for those spaces. So again, when you look at the net add, it made a whole lot of sense to proceed with those deal structures to take advantage of it. They are one-time events, which is why we want to make sure to call them out. And those do happen periodically, throughout the course of our business, we just happen to be that we had, a few opportunities that hit all at once in Q1. But when you look at those, it's always about, what is the opportunity to backfill? How does that complement what you're already trying to do with the strategy of the site, and you want to be opportunistic at those times to take advantage of it? And in terms of regional, it's not really regional in nature, it's situational. Just depending on the center, it could vary region to region, quarter-over-quarter if they do exist.
ConorFlynn: Floris, this is Nikki, I'd also remind you that, as you pointed out, the LTAs are purely transactional. And so by no means would this first quarter be reflective of a road rage just as you saw that the prior period was much less.
ConorFlynn: Yes, Floris. The only thing I would add is that first the lack of supply. So it's been decades since we've seen any uptick in new supply is really benefiting us when we're focused on these last mile location. We're focused on these last mile locations, like the density that surrounds our assets, really inhibits a lot of new supply coming online. And we're seriously experiencing that, as the demand has been robust.
ConorFlynn: Sure, I can start and Dave and others can add some color. It's, it starts obviously with our grocery initiative, we really do believe that creates a halo effect on the surrounding retail because of the cross shopping that it generates. And then you go from there, and you start to continue to pick out the best-in-class of each category to make sure that you have an exciting merchandising mix. Clearly, we've benefited from curbside pickup through the pandemic. But now our mission is to make sure that the merchandising mix is so alluring that regardless of why you came to that shopping center in the first place, your eye catches something that makes you want to come back. And so whether it's a coffee or a bagel in the morning, you're always looking to drive traffic throughout the entire day. And so our mission is to really create a vibrant community center that drives traffic, for multiple different demand drivers. And so when you look at the demand of the different categories that are expanding right now, it's a really nice spot to be because it's very diverse. And we can really pick and choose and understand voids and trade areas that we can then backfill some of our vacancies with.
ConorFlynn: It really is a combination. So I think it's very clear that there is a lot of net new demand for some of our best-in-class retailers across our major categories that are looking to take the windfall from clearly the pandemic induced shopping that they've experienced and expand there. But there is also Linda continued, that the playbook from retailers typically in downturns is again try and take advantage of the increased vacancy look to upgrade their fleet and look to get into the best centers possible. And so, we do constant portfolio reviews, with our retail to make sure that if there is a relocation opportunity that the Kimco center is the best-in-class opportunity for them in that corridor, so to look at that as well. But I would say the lion's share is coming from net new stores, which really is exciting because it's a nice spot to be having limited supply and a lot of different demand drivers.
ConorFlynn: So it wasn't Linda to terminate, sorry. Right, it was Lucky that had terminated and placement; the replacement tenant will be scrapped. And I think it's kind of mentioned that was a Dania. We had two other lease terminations, they were actually with, one was - actually two with [Indiscernible]. And then bank had that as well, but we don't really anticipate a whole lot more for the rest of the year. Maybe another $1 million to $2 million for the balance of the year.
DavidJamieson: Yes, hey, this is Dave Jamieson. Right now we're seeing now obviously very strong demand. And we anticipate that this some level of demand will sustain longer term, I think what you're seeing is people starting to adapt and innovate to what the consumer needs and proximity to the end customer is critical. So that last mile distribution element, we don't really see changing in the future, yes, there will be a reversion of some sort of new normal where people will start to go back to restaurants and some of those dollars spent will be diverted to that category. But when you listen to some of the grocers, public companies that are making observing how their customers reacting and responding as a new normal start to take hold, they are still seeing it that net gain to market share and shopping at home. And I think people have adapted to not only going in store but obviously utilization of omni channel vehicles for accessing those groceries. So when you throw that all together, we still see the demand drivers being very strong and based on where we're located in those, first ring suburbs where there's been a lot of net migration out, through the pandemic, starting to take hold, we still see the demand being strong in the future.
DavidJamieson: Yes, this is Dave. In terms of a watch list, it did obviously the categories are most greatly affected through the pandemic, the theaters, the fitness et cetera. We continue to watch and they stay there, there hasn't been much changed beyond that. Obviously, Q1 was always a muted bankruptcy season historically, that's usually where it's a bit elevated. And when you look at those that went into bankruptcy in 2020, a lot of those reemerged with better balance sheets. They're able to recapitalize come out, trim their portfolios and start to take advantage of some of this reopening trade. Now we'll continue to closely watch and monitor the health of all of our tenants really looking, two years out, as we start to get to a new normal and stabilize. And this surplus cash as some did receive throughout the pandemic; it's more a matter of where they made those investments. And the operators that really started to innovate through this and stay ahead of the curve, what the expectations are for consumers. That's what we're really going to start to watch very closely. And you'll start to see, sort of who the winners and losers are downstream, more so than they are today.
DavidJamieson: Yes, so it's a great question. And an idea to take into consideration all the different constituents that go into making up the shopping center, it's obviously the end shopper, the customer, the retailers and ourselves as landlord. For us, as a landlord, we've always looked at ourselves as the conduit to bring all these retailers to the customer and vice versa, and try to find ways in which we can service everyone, collectively. So when you think of curbside, what we did in 2020, the intent there was to build a program and infrastructure that was agnostic to the retail so that everyone can take advantage of it to avoid having, a separate approach for each individual retailer that we saw as being very successful. That said every retailer has their own defined strategy and what they're trying to solve for their own unique problems. And they do become challenges when you try to consolidate them all into one central vision. And that's our job is to continue working with each of these retail partners to find the best way forward. And as we look to continue to innovate within our common areas, and the way we work with our retailers, our goal is to try to find those uniform strategies that do work for all or at least offer that 80%. And then with the customer, obviously, the closest we are to the home, as you mentioned, it does provide that opportunity for them to return or to revisit and to cut down the travel time and the shipping costs. Obviously, we see that as a clear advantage for retailers with buy online pick up in store, more and more retailers are taking advantage of that today. But this is going to be an evolving process. I think the pandemic did accelerate some of those trends i.e. with curbside that helped pull it forward a couple years, something that we've been talking about for a while. But it's our job to continue to stay on top of that and to innovate where we can to provide those two services.
DavidJamieson: Sure, no, all the industry sectors are reopening at some capacity. It's an even with some of the big flags they're focused on trying to get as many stores open as possible or fitness or theater locations. AMC is effectively all open, where there are constraints, it's either on a one-off basis, individual basis where, some locales and municipalities are inhibiting that or rolling back restrictions again. Or it's kind of on a one-off basis. But generally speaking, I think the reopening trade is starting to accelerate, as the vaccine distribution does pick up. So from an industry standpoint, we are seeing reopenings, across the board.
DavidJamieson: Yes, Floris, just to give a little more color on that we did have a Lucky's grocery store, which was a ground base, backed by Kroger credit. Kroger decided not to move forward with the Lucky's banner. And so what we did have was a lease termination agreement with Kroger to determinate the ground lease with us, which was in that number. And we were able to backfill that space with the sprouts grocery store that Dania, actually, so it was a net win for us there.
DavidJamieson: Sure, as you mentioned, leasing costs were relatively stable, we do that in terms of the scope and the demand and the requirements of the tenants that really hasn't changed. So it's more about material pricing that could have an impact on cost on a go forward basis in the interim, obviously, with there are, we're still working through some supply constraints in distribution as a result of the pandemic. So you have seen some increase in pricing for material costs, whether it be lumber, HVAC, et cetera. That could be short term in nature, as the distribution channels start to release some of those bottlenecks that have occurred through the pandemic. And so we just have to monitor those closely, that could have some moderate impact in the near term, but we anticipate, again, that's a short period of time, and then hopefully would subside again. But in terms of deal costs, in general, we haven't seen much change in terms of the demand and the requirements from the retailer side. So if you net out any potential increase in the short term, you'd assume it to carry on as is, it's also dependent on the type of deals you do per quarter. If you're doing split box by creation opportunities, we had a couple of those this quarter that had elevated costs, while others are just a simple backfill, or if you're going non grocery to grocery, obviously, a big focus is on grocery right now. So you could see some deal costs that are a little bit higher. But it's because of that grocery conversion, but subsequently, on top of that, you're either seeing you're obviously seeing an increase in rent in some of those cases, but in addition, you're getting longer term. So on a net effective basis, net-net; it's worked out pretty well.
DavidJamieson: No, I mean, what we've seen, so it's all dependent on quality, right, you have to start without the quality of the real estate, and that will drive demand, different than what we saw in the Great Recession where there's prolonged recovery cycle, the impact of the pandemic was so extraordinary and so extreme so fast, recovery has been almost just as quick so it's been more of this V shaped so you haven't really seen an adjustment or reset on market rents. What we're seeing, especially on the anchor side is that there's a short window of opportunity for retailers to upgrade the quality of their portfolio. And so they want to take advantage of that and step in. But it's typically if you have at least more than one person there at the table looking to negotiate a space that helps level set, the supply demand side. And that's what we're seeing. We're seeing a lot of people wanting to upgrade, get closer to the customer, and expand their last mile distribution efforts. Take all the lessons learned from the pandemic and really capitalize on it, because the anticipation is that, those opportunities won't exist for very long.
RossCooper: Sure, happy to respond to that, we are seeing robust demand across the country. I mean, there's no doubt that there's significant demand in the Sunbelt, other parts of the country that have been open, more so than others throughout this pandemic. But when you look at the essential base retailers throughout the country, they have been operating and doing well throughout. So we are still seeing a significant amount of demand in the northeast, whether it be the New York suburbs, Boston, Philadelphia, et cetera. And when you think about the migration and demographics, obviously, there are a lot of headlines about the Sunbelt in Florida and the Carolinas and Texas. So you're also seeing it here in the New York metro area, where we're based, is that a lot of people that are leaving the cities here are moving to the suburbs in Long Island, Westchester, Connecticut, et cetera. So there is an uptick still happening in those suburbs. And we think that there's something to take advantage of there. And investors are certainly doing that. As it relates to future dispositions for us, we'll continue to look at our portfolio, we think that we're in great shape; we do have some non-income producing land parcels that you'll continue to see us chip away at. But again, when we think about the lift that we've done over the last five to seven years, and where the portfolio stands today, we feel very good about those markets, those opportunities that we have, and the go forward portfolio that we will be operating.
RossCooper: Yes, I mean, it continued to be extremely aggressive. And frankly, compared to pre COVID in many cases, the cap rates are even lower and more aggressive. We've seen lots of different examples in the low fives in some cases, sub 5%. And a lot of that just has to do with some of the other dynamics of the demographics, obviously, which tenant is the anchor grocer there, what the lease looks like, where the rents are compared to market and frankly, how much term is left where you can actually look at recasting that lease and pushing rents a little bit. But as you've seen from the collections, there's a lot of conviction in the rent roll outside of just the grocer, the small shops and some of the other ancillary tenants are coming back in a big way. So when you see the stability in the rent rolls, you see the stability in the cash flow, and still a very healthy spread from interest rates to cap rate, there's more and more conviction in our space today than what we've seen in a very long time.
RossCooper: Yes, and it's not just your typical investors that we've seen in years past, we're seeing a lot of buyers and bidders today that have historically been buying in other asset classes, that they're just sick of getting priced out or getting the cap rates compressed so low that there's not enough spread, and they see the risk adjusted return in our space.
FlorisDijkum: Thanks for taking my question, guys. If you could, I'm interested in obviously, you can't talk about the Weingarten thing. So I'm going to ask you some questions on the leasing. I noticed you had $5.3 million of lease term, which is $5 million, approximately $5 million more than it was last year. Maybe if you can give some color on that, what that represents and then maybe also talk about some of the regional differences perhaps.
FlorisDijkum: Yes, so you recognize $5.3 million of lease term fee this past quarter. Last year I think it was $400,000. So you had basically a $5 million increase in lease, if you give some more color on that, what that represents or is that obviously, presumably, it's not - that's not a sustainable number, but just to get, what drove that large increase and then maybe talk about some of the other regional differences in that lease term fee that you saw.
FlorisDijkum: Thanks guys. I guess my follow up question here is in regards to leasing costs and leasing costs appear to be pretty stable. Maybe if you can comment on what you're seeing, and what you expect is going to happen to leasing costs going forward, as leasing demand potentially builds, are those going to trend up, down in your view, and maybe if you can give us some more color on that, that'd be great.
FlorisDijkum: So in summary, I guess one of the fears that investors had is during the downturn, heightened vacancies, less pricing power tenants have greater demands, or have greater ability to drive favorable lease terms and higher leasing packages that's not actually occurring based on what you're seeing right now.
GregMcGinniss: Hey, good morning. Glenn, so the $7 million have repaid rent that's billable amounts from the cash basis tenants. Are those tenants now fully current on rent, or is there more owed from those tenants? So obviously, I'm just trying to get a sense for additional one time or nonrecurring benefits that we may see this year.
GregMcGinniss: Okay, I was more specifically talking about tenants that did pay back some of the rent, right, obviously, I understand that some still aren't paying the full amount. I'm just curious if of that $7 million for those tenants that did pay back rent, those tenants are fully turned or not.
GregMcGinniss: Okay. Great. And then from an accounting standpoint, when might tenants start moving back to accrual accounting.
