David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco’s CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the course of this call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of the call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: Ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call, to make it more efficient, we ask that you may ask a question with one additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Natalia, you could take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I am available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. 2018 is off to a strong start as evidenced by the level of leasing activity, same-site NOI growth and the execution of our disposition plan. In addition, solid progress has been made on our development and redevelopment projects which will further fuel our growth in 2019 and beyond.  Now for some color on the first quarter results. NAREIT FFO was $0.3 per diluted share for the first quarter 2018 as compared to $0.37 per diluted share for the first quarter last year. The current quarter includes $7 million of transactional income comprised primarily of $4.2 million forgiveness of debt, $4.7 million of profit participations from the disposition of certain preferred equity investments, as well as $1.5 million of unrealized losses related to our marketable security portfolio.  The latter charge results from the adoption of new FASB guidance on financial instruments for acquiring unrealized gains and losses from marketable securities to be included in the income statement instead of the equity section of the balance sheet.  Also during the first quarter, we reclassified personnel cost directly related to property management and property operations from G&A to the operating and maintenance account in the income statement. We believe this change provide a better comparability to our peers and old periods have been adjusted to reflect the change which had no impact on reported net income, FFO, or FFO as adjusted.  In terms of FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes non-operating impairments and transactional income and expense, first quarter 2018 came in at $157.8 million, compared to $155.8 million last year with $0.37 per diluted share in each quarter.  2018 first quarter results include increased consolidated NOI contribution of $6.6 million resulting from higher minimum rent and recovery rates attributable to greater occupancy from a year ago. Offsetting this increase was higher financing cost primarily attributable to the larger level of preferred stock outstanding as compared to a year ago.  As Conor mentioned earlier, the operating portfolio delivered solid occupancy growth, positive leasing spreads, and same-site NOI growth. Same-site NOI growth excluding redevelopments was 2.6% for the first quarter 2018 compared to a comp of 2.1% last year. This was substantially driven by minimum rent increases contributing 240 basis points, improved – tax recoveries adding 60 basis points and offset by lower percentage rent of 30 basis points and higher credit loss of 10 basis points.  Our first quarter same-site results well outperformed the 1.25% level we initially guided to. This is attributable to several positive factors including a lower level of vacates than budgeted, no leases rejected from the Toys "R" Us bankruptcy during the first quarter, and the timing related to certain dispositions.  As a result, we are raising the low end of our full year same-site NOI guidance range from 1.25% to 2% to 1.5% to 2%. On the balance sheet front, we paid off $173 million of non-recourse mortgage debt during the quarter ending the period with liquidity in excess of $2.4 billion. We had minimal debt maturities through 2020 and our weighted average debt maturity profile stands at 10.7 years one of the longest in the REIT industry.  During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares at an average price of $15.17 totaling $24.3 million under the company’s common share repurchase program. And as previously announced, the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in January 2018 on our Series M 5.25% preferred originally issued in December 2017 providing us additional proceeds of $33.4 million.  Consolidated net debt-to-recurring EBITDA improved to 5.7 times from the 5.9 times level at year end and six times a year ago. On a look through basis including our pro rata share of JVs and preferred stock outstanding, net debt-to-recurring EBITDA was 7.2 times. Our objectives are to reduce consolidated net debt-to-recurring EBITDA to 5.5 times and on a look through basis to 6.5 times by 2020.  A key driver to this will be the EBITDA contribution expected to come from our signature series development projects, which are at varying stages of completion with $465 million invested to-date. We are extremely pleased with the construction and leasing progress made during the first quarter. Grand Parkway Phase II, Dania Phase I, Lincoln Square and Mill Station remain on track to begin cash flowing in the latter part of 2018 and be significant contributors to 2019 growth.  Regarding guidance, we are reaffirming our NAREIT FFO per share and FFO as adjusted per share guidance range of $1.42 to $1.46. The key to our success is continued execution. We remain confident we will deliver and with that we’d be happy to answer your questions. 
Glenn Cohen: Sure, it’s Glenn. Hi, Jeremy. In terms of where our bad debt reserves are, we’d remain comfortable that our 100 basis points of credit loss that we have budgeted for in our guidance is enough to support 2018 as it relates to Toys "R" Us. Again, keep in mind where we are. They have paid rents in full for all sites through April so far.  There are four sites I believe that have been rejected and those stores are closed. And we haven’t gotten rejection notices on the balance of them. Now we’ve budgeted that many of them will close in the second half of the year, but we can remain very comfortable where we are that our guidance incorporates that closure. 
Glenn Cohen: No, not necessarily. I mean, I think what lease spreads is, I think we’ve communicated in the past as well, it is lumpy. It’s about the population that under renewal or seems time in any given quarter. So you always have to keep that into consideration, but when you look at the historic trend and where we see going forward, we are pretty much right on track as that gets customary practice from what we’ve seen of our peers to utilize the four quarters or 12 months. 
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Rich. It’s Glenn. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we reclassified personnel cost, specifically related to property management and operations from G&A into the O&M line. And if you look at the change in the guidance, the G&A guidance, it’s about $32 million less from where we first put it out after we do this reclass.  So, G&A is a little bit lower, but the bulk of it really is a reclass from G&A to O&M, about $8 million and you will see that consistently. Also, as I mentioned, all of the periods previously have booked and adjusted. So you can have an apples-to-apples mix.
Glenn Cohen: It really doesn’t impact us. I mean, the models that we are using internally had not modeled anything in for Albertsons. So, if and when, and we hope it’s when, it happens, that’s just going to be upside for us and provide us enormous amounts of optionality in terms of where our cost of capital is at that point to figure out the best way to deploy the capital that is earning zero today. 
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, it’s early – and it’s really early in the year. We just put out our guidance in February. We want to again still see how Toys "R" Us plays out and we think, we better up leaving our guidance where it is for another quarter and then we’ll see where we are at the end of the second quarter. 
Glenn Cohen: Well, I think that the action to dividend coverage continues to improve through 2019 and through 2020 as EBITDA comes on – more and more EBITDA does come online. Now, again, although we haven’t baked in any Albertsons transaction, to the extent that there is a monetization, those are further proceeds that would go towards some level of debt reduction or depending on where cost of capital is investment in assets that yield as well, which will either lower debt, and increase EBITDA. So, I think you are going to see our AFFO payout ratio continue to improve once these projects will start coming online. 
Glenn Cohen: Well, we remain very comfortable that now that the dividend is clearly sustainable. And everyone does AFFO a little bit differently. And when you look at the CapEx a lot of this CapEx that we are investing in, good portion of it is revenue generating. So, it takes time for us to finish it up and get it flowing. But we remain very comfortable that coverage is there, certainly from an FFO standpoint, it’s clearly there.  And, look at our liquidity position. We have really no debt maturing. And we are pretty optimistic about on projects that are – when you – if you go and visit these projects, whether it be at Pentagon, Lincoln, Dania, all of these projects they are getting close to completion and will start flowing.  It’s clear to us they will start flowing in the latter part of 2018 and into 2019 and that’s just going to further improve our coverage, because as we continue to execute on the dispositions, that is our funding mechanism through the development and redevelopment cost that we have. So we are not putting more pressure on the dividends. 
Glenn Cohen: The one building block that is obviously changed significantly is the net acquisitions. We have obviously been a net seller this year and we’ll continue to be a net seller this year. And because of where our cost of capital sits today, we think that the right capital allocation strategy is to sell lower growing assets and reinvested in our redevelopments and developments that are going to continue to improve the portfolio quality and improve the growth of the portfolio. And so that’s the one piece of that that’s changed and obviously the wins against retail REITs have moved against that. 
Glenn Cohen: I think it’s the compelling yields. While interest rates have ticked up modestly over the last few months, the spread between the cap rate and the debt that can be achieved is still extremely wide. So, it’s a compelling return.  The 7.5 to 8 cap that we are selling at are cap rates that have gotten to a point where groups that couldn’t buy high quality assets at that pricing are now excited about coming back into the marketplace. So we’ve executed on transactions with groups that we’ve sold to in 2014 and 2015 that were pretty quiet over the last couple of years until now. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it’s a handful of those assets that were previously on the market have shifted into the accepted or under contract and then a few assets including the one that we just mentioned that closed yesterday has now moved into the closed transaction. So, as we made progress the numbers have shifted around a bit. 
Conor Flynn: Well, you are right. We do think it’s in a compelling option for us where we sit today. We are getting further along with our dispositions and that’s really what we have earmarked to match fund our redevelopments and developments. We’ve seen nice, as Ross covered in his remarks, we have seen nice execution there and continue to see more sales closing weekly.  So, as we look forward, we get more comfortable with the 5.25 that we’ve earmarked for our redevelopment and development this year. And then look at our cost of capital, look at where our shares are trading, and continue to think that buying back of the shares is a compelling option for us. 
Conor Flynn: Well, I think that we are constantly evaluating our portfolio. We – as Conor mentioned, the 5.25 is first and foremost the priority in terms of spend – for the redevelopments and developments. We do want to continue to delever where we can notwithstanding the fact that there is not a whole lot as that matures in the near-term.  But we are going to continue to execute on the plan. We have a lot in the market today. Not everything will close. We have other deals that are awaiting some lease up or options to be exercised before they’ll be introduced to the market.  So, we do expect there will be some new assets that are now in the market currently that will be brought to the market in the latter part of the year, some of which may trickle over to the beginning of next year. But we are very focused on completing our dispositions for this year and then determining where we sit as to the latter part of this year as we look into 2019. 
Conor Flynn: So, at least, in terms of the current projection, again, we raised the lower end of our guidance from 1.25% to 1.5% with a full range of 1.5% to 2%. We still remain comfortable at the high-end of that range even with the impact of Toys "R" Us. Again, it’s going to be impacted on the latter part of the year and if you look at really even the first quarter, the key driver which is very encouraging for all of us, the key driver was minimum rent increases.  I mean, the bulk of the increase, 240 basis points is coming from minimum rents coming online. A lot of the lease ups and the leasing we’ve done over the last year is now starting to flow, right. Cash – same-site NOI, cash base for us the way we are doing it. So you are getting starting to get all the flows from many of these TSA boxes and other boxes that we are baking that are coming on.  Now we still have an economic occupancy versus leap occupancy gap of 260 basis points. It’s narrowed only 10 basis points. As the Toys boxes start to vacate, that gap could widen again, but there is a lot of opportunity for that gap to narrow over time. So, again, we remain very comfortable with where we are with 2018. The impact on 2019, it’s a little early to tell you.  We really need a little bit more time to see what’s really going to happen with all of these Toys boxes. Again, we don’t have rejection notices on the rest of them yet. Some of our boxes were in the – which also filed for bankruptcy recently. But they are trying to sell a lot of those leases. So, I mean it’s possible some of these leases get bought by someone else and new tenant just continues on with no gap. So, it’s too early to really tell how much is going to happen in 2019, we’ll get there. 
Conor Flynn: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we are comfortable towards the upper-end of our guidance range. We remain there. We want to play it out a little bit. Again, it’s very hard to really forecast the total impact on 2018 for Toys "R" Us, because we just don’t know how many we are going to get back. So, midpoint of the guidance overall, we’d get 1.75. But as I mentioned, we still remain comfortable with the higher-end of our current guidance range. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, we’ll continue to see a majority of the dispositions coming from the Midwest. We’ll continue to prune assets out of other regions throughout the country. But we are very much focused on reducing the exposure in the central part of the country and ensuring that the coast become a more prevalent part of the portfolio.  So, we actually have an asset that’s set to close tomorrow, a power center in Chicago. I mentioned that the deal closed yesterday in Missouri. So, we do continue to make progress on exiting the central region over the course of the year. 
Conor Flynn: Sure. So, we’ve been on a program over the last year-and-a-half to convert more tenants to this camp versus just waiting on pro rata. And I think that’s actually starting to take hold and has some positive impact on the recoveries. 
Conor Flynn: It’s probably more weighted towards the first half of the year. Again, as you think about what happened during the first quarter, right, so the amount of landscaping that you are doing, the amount of roofing, the amount of patching and parking lots that you are doing, those are more items that are happening in the second, third, and fourth quarters when the weather is a little bit better.  So, we do benefit a little bit in the beginning part of the year from that fixed term analysis. But, I think overall, we still feel that our recoveries will be stronger than they have been in the past. And we have higher occupancy. Don’t – we also have higher occupancy. So the revolving rate is higher from having occupancy up 80 basis points. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, I think that when you look at our watch list tenants, I mean, the categories really haven’t changed at all that much. And when you look at some of the retailers that have run into a bit of trouble, it’s really sometimes debt-related, because they are overleveraged and they are running into that. So, when we look at our sector, we continue to think that one of the biggest benefits of owning Kimco’s shares is the wide diversity we have from a tenant base.  And we continue to see the benefits of that as Sports Authority and Toys are really, yes, we are getting boxes back, but it gives us an ability to mark-to-market those boxes. The mark-to-market opportunity within our portfolio is significant and just on the anchor boxes alone we are 66% below market and when we say that over 98% occupied in our anchor boxes, those are opportunities we love to get back and we are really seeing the benefit of this transformation of the portfolio that we’ve been doing over a number of years.  And so, this is the first time we’ve actually seen occupancy uptick in the first quarter in ten plus years. So, all the hard work that we’ve been doing is starting to pay off and so, we do see that there is going to be opportunity to continue to have mark-to-market opportunities within the portfolio in the future. 
Conor Flynn: We are going to have to get back to you on the break out of that 260 point spread. The majority of it – I would say is, probably anchor base, but the split, I’ll have to get details for you.
Conor Flynn: It is key to the Lucky’s grocery store that we have added to the line-up there. We are excited to have a grocery anchor now to really benefit and round out the last anchor box in that asset. We’ve also added a pro rata share of offsite improvements for the site into the cost and are actually returns have gone up since we’ve added Lucky’s to the pro forma. So, we are enthused about having them to be the last anchor box. 
Conor Flynn: Hi, this is ready. The next step for the merger is for the S-4 which was filed about two weeks ago and the 30 day comment period by the SEC. Once that is completed and the financials are updated, because Rite Aid and Albertsons reported new earnings and they filed it, they will file that with a proxy, probably early to mid-June with a vote we expect in July. We have no reason to think that is not on schedule at this point. 
Conor Flynn: It might also be tied to some of the retailer commentary that came out recently. If you go back and look what CEOs said about the thriving Old Navy brand and how many new stores they plan to open without banner because of the traffic and the sales that are generating there.  Kohl’s CEO came out recently and said how important open-air shopping centers are to their brand and why they think they are positioning in open-air shopping centers because of the traffic. TJX and others have come out and said, they want to be very aggressive on store opening plans, because they see the traffic generating in shopping centers. So I think the commentary it may have something to do with that, they see the value of open-air shopping centers and really the investment opportunity that sits there.
Conor Flynn: Yes, there are certainly a few assets that are on our disposition pipeline with Toys or Babies. Those as I mentioned earlier are a few of the examples where we are working on leasing to backfill that, that may push an asset that was originally slated or thought to be put in the market early in the year to the latter part of the year.  So we are being very prudent about backfilling those making sure that we provide activity at a minimum letters of intent or leases for those spaces, so that we make sure that we are able to obtain value before we go and sell those assets. So, it may delay us slightly, but based upon the activity level that we have in those boxes, it shouldn’t deter us from selling assets into the latter part of the year. 
Conor Flynn: We have no current plans to acquire assets throughout the course of this year and we are not currently working on any acquisitions. Nothing in the pipeline. So, the plan is to continue to sell and make sure that we fund all of our obligations and needs for this year on the redevelopment and developments, and delever.  So, with where cap rates are for the types of high quality assets that we would look to acquire, if our cost of capital were different, it doesn’t make sense for us at this current time. So, we’ll continue to be disciplined and execute on the dispose and see where we sit going into 2019. 
Conor Flynn: Well, Pentagon is a mixed use project, where we are adding in a residential tower above of the existing retail site. We think it’s going to significantly drop the cap rate on that asset. We have been extremely pleased with really the market rents in that surrounding area of the projects that are recently delivered. So, we are cautiously optimistic as Pentagon comes online in 2019 that we are really well positioned to have that via a signature asset for the company going forward.  On Dania, we really think that now with adding Lucky’s grocery. We’ve really rounded out the perfect mix of what we think the future of retail real estate really looks like. It’s a blend of grocery and specialty grocer, especially to drive more traffic.  Then you’ve got fitness, health and wellness. You’ve got really the off-price user who loves to drive traffic with these at the treasure hunt. So it’s really a nice blend as well as some restaurants as well. So that’s really the merchandizing mix that we think drives traffic at all points during the day and repeat customers that love to come back. 
Conor Flynn: The Boulevard is making great progress too. When you look at, again, those are merchandizing mix there. We’ve got a very strong grocer that’s already executed. We’ve got a movie theater that’s going to be the entertainment piece of it. We’ve got a health and wellness and fitness component that again we like to think as a complementary use.  We’ve got an off-price user that’s going to drive that treasure hunter. We’ve got a beauty concept that’s signed up. And we’ve got a restaurant row that we think is really going to be vibrant main street for that project. So, we are well ahead in terms of our pre-leasing there and think that in terms of the City of New York, that asset is going to be another signature project for Kimco. 
