David Henry: Good morning and thank you for calling in today. We are very pleased to report excellent third quarter financial results which highlight very healthy fundamentals in our portfolio. Our operating metrics across the board for the quarter were excellent, led by solid occupancy gains and strong growth in U.S same-site NOI of 4.9%. We continue to be pleased with the improving trends in small shop space and our 15th straight quarter of solid leasing spreads for both new leases and renewals. As we have discussed in prior calls, limited new supply population growth and positive GDP growth have all combined to provide excellent momentum for increases in effective rents, leasing spreads and occupancies across the open air shopping center sector, particularly in high quality properties in primary markets. While retailers in general have had a mixed year so far, there is optimism about the holiday season and many of our top tenants are doing very well, such as TJX, Costco, Home Depot, Burlington, Ross Stores, et cetera. Many of these tenants are continuing to substantially increase their store counts. Restaurants in particular are expanding in great numbers, led by the relatively new fast casual category, which includes Panera Bread, Chipotle, Chick-Fil-A and Smashburger.  While Kimco, like several of our peers, is beginning to invest very selectively in several ground-up developments, new supply is expected to remain muted for several more years and retail space per capita in the U.S has actually declined slightly. While ecommerce continues to impact brick and mortar retailers, most large retailers have found effective ways to blend their growing ecommerce business with their store operations. The Omni-channel concept is a reality and most of us landlords smiled recently as we read that Amazon plans to open a new retail showroom in New York City.  In terms of our overall strategy, we continue to implement our TSR initiatives, transformation, simplification and redevelopment. Glenn and Conor will cover the specifics, but we are on track in terms of selling our Tier 2 properties and selectively adding high quality property acquisitions. Our redevelopment pipeline also continues to grow with new acquisitions and as rising rents make more projects economically feasible.  In Mexico, we are working very hard to close our last, large portfolio sale, which is under contract and which we hope to close in late November. We also have one property remaining in Chile, which is under a letter of intent. All of our other properties in Chile, Peru and Brazil have now been sold. Canada remains a strong and consistent contributor to our earnings, with excellent FFO returns despite the soft Canadian dollar. Occupancy and same side metrics, excluding currency, are very solid and property values are at very high historical levels. There are also several significant redevelopment opportunities in the Canadian portfolio which we are evaluating with our Canadian partners, particular RioCan.  And now I’d like to turn to Glenn to outline our specific financial results for the quarter, to be followed by Conor’s discussion of portfolio results with Milton batting cleanup. .
David Henry: We’re ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. We request that you respect the limit of one question so all callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Gary, you may take the first caller. 
David Henry: Yes, we are seeing it compress across all levels. It's pretty apparent that cap rates continue to drift lower regardless of quality. 
David Henry: Yeah, there were -- that’s a good question. There were two large projects that were added and that become active that was added. One was a termination with K- Mart in Orlando of a redevelopment project that became active and we have a signed lease with PGA to take a portion of the box and we’re negotiating with two junior anchors to take the remaining portion of that asset. And then a large that we actually enhance the scale and size of a redevelopment that’s under entitlement right now which is Highland Plaza which is located in Staten Island. We’ve elected to make that a much larger redevelopment project and add more density there. We also added both sides of scale to our Pentagon project which is also under entitlement. And we are negotiating shipping entitlements, what was previously entitled as an office redevelopment, we are now switching it to apartments and we are adding size and scale to that property as well. So those are the three major movers.
David Henry: And on the strategic investments, I think you will continue to see us acquire in our key territories. Boston portfolio this year was a good example of something that we think we can add significant value to and is actually performing ahead of even our own expectations. And then you will see us acquire more adjacent parcels where that we can add significant density to our existing portfolio and play off of assets that we know and love and can use that as to grow our redevelopment pipeline.
David Henry: It’s a good question. The actual -- we have actually been targeting both the national franchises as well as the small shop operators because I think it’s important as you look at your offering in your shopping center, that you try and offer something that lends itself to the local community that’s also a little different than the normal names you see in every single strip center that you drive by. It’s a strategy of ours that we think it adds a little something extra to connect to the local community. It’s more of a demand function and we really have been pushing that and believe that that’s a nice way to add an additional offering to our shopping center. In terms of the breakdown of the occupancy versus dispositions, it was about half and half in terms of the small shop occupancy on what was pure net absorption versus disposition. 
David Henry: It’s tough to know if it’s going to reverse itself. I think that at the current state of where we are in the real estate environment, there’s become -- I think our open air shopping centers have become really the preference for millennials and for others because they enjoy the campus type of environment. As that trend occurs maybe that will continue, but again it’s hard to know whether or not it’s going to reverse itself. Right now we think that our suite of tenants that we deal with on a day to day basis are extremely healthy and are growing and you can see that their sales continue to perform well. We think that as we add different types of mall tenants to that it will enhance the surrounding retail and it will bring a nice dynamic to our shopping centers. But again it’s tough to know if it will reverse. 
David Henry: The traffic as I said, it does enhance our property if we can bring something different to the table. It’s nice to be able to mix and match an offering with a Nordstrom Rack of the world but then with also a potential jeweler from an enclosed mall that will enhance the surrounding retail. You really want to look at what the local community is in need of and then provide it to them with the best offering of choice. Operator : The next question is from Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please go ahead. 
David Henry: It’s a good point we definitely have because I would say close to stabilized occupancy in our anchor pipeline. That being said, we do have over 40 anchor leases coming due in the next year without options that we believe are below market. The average base rent on those boxes is well below our anchor average base rent. We still believe our upside is significant because of our below market rents due to the history of the company being a long term owner of shopping centers. We still have some of these K-marts that average base rents of $5 a foot. As we mark-to-market that we think there’s still a significant embedded upside. 
David Henry: I think it’s more of a set the margin right now. The restaurants are definitely still a large portion of the retailer world that’s taking space. They are very aggressive on upfront parcels. They have taken almost a role of financial institutions or banks that used to be the highest payer for the upfront parcel. When those pads become available it’s usually a bidding frenzy between the Chick-fil-A's of the world and others that really want that upfront visibility as well as drive-throughs. You are seeing that continue and I would say that if you look over a longer period, you’ll see that restaurants continue to be a more substantial part of the portfolio. 
David Henry: Some will take in-line space. Panera Bread is a good example where we’ve been successful in putting them on end caps and putting them in a location where typically pad users wouldn’t locate. But again they have also changed their model a little bit now because Panera is now wanting to include a drive-through. So it just depends on the strength of the real estate that if they want to be in the location bad enough, they typically tend to change their model and make it work. TIs I think is something that restaurants are definitely the heaviest in terms of Tis. It goes -- typically when we have a bake and restaurant, we obviously target to replace it with another restaurant so the TIs aren’t as heavy. But when you do a new build out, there is no question about it, they’re the heaviest in TIs.
David Henry: Many of the pad users, many of the restaurants that want the pads typically prefer to ground lease. So the Chick-fil-A's of the world, those are typically ground leases where the landlord costs are minimal. It’s just pad prep. 
David Henry: I would just add that it is opportunity driven and at the current market, we prefer not to issue equity. We try to self-fund our developments and acquisitions because we think we‘re still trading at a discount. So to me that is critical in terms of continuing to push our internal portfolio to the next level by redevelopment and continuing to enhance it. 
David Henry: Yeah. To that point we sold two K-marts this quarter where we thought the average base rent was above market and we thought there was limited upside. So we elected to move out of them. .
David Henry: The mall tenants, yeah, they definitely have been paying significantly higher because they are used to mall type rents. That’s the beauty of it. They can still reduce their occupancy cost but as a whole when retailers look at their rents it's more of an all-in number. They’re looking at their triple nets as well. So our triple nets comparing to the mall triple nets are much, much lower. When you look at the all-in comparison, they can continue to pay pretty high rents in the 25 to 30, but triple nets are lower. So an all-in occupancy cost is still achievable for them in terms of transfer.
David Henry: Yeah. Our goal is 90%, which I think is very much achievable as they continue to trend and the pace continues. We’re very, very focused on that and it’s something that we are geared off to to try and achieve. We’ve been a leasing company for a long, long time and this is what we do best. So I think we are well positioned to take advantage of that. 
Milton Cooper: Thanks Conor. I will be very, very brief since our numbers speak for themselves. I’m pleased as punch over our team’s performance for this quarter. We are executing and delivering on all metrics and I believe that our transformation has greatly elevated the quality of our portfolio. As a result, I’m convinced that our portfolio is not only much more resilient to downturns, but that we have to lay the foundation to much stronger, long term upside. But what is most, most important is Kimco’s talented team of passionate professionals. They are the principle source of my optimism for our future.  And with that we are happy to take any questions.
Milton Cooper: And part of that is driven by the financing being available for even the secondary assets out there. The CMBS market is back I think the estimates are that there will be 100 billion of CMBS done this year. That’s helping us dispose of the secondary assets. 
Milton Cooper: One of the catalysts for small shops coming back in our opinion is the community banking system has gotten more aggressive about lending to local businesses. They’ve now recovered nicely from the recession. So they are a little more aggressive about letting a jewelry store expand to a second store or a drycleaner expand to a second and so forth. And also as housing recovers a little bit, the home equity lines of credit are being increasingly available. Our sources of capital now too for the mom-and-pops to grow again. 
Milton Cooper: Not really. We’ve been proactive about talking with our institutional partners and the ones that have been game to talk we are continuing to talk. And as we’ve mentioned in prior calls, we have certain JV partners that are long term holders and are not interested. I think with interest rates trending down yet again, it just shows that cap rates continue to drift down for particularly the very best properties. Valuations are up and there’s just a lot of interest in real estate as a hard asset and is something that yields comparatively well with other alternatives.
Milton Cooper: But the pricing power is there also from the landlord side. We are able to get good rents to offset that. 
Glenn Cohen: Craig, it’s Glenn. I would say that the amount of disposition that you’ll see next year will be significantly less probably by about half. Disposition so far including Latin America, they’re in excess of $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion so far. So it will probably be less than half of that next year, primarily obviously focused on finishing up the U.S dispositions that we’ve target. 
Glenn Cohen: We’ll have to get back to you to get you a specific amount of what was invested that generated the 170 basis point increase in same site. That's just not sitting here our fingertips. 
Glenn Cohen: And then you have to keep it in perspective on the numbers. There’s about 115,000 neighborhood and community shopping centers and about 1,000 malls. It’s not like the 1,000 malls and the tenants in those 1,000 malls make a huge dramatic shift into 115,000 properties. You’ve just got to keep it in some perspective. 
Glenn Cohen: Net investment activity, again we think that our disposition side will be significantly less. The acquisition side will probably be less also. Again this year when you look at all the acquisition activity we’ve acquired on a gross, close to $1.2 billion, primarily buying out joint venture partners. I would guess that it’s also going to be scaled back unless there’s a great acquisition that’s very, very accretive. Again the cap rate environment is very challenging today. Everything is very, very expensive and we are looking for assets that have real upside growth in them. Tough to find, so when we look at it say I would expect it to be somewhat muted than what we’ve seen this year.
Glenn Cohen: Again, it’s tough to tell. I would think that the -- again on the disposition side. I think it will be somewhere around half. Opportunities come and go. So on the acquisition side it’s a little tough to tell. We haven’t finished remodeling out what we expect to attempt to acquire. But what we’ve been doing is to the extent that we have sold assets and raised whatever capital, we’ve been redeploying that, primarily focused on putting it into our redevelopment programs, some new developments that we’re targeting and then where we can be the buyer of a joint venture partner or buy one-off assets. Tough to figure.
Glenn Cohen: The average cost range on the K–marts boxes, depending on obviously the tenants that are going in, because many times we are demolishing it and starting from scratch. So it can range from$70 to $100 a foot depending on the tenant fit out and the amount of spaces that you are chopping off to really reposition it.
Glenn Cohen: From a yield standpoint, again we are not doing them if they are only going to yield3% or 4%. We really are focused on doing this redevelopments where they are going to yield 8% plus. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s a good question. Re-development definitely has become a bigger impact on the same site NOI figure and we anticipate that to continue. As we’ve shown, we’ve tried to ramp up the redevelopment pipeline. So as we see the deliveries come online, that’s where you are going to see it have the biggest impact on our same site NOI. So Q4 we do anticipate to have another, call it a third of an impact on the same site NOI figure. And we continue to see that being the case going forward as we deliver projects and continue to add new projects to the pipeline. 
Conor Flynn: I guess let’s take them one at a time. If you recall we decided early this year to accelerate the disposition. So we give ourselves high marks for actually accelerating the pace of what we’ve done. And we’ve been able to move a lot of assets out into immediately a good market to sell assets. So we think we’ve taken good advantage of the window that’s opened to sell assets. And as buyers get frustrated for the A assets, there are looking at the B assets in some of these secondary cities. So we’ve been able to play well into that. So I think we’d give ourselves a high grade for that. In terms of recycling the capital that’s coming in, we’ve always been very selective about what we are buying in a market where prices are quite high.  And that’s why many of our acquisitions have been from our existing joint ventures where we know the assets and we can save money both with assumption fees and brokerage fees and transfer costs and things like that by negotiating with our institutional partners, who in many case have made a nice profit anyway on these assets. We’ve been selective. We know it’s a good time to be careful in buying assets. We do like to try to go after assets that have redevelopment upsides. So that’s one of the things we look at in an era of low cap rates that’s what we are trying to do. As we get to the end and we think by the end of ‘15 we’ll be largely done the disposition program. So we will have a Tier 1 portfolio if you will that we are very proud of. So the amount of recycling capital will slow down.
Conor Flynn: I would guide you that on average it will be closer to a 10% number. Now certain projects obviously will be higher than that. Some will be lower as well. On an average I would guide you to the 10% to use that. Definitely there are a few projects within our pipeline that we have started working on that could add a multifamily. Most of them are in the entitlement phase. We are still analyzing all of our different elements that go into that, what’s the best way to approach unlocking the most value. And those will probably be -- depending on what tact we have for those, if we go out with the ground lease to an apartment developer, that will actually have a higher yield because it’s no cost for us and they will take on the construction and development risk. Or if we decide to do something different, that might also alter the returns there. I think blended as a 10 is still the best way to model our future redevelopment pipeline. 
Conor Flynn: We have. That’s been a trend that’s been really been occurring now for probably a few years as it’s happening across all grades of malls. So the A malls are getting to a point where their occupancy costs are so high that they have now started to test the waters in terms of shifting over to open air shopping centers that are surrounding the mall to see if they can see the sales transfer and still make the business make sense. The B malls clearly have come under a lot of pressure and there’s now less leverage from the Simons of the world to be able to I guess keep the B mall tenants in place where they have them in A malls. In order to keep them in the B malls they have that type of leverage over them. So we are starting to see that as well as I would say outlet tenants. Outlet tenants have now started to migrate as well to the open air shopping center. We’ve seen that in one of our assets where we just recently did a Talbot's outlet as well a Chico’s outlet. So you are starting to see a blend come from multiple different disciplines and it's really benefiting the open air shopping center in our opinion.
Conor Flynn: Gap is one that clearly is interested in moving and they’ve seen that that’s worked for them in the past. So they would be probably the most active of that. And there’s, Torrid is also active and a few others that -- the jewelers that come out of the malls as well seems to see some nice sales transfer.
Conor Flynn: And as rents continue to increase, that redevelopment pipeline we have will continue to increase and that’s our first choice of where we deploy capital.
