Ross Cooper: Thanks, Conor. With the execution of our second quarter transaction activity completed, we took another big step towards our goals of reducing leverage, joint ventures and non-core market ownership. The largest driver of our progress was the continued and accelerated pace of our Canadian exit, highlighted by the Anthem transaction which closed last month.  Coupled with the sale of several additional Canadian assets, we have now sold over 90% of our Canadian LOI with the remainder to be sold by year end. In the US we took advantage of the strong investor demand for shopping centers with the disposition of 12 assets for $220 million. This included the sale of our last remaining asset in Mississippi as well as other non-core assets in markets, such as Council Bluffs, Iowa and Overland Park, Kansas.  The blended cap rate on the dispositions for the quarter was 6.6% which was in line with our expectations. We will continue to selectively prune the portfolio to enhance the overall quality on a go forward basis.  On the acquisition side, we remain laser focused on high quality assets with both long and short term growth located within strong demographic areas. As previously announced, the acquisition of our partner share in Oakwood Plaza and Dania not only provides Kimco with 100% ownership of two of the largest and highest quality projects in the portfolio but also further achieves the goal of JV reduction.  Additionally, we are excited to announce the planned acquisition of the Kentlands marketplace, a 250,000 square foot Whole Foods anchored center in Gaithersburg, Maryland. This metro DC asset provides a unique opportunity to own a highly coveted infill asset with excellent grocery sales of almost $1300 a square foot and also has significant near term upside and redevelopment potential. Closing is anticipated in the next couple of weeks and we look forward to sharing our plans for this asset.  Our transactional activity for the year has been front loaded with asset sales as we have sold 821 million KIM share which bumped against the low end of our initial 2016 disposition range of 825 million to 975 million. With over 20 assets either under contract with accepted offers or in the market, we are increasing our full year 2016 disposition range to $1 billion to $1.15 billion. Our 2016 estimate for acquisitions remains intact at $450 million to $550 million as we will have purchased approximately 250 million of shopping centers, including the pending Kentlands acquisition.  The environment for quality real estate remains hypercompetitive but we continue to evaluate unique opportunities and pick our spots. Capital is abundant with significant equity being placed by foreign investors, pension funds life companies, private equity and REITs. Debt is readily available from CMBS and life companies with historically low rates and yields are expected to stay low for the near future.  Recent sub-5% cap rates on open air shopping center transactions have closed in New York, New Jersey Metro, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, Austin, Texas, Washington D.C. and South Florida. These are all primary markets for Kimco where we have a strong established presence.  Single tenant ground leases with strong credit are trading in the low 4% range and even sub-4% in some cases which bodes well for the value of our long term ground leases with the likes of Walmart, Costco, Home Depot and others.  With that, I am happy to pass it over to Glenn to provide detail on the financials. 
Ross Cooper: Yeah we absolutely do. And I think nobody has been touting that for a while now and we absolutely have seen in the market on deals that we're chasing particularly those core markets that I mentioned in the scripts and they continue to go lower. Unlevered IRR expectations are in the 5s and we continue to be disciplined but we feel that there's opportunities if we pick our spots which we will continue to do similar to this Kentlands acquisitions in D.C. 
Ross Cooper: I think we've seen it over the course of the year. That certainly has factored into I think a renewed vigor and search for yield that you just – you can't find it anywhere else and a lot of investors have continued to focus on on the U.S. shopping center industry. 
Ross Cooper: Sure. I mean we have obviously mentioned the Kentlands deal which is another $95 million which will get us up to the $250 million right in the middle of the range. We continue to evaluate opportunities both from third parties and continue discussions with our joint venture partners. We are fairly confident that we'll be able to assess the JV platform for some other opportunities in the second half of the year. So we're very comfortable with the range that we’ve outlined. 
Ross Cooper: Sure, the Puerto Rico portfolio is holding up nicely. The occupancy is still above 95%, same site was positive. But obviously relatively muted, so it's one that with the recent announcement of the PROMESA I think that the optimism is taking hold on the island. Clearly they have some issues to work through on the debt levels but we think from the shopping center standpoint the traffic volume is still very very high. They still are strong. So we think overall the outlook has gotten a bit brighter recently. 
Conor Flynn: We're ready to move on to the Q&A portion of the call due to the large volume of participants in the queue. We request that you respect a one question limit with the appropriate follow up. This will provide all of our callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you're welcome to rejoin the queue. Kate, you can take our first caller. 
Conor Flynn: Yeah, it's really the latter. We've seen extreme interests and strong pricing of what we've been selling. So we've taken that opportunity to push more out into the market than what was initially contemplated. So as long as we continue to execute and get the pricing we think it's a great opportunity to enhance the quality of the portfolio through the end of this year and then on a go forward basis starting in the beginning of 2017 we will be a much more selective and opportunistic disposition program somewhere in $150 million dollar range plus or minus. 
Conor Flynn: Well when you think about what we did, it was more about bringing the properties, the shopping center assets back into the REIT structure. These are assets that were developed by us years ago, that were originally part of our merchant development business. We've leased them up, fully developed them. Most of them are long term hold assets. They really belong in the REIT structure. So it's a matter of trying to find the most tax efficient way to bring them back in their appropriate space. With that, though, the Albertsons transaction and the investment in Albertsons comes along with it because we own less than 10% of the investment there and allowed us to bring it back into the REIT. So there is some benefit potentially that could come from it from a tax structuring standpoint but as it relates to the plus business we do have -- still have a separate TRS where if there were things that were appropriate for that we would house them there. This is more about the properties though. 
Conor Flynn: Well certainly on the institutional assets, they continue to compress. In the secondary markets we're still seeing very strong pricing. Our dispositions in the U.S. are still in the high 6s, low 7s. Particularly with assets that have a grocer, that is a dominant grocer within that market we're still seeing very strong pricing even in the secondary and tertiary markets. Where there's a little bit of softness is more in the commodity type retail, where there's no true value add and are relatively flat asset with no grocer is starting to see a little bit of trickle upwards in cap rates but still well within the range of expectation and within pricing that we're comfortable selling. 
Conor Flynn: Well we really feel like we're at the end of our transformation, so we'll continue to be opportunistic. But we're very happy with the level of the portfolio, the quality of the assets that we have once this year is completed. So we will always evaluate the quality of the properties, where the risk levels are, if markets are moving and things of that nature. But we don't anticipate any larger scale disposition program beyond this year. 
Conor Flynn: Sure we actually broke out the both projects in phases. So like we talked about earlier most of our projects have what we're calling off ramps and phases that we can actually see if we want to go or no go on the projects. So on Pentagon, the Phase 1 as I mentioned is really the parking deck that's nearing completion and then the first tower that's entitled and is ready to go vertical as soon as the parking deck is complete. The second phase on Pentagon is the second tower. So again we will monitor the absorption rate and the rents and where they're coming in and then make the determination on the second tower if and when it's appropriate.  Dania, same thing, first phase we broke out that costs. So you can see exactly what goes into the first phase, and that’s the Costco portion as well as some junior anchors that we're moving along nicely. The second phase there is going to be more of a higher density play. So we broke that out as well, as I mentioned H&M lease is fully executed, so the pre-leasing is starting to move forward on that as well. So we wanted to give you a bit more granularity on the phasing opportunities we have on some of these larger scale projects. 
Conor Flynn: Well I think for us and our partners, we don't think the discount would be that great, first of all. And we would be selling out large of a piece of the investment. So what we feel that will do for us is one, put up a little money in our pocket but also validate the valuation that we feel we have in Albertsons and hopefully you will add 15% to 20% to the valuation after we announced a transaction. 
Conor Flynn: We have pretty clear visibility into the absorption that we think is going to occur. We have LOIs working on eighteen of the boxes right now that are pretty close to fully executed. So we actually think we have a chance to be cautiously optimistic that a lot of them will be done before the end of the year. But again we want to -- it's probably going to take six to twelve months before all of them are fully occupied and the rent starts to come in. So we do have one lease that's fully executed with a grocery store, that’s 33% above prior rent and we continue to see what other opportunities exist to add grocery components going forward to the opportunities that we have. 
Conor Flynn: Well clearly you’re seeing that occupancy is hitting near an all time high. So when spaces come available there's usually a bidding war to get high quality real estate in this market. So that’s clearly what’s driving the rental spread both in the new leases and typically now when you see renewals come up it’s more option notices that are coming in rather than say pure renewals because people are worried about giving up their high quality real estate because they know there is a chance that they might lose it if they don't exercise that option. 
Conor Flynn: We really have three large remaining JV partners left and that’s really Prudential, CPP, and the New York Common Fund. So they're all great partners and they're all longstanding relationships that we've had over the years. And typically they're long term holders. So I don't see any sort of large transaction in the near term but there's always bites at the apple that we think we can get on the margin whether it's a smaller portfolio of properties or a few here and there that we can -- that we're able to acquire, similar to the Dania and Oakwood transaction that we announced this quarter. So again we will take the opportunities when they present themselves. But again we're really down to three large major partners that are all great partners and long term holders of high quality real estate. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, they’ve really maintained the levels that we've seen for the last nine to twelve months. So in the U.S. and some of the secondary markets we are in the high 6s into the low 7s. And if there's a grocery anchor even if it's outside of the core markets we've sold a couple of assets in the high 5s and the low 6s. So we still feel really good about where cap rates are. We have not seen them change materially and the buyer pools have been a bit shallow for the last twelve months compared to the beginning stages into the middle of 2015. But those groups are still very serious, they're able to get financing when they need it and we haven't really seen any hiccups in the deals that we've put under contract and getting it across the finish line. 
Conor Flynn: We really haven't. I think there was some news stories that came out recently about some of the employee sentiment, and that I think was taken maybe out of context on certain stores. The two leases that we had actually coming due this quarter both of them exercised options. So I think that gives you some insight into it's still very much a trying to make do of what they can. But we continue to monitor it. We only have 21 sites left, a little less than 1% of ABR. We have four coming due in 2017 without any options that are all redevelopments. And so we're still continuing to monitor the situation and look to try and redevelop that real estate. 
Glenn Cohen: So we ended really good shape – well, I’ll take in pieces. The line of credit, we ended with about $100 million on, so we have plenty of capacity on a $1.75 billion credit facility. As it relates to the mortgages that we will be prepaying, that will probably happen on September 1, notices have been sent to them and then the bonds will be paid at the end of the month. So we have roughly -- it's 30 days, 35 days and we will monitor the bond market closely and probably be active sooner than later I would guess.  As it relates to the asset sales, again there's a fair amount, I think Ross mentioned that there's twenty assets that are either under contract or that we have whoppers on. So the second part of the year you'll see another few hundred million dollars of sales that will help fund all these transactions that we're doing. As it relates to Canadian bonds, the cash -- most of the cash is already sitting on the balance sheet. 
Glenn Cohen: It's a few hundred thousand dollars because you're dealing with less tax returns and there’s a lot of other compliance related issues that will be able to mitigate. 
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, it’s Glenn. So we looked at our forecast and it was always anticipated that the back end of it, third and the fourth quarters, had stronger same site NOI growth, because you have more assets – more leases that are actually coming online and starting to pay rent from lease up that was done previously. So we always worked at to that, the second half of the year would be stronger.  In terms of the Sports Authority reserve, where we are is probably where it’s going to end at this point because what we've reversed is what we think we're going to collect. Now that they're going to close the rest of the stores, I think the reserve is where it is. So you'll just see further growth come in the third and fourth quarters from really organic things happening at the portfolio level. 
Glenn Cohen: Again we look at the entire capital plan for the full company. The ATM is an option for us and it's a balance between the amount of equity issuance and debt issuance to get us to the debt metric level that we want to be at. So we'll continue to monitor the market and where we think it's opportunistic we will take advantage of it.
Glenn Cohen: It’s Glenn. Hi Haendel. So you have two categories that are lower. One happened to just be snow removal costs are lower. So I can't predict that for next year, so we will have to see what happens. And then we actually did spend a lot less money on parking lot patching and repairing where this year versus last year, just a sign of where the portfolio looks like and the conditions of the properties today. So I think you have a fairly good run rate where you are now. 
Glenn Cohen: No, I mean the guidance does contemplate refinancing what we're calling on the USI with a bond. So that is the guidance. 
Glenn Cohen: Again as we get – first of all, well as far as guidance we don't do guidance in the third quarter, we do it later. And second, I’ve mentioned it because it is another opportunity for us to further reduce our overall cost of capital -- again but it's going to be subject to market conditions at the time and where rates are. So I throw it out because it's something that is near term. It's on our radar screen. 
Glenn Cohen: Right, also two of those ventures, the common fund venture that we have, we own almost 50% of it and with CPP we own 55% of it. So we are a major stakeholder in those.
Glenn Cohen: That's really it, it’s the same as what we had before. The difference is our expectation of some monetization of Albertsons in the number. So the only change to the guidance that occurred really relates around the $89 million, it’s maybe a penny difference because we actually had some transactional income that's already done, so the preferred equity investment that was sold this quarter and the one from last quarter gave us a penny of headline FFO. 
Glenn Cohen: I mean there's always a way depending on how quickly certain lease starts [ph] and then cash starts flowing. Again we've been guiding what's the middle, somewhere in the three, 3 to 3.1 range but it's a range. So we don't control everything that happens but we do feel comfortable towards that middle end of that range. 
Ray Edwards: This is Ray Edwards. While the company still is pursuing the IPO option and the S1 is kept updated and I think it will be updated again next week on that. The company is also another opportunities for us to monetize part of our best move while we’re waiting for the IPO market to come around. 
Ray Edwards: Yes, I mean, in 2013 October when they tried the IPO it didn't work out. We kept – as I said before the S-1 updated on file to do that. But as markets are fickle, the partners have gotten together and looking at other opportunities as a path to monetize part of our investment and we're considering to doing that, and that might be a vehicle for us to monetize and we're optimistic it will happen this year. So we're on track for it. 
Ray Edwards: This is Ray. I mean Kmart has a lot of flexibility because they haven't signed up lease in twenty years. So every one of the leases is probably the last five years of the main term with an option period. So they have a lot of flexibility to renew leases and we’re making money like they did with a couple of hours and where they’re not making money get out of them without having the big lease disposition programs. So they have a lot of flexibility on the Kmart side to wind down stores in a short period of time. 
