Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. The environment for our type of retail property continues to improve. Absorptions are forecasted to outpace completions for the foreseeable future. Retail store opening plans are at a multiyear high. So while consumers will feel the impact of the end of the payroll tax holiday, some major economic indicators are pointing in the right direction. Above all, labor market is slowly improving and home prices continue to recover. Now as you've heard from my partners, we feel pretty good about our business. A business plan is on our track. And since our Investor Day on September 23, 2010, we acquired properties of total cost of $1.3 billion and disposed of sites at a gross price of $800 million, a total transaction volume of over $2 billion. And this illustrates that there has been a meaningful transformation of the portfolio. Please rest assured that we disposed of properties that we felt did not meet our criteria for future growth and acquired properties that we want to own long-term. The upgrade of our portfolio will greatly improve our long-term growth prospects and the property metrics and related demographics. Well, there are 3 aspects of Kimco's business that distinguish us. First, a national platform that enables us to service the needs of retailers in any part of the United States. Two, we have joint ventures which own approximately $10 billion of real estate that have and will continue to serve as an attractive source of acquisitions over time. And three, a long-term track record of retail-related opportunities that includes profitable transactions with Venture Stores, Gold Circle, Hechinger's, Montgomery Ward, Service Merchandise, Kmart, Ames, Albertsons, Woolworths, Frank's Nursery, Strawbridge & Clothier, Sprouts, [indiscernible], I could go on and on. Now we are confident that the SUPERVALU investment will also prove rewarding over time. We continue to have the same management team headed by the legendary Bob Miller that created extraordinary value for our Albertsons investment. And I'd like to conclude by thanking our associates for the wonderful job they are doing executing on our plan. I'm excited by the future and opportunities I see ahead. Now with this, I'm very happy to take any questions.
Milton Cooper: Absolutely right. The -- a, our role in the SUPERVALU transaction is as a real estate partner. We have been retained and have a fee arrangement, but our principal job is to help in the monetization of surplus real estate aspects of the transactions that require real estate expertise. And I suspect that out of that activity, there will be opportunities for acquisitions, and it should be accretive. An example, we own 50% of a wonderful property in Chicago. And who owns the other 50%? Jewel. For years, we were trying to buy Jewel from the then SUPERVALU management. Never got any place. New management sees it. They want to monetize their half. We will wind up buying a property that we wanted to buy for years. And other illustrations, we had a wonderful Shaw's Supermarket in New England. The volume, the period before SUPERVALU bought it, was $36 million, and we were thinking of expanding it. [indiscernible], the SUPERVALU management came in, the plans to expand and drop. That volume today, led from $36 million down to $19 million. So you could see the kind of upside in the profitability and also what extra volume does to the value of the real estate. Well, basically, we're excited about a profit participation but most important, what it can lead to in real estate opportunities and enhancing our portfolio. Now this is not going to detract from what we've always wanted, being fast in our footwork to seize opportunities [indiscernible].
Milton Cooper: Well, the housing market is such a vital part of the retail market. When you have new homes built, people need furniture, appliances, there's job growth. So I would say that the new rooftops, new construction, new occupancy is one of the most important parts of increase in activity for retailers. So it's a very important part.
Milton Cooper: It's a pertinent question because we had dinner last night with Bob Miller. And he has said the most important thing in this turnaround is to get the customer back, that to have fresh produce, to have the kind of an excitement in a store where customers can come back. And that will be the first objective turnaround of inception [ph]. Shaw's was once a marvelous place to shop. Anyone who's in New England knows what has happened. Similarly, Jewel had a fantastic share of market. But the objectives are to first get the customer back, get the customer into the store. And that will -- is the #1 priority. There will be -- there is surplus property that's separate and apart from the turnaround of the store level. And that, Ray Edwards, of our company is working on and involved and there will be monetization on there of that.
Milton Cooper: We don't know. I mean, Albertsons, we've got 5X money back pretty quickly. And it's going to be hard to say. I happen -- I -- generally I am a pessimist. But with this management team and the skill of the letting the partners that are in the transaction, I think it's going to happen relatively quickly.
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, the parties have asked us not to comment on the specific cap rate, and so for -- so, I'll leave you to your math on that part. But we do value our relationship with Blackstone very much. We have a great working relationship with them. As you may remember, they purchased our Valad note and we did work with them on the original Centro transaction. So we have a good working relationship with them. And we're very pleased to be able to come to terms with Blackstone to increase our stake in this wonderful portfolio. It's very high quality assets. And so, we're very happy to be going from 18% to 33%. And we're very happy to continue our role as the operating partner and continue to be paid for that. So we value them and we hope to do other things in the future with them.
David B. Henry: I would say, Paul, that yes, that will be 60 to 75, that it is slightly higher quality than what we've been selling the past couple of years. It's also a mix between assets that are held by the REIT as well as in joint venture assets. And not only institutional joint ventures but the array of smaller joint venture relationships that we've had, many legacy deals that we've had for years and years. So to try and put a circle around it, we've just thought about it in terms of net cash to Kimco, what it might generate in 2013. And based on some estimates, the targeted properties we are probably figuring somewhere between to $350 million to $430-some-odd million debt cash to Kimco. And that represents the purchase price minus any debt, particularly in joint ventures and in our pro-rata share.
David B. Henry: The market for, let's call it, the assets or secondary cities has definitely improved. We're seeing increasing demand, and cap rates are drifting lower. So we're encouraged by that.
David B. Henry: No. It's important to note that basically, Blackstone is stepping into UBS' Shoes, and all of the fees and different services that we provide will stay as originally negotiated with UBS.
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, let's go through the list. We are very pleased that there's been a pickup of momentum in terms of leasing activities. So we're seeing it on the ground. The rents are going the right way. The occupancy is going the right way. We're also absolutely fascinated how quickly the capital markets have changed down there. The new public REITs and the demand for product of all types in Mexico is really quite amazing for somebody that's been following Mexico for a long time. Investors are literally pouring into the country looking for real estate. And it's a thin market in terms of quality real estate. So what we have, we think is much more valuable. And to be honest with you, we are looking at different things we can do. The IPO market is robust. We'd be foolish not to look at the IPO market. We have been approached by a number of existing REITs, perspective REITs and funds to acquire some of our high-quality properties. We, as you know, we have different operating partners and we have an institutional partner, capital partner, GE, all of whom have different long-term objectives in Mexico. So we will be going basically property-by-property and partner-by-partner in deciding what to do long-term. Now the other side of the coin is because cap rates have plummeted, it's not very attractive for us to buy properties. These cap rates are very low. So just like Canada, it's unlikely that we're going to increase our stake down there. But we have decided, as I mentioned, in South America to exit. We're just not big enough. Taxes are tough down there and notwithstanding the prognosis for the South American countries down there in terms of the economy, it's just not a good game for us and somewhat of a diversion.
David B. Henry: But Mike did hit on a strong asset of Kimco. We've got lots and lots of older leasing. When people look at our average rent, it has upside. So in general, we think we are going to outperform in terms of these leasing spreads. It's just difficult to project these very high double digits to continue.
David B. Henry: We find them A buyer. They're certainly looking for yield and they can find the yield in some of these secondary markets and B assets. But interestingly, we actually find local buyers being particularly aggressive on one-off transactions. They think they can do a little better job in their own market than we can. They're buying some vacancy and that's just fine with us.
David B. Henry: And when you look at the total package, which is the rent we are able to achieve, the free rent provisions, the TI and so forth, as a total effective rent, effective rents are moving up for us. So we suspect that it is not quite a landlord's market, but it's moving a little bit away from the strength that the tenants had to demand huge TI packages and so forth.
David B. Henry: Generally more of a lift. You've got a lot of tenants that want to be located next to new Targets. So if they're local stores and those are shorter term leases, we expect them to roll to higher rents than they would have if the Zellers was still there. Target is expected to drive a lot of traffic to these centers. And as you know, Target had spent a lot of money fixing up these stores. So it's exciting, it's brand new for Canada. The average Canadian's very excited about Target entering. So we suspect an uplift. And if you talk to RioCan, I think they can give you some more specifics because they're seeing it.
David B. Henry: I think both in industrial and retail, good properties are going to trade in the 8s now, whereas a year ago it was 9. It's quite amazing and may be headed towards the low 8s, very high quality properties. As you know, the industrial is U.S. dollar rents, whereas the retailer is peso rent. In terms of the size of an offering, no, you could be relatively small. That doesn't seem to be an issue. What was intriguing to us particularly is the new Macquarie REIT because instead of an operating company going public, it's just an asset manager. All of the property management leasing is done by the sellers of those assets into the Macquarie REIT. Macquarie is just an asset manager collecting fees and so forth. So it makes what we have even more viable as a public vehicle, because we're not an operator in Mexico, but -- So it's just amazing what's going on down there.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. I mean, the cap rate is most likely going be a lower cap rate than what we've experienced in the past couple of years, which is to trend -- tended to be around the 9 cap rate level.
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, but that's definitely more than 1 question. But I'd be happy to take you through that. Obviously, when we put out our preliminary guidance back in October, again, based on best estimates, we actually have more information today. Some of the changes are, you saw during the fourth quarter just some of the aggressive selling that we've begun. And Mike's also talked about a more aggressive shopping center disposition program than what we originally had. So that's driving some of the retail change. And in conjunction with that, because the capital plan has more capital proceeds in it from these transactions, our requirements for an external debt or other capital needs are lower as well. And that's kind of brought down -- that brought down the financing cost that we've now projected in the current guidance. There's a small change in the non-retail. That's really just looking at the impact of InTown. InTown, we've had, beginning of the -- beginning to the middle of the second quarter. Now we think it might be more towards the latter end of the second quarter. So not a real big change there. And on the G&A line, it's really just a bunch of small things that have changed there from lower expectation of consulting and professional cost and lower expectation need for some temporary labor.
Glenn G. Cohen: As a general statement, Mike, I'd say that in looking at '13, the comps will be lower. And the primary reason is when thinking about our core leasing plan having the anchors at 97% occupied, most of the absorption is going to come and the leasing spreads are going to come from smaller spaces. And the smaller space is a little bit more of a mixed bag. We've got some great upside in certain markets and other markets are pretty tough. We've talked ad nauseam in the past about some of the markets in Vegas and Reno and Central Valley in California, et cetera that seem to temper the leasing spreads. That said, you can expect the unexpected. And what we've seen over the past couple of years, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, hit that home run or 2 on a big anchor deal that may turn over that gives you some extra juice. On balance, it's going to be positive. I'm not going to predict these big double-digit numbers that we had this year, but more directionally just map this out for the last 3 or 4 years in where we're heading, it's all heading in the right direction and the arrow keeps moving up. That's the best I can offer and I can't think about '14, '15, '16 because there are just too many variables that would affect a leasing spread.
Glenn G. Cohen: Essentially, the TIs and the CapEx that are provided are reflective of the market, the ability to attract the rent in a given market and who's paying the rent. So in our case, the TIs have gone up and as a direct consequence of where the leases are being signed and who's signing them. The big drivers this quarter are Nordstrom Rack in Colombia, replacing a RoomStore, a DSW in Manhasset, New York and Long Island. So we actually recycled an old, underperforming supermarket with an LA Fitness. All of these are relatively high rents because of the market -- that last, LA Fitness was in Staten Island. High-rent markets, drivers with tenants who can't pay the capital, there has to be a capital contribution. And when you look at the net effect of rent, it's still increasing. When you look at the capital cost and proportion to the rent, you're still recovering about 86%, 87% of the gross rent. And that's been the trend over the past couple of years. So on balance looking at dealmaking, not CapEx as a percentage of a static NOI, which could reflect a lot of under-market rents, we feel we're at market. We've not overcharging, so to speak, or we're not buying up rents that sometimes they have that concept that's thrown out there, just reflective of better markets, better tenants, good leases.
Glenn G. Cohen: It comes down to the composition of the leases -- the spaces, the sizes. You've seen a growth in capital tenant improvement dollars generally associated with large boxes, larger tenants and better markets. My earlier point that proportionally, more of the leases -- the lease volume in 2013 and probably beyond will be in smaller tenants. I don't think the average ticket price, capital, will probably be lower. But there's still a little bit more runway in some anchor deals that we have on the table. But I can't say we're maybe hitting a high point in '12 and '13 in terms of average TA dollars per square foot. But it clearly is reflective of what -- of the benefit of some of these anchor leases and better markets.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. I think you'll see it get extended out a little further. Again, we haven't issued a new bond since August of 2010. But when you see a new bond come, that will be a 10-year deal. So that will certainly extend it out further. We've also paid off some debt with perpetual preferred stock. So you're seeing debt get removed from the balance sheet when you're looking at it and you have no maturity. But in general, we are going to continue to extend out the duration and obviously keep the debt maturity staggered, as we always have.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, there's a couple of things, Vincent. First of all, the transaction is really in 2 parts. Part of it is going to be in marketable securities, so that will just show up on the balance sheet in that line. Unless there's dividends, there's no real change that would occur. So the mark-to-market just runs through the other comprehensive income line. The other portion, which is the investment in the stores, the accounting isn't resolved yet. We're not sure if we're going to be on the equity method or the cost method. But in general, we're going to treat this as part of our transactional income, right. So we're going to keep the recurring the way we've been showing it all along. And anything that happens relative to this will show up in that transactional income or in the headline number.
