Michael V. Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning. The first quarter portfolio performance reflects the combination of solid market fundamentals in our sector but also the specific actions we've taken over the past couple of years through recycling of the portfolio and investments made to create value in our core asset base. The U.S. same-site gross number of 3.7% was driven essentially by growth in minimum rents as leases signed over the past year began to hit the books as our tenants opened for business, as well as improved overall credit loss across the portfolio. The occupancy levels, in total, were 70 basis points higher than a year ago and 90 basis points in the U.S. That movement reflects the combination of positive absorption, the aggressive disposition of underperforming assets and selected acquisition activity. On a U.S. same-site basis, the occupancy rose 30 basis points with the balance being the effect of the acquisition and disposition activity. As Glenn stated, we saw a marginal decline in the leased occupancy since December of 20 basis points, a similar first quarter pattern over the past few years. I would note that, for the space under 10,000 square feet, half of the fallout was due, not from mom and pops, but the closure of 9 Fashion Bug stores as a consequence of Ascena Group's acquisition of their parent company and decision to shut down that chain. Overall, small shop trends continue to improve, albeit slowly. We're encouraged that the new deal spread, even for the smallest spaces between 0 to 5,000 square feet, has turned positive this past quarter. Overall, the new leasing spread again posted double digits and renewals and options also remained sturdy with the overall 3.8% increase. With overall leasing spreads positive for 7 straight quarters, it's apparent that we're in a self-sustaining recovery in rental rates. All of these metrics reinforce a much more favorable leasing and operating environment. That isn't new news for the best properties and best markets, yet where I'm more encouraged is the pickup in action for assets that have had little since the slower emergence from the days of the financial crisis. And one example is our center in Anchorage, Alaska, one of the last developments from our former merchant building program. We secured a Bass Pro Shops lease for a new 75,000 square-foot store that will scrape and replace over 58,000 square feet of existing vacancies. Retailer demand continues to be strong and is now advancing for opportunities to come out of the ground with new projects. While Dave points out that new retails development will remain limited by historical standards, we do have a couple of opportunities that seem to be coming together. One a Phase 2 land of a property we built in Boise, Idaho years ago; and another at a prime location in Christiana, Delaware near the mall. Things aren't fully baked but are getting there. And I offer this examples simply to indicate that well-positioned real estate in established retail corridors is getting the attention of retailers as in-place inventory is filling up. That said, the focus continues to be what we can do at existing properties in terms of redevelopment and expansions and investments there still yield the highest relative return. One other type of investment we're making is strengthening the operational backbone of the business and thinking creatively about the future. Some of the initiatives are described on our website, including the energy management and sustainably programs and leasing programs, such as the KEYS and a fast-track finance program, as well as social media outreach. But we've drilled it down even further. And we're thinking how we approach the management of properties and tenants with new standards for property visits and capital planning, tenant communication practices and better internal coordination. We're also piloting a Wi-Fi deployment and data analytics that will support tenant strategies and enhance our prospecting tactics at certain of our larger centers. Lastly, as Dave reported, much of acquisition activity in the first quarter involved either partner buyouts or the purchase of adjacent GLA of existing shopping centers. In effect, investing with a much lower degree of risk due to our knowledge -- in-place knowledge of the asset. And while it may appear that we took a breather on the disposition side, we have closed 2 property sales since the end of March. And between the 14 others under contract and 4 accepted offers, we also have an additional 22 in the market today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I mean, I just -- also, one thing I'd point out is we have 26 locations: 19 under the Albertsons, Jewel banner and then 7 or 8 of that are SUPERVALU. That we think are going to directly benefit from the new ownership and the operations. So our 26 shopping centers directly will benefit in our -- and have a better credit and the tenants do better in those locations.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Craig, it's tough for me to marry it up against other -- our peers in trying to do a relative analysis. But from our perspective, we -- our spreads are very often driven by the larger locations or available spaces that are substantial REIT below market. And what we are finding is that in the natural rolled -- rollover of leases that we are -- seem to be finding an increasing number of opportunities where we are capturing below-market rents in our process. So I don't know if it's necessarily peaking, but we are continuing to see, to some degree, an acceleration of these recaptures of below-market rents. And that, I think, in turn, reflects that fact that the retailer demand is increasing. There is more opportunity for us to rollover very positive rates.
Michael V. Pappagallo: The -- it's a pretty wide range. But what I'd suggest is if recent history is a guide and I recognize it's 40% of rents and there is going to be -- there are generally renewal options in many of these longer-term leases. But we would suspect that these larger longer-term deals have anywhere from, say, 10% to 30% uplift on the existing load and maturing base rent. That's what we've been experiencing in the last 2 or 3 years as these older lease rates roll off and we put new tenants in there. So the question for us, or the challenge for us, isn't so much the uplift. It's regaining, recapturing the space and gaining liquidity. Sometimes bankruptcies and early terminations, paying off the existing tenant to get the new tenant in is one strategy. Other times, it's sitting and waiting. Other times, it's of a particular tenant [indiscernible] wants to downsize because of a strategic change in their business has also an opportunity. So these are the -- those are the primary drivers or primary things that cause us to capture these below-market rents earlier than their contractual maturity.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. I would like to comment on several distinguishing Kimco attributes to wit: size, tenant mix and geographic diversity. These attributes provide downside protection and upside opportunities. We are a national company with a national platform. We are the largest landlord to Home Depot, Target, Costco, Walgreens, TJX Companies, just to name a few. With such a large number of leases, retailers are inclined to review our portfolio to possible expansion opportunities and work closely with us. Through our geographic diversity, the bulk of our revenues come from locations at the top 30 MSAs in the country which have strong demographics. Our national platform also helps us underwrite transactions in any part of the nation. As a result, we are a valued real estate partner in the SUPERVALU transactions and other ventures because of our ability to evaluate assets quickly throughout the country. I continue to be optimistic for our SUPERVALU investment and feel confident that the management team can replicate the remarkable success of our original Albertsons investments. And now I'd like to comment on cap rates. There's a wonderful blog entitled, "Look Ma, No Inflation" by that REIT seer, Ralph Block. Ralph postulates that gold, silver, oil and other commodities are selling far below the February 2012 peak. Future inflation is likely to be in the 1% to 2% range rather than 2% to 3%. And if inflation declines by 1%, cap rates should similarly decline by 1%. And the softening in prices should help the consumer and certainly help retail real estate. Now what defines quality real estate? My definition of quality real estate is real estate that has a safe, sustainable, growing cash flow over an extended period of time in good markets. With the 12 straight quarters of positive same-store NOI growth, improving leasing spreads and occupancy levels, our portfolio has outstanding quality and should warrant low cap rates. As I've said before, I believe the REIT is nothing more than a common stock that must comply with certain tax requirements. And in evaluating common stock, the most important metric is management, management, management. And management must understand the importance of maintaining a balance sheet that always has access to capital. And through our improved fixed charge coverage, net debt-to-EBITDA level, strong liquidity position, we have accessed debt and preferred stock at reduced costs. Secondly, we have to be fast on our feet-work to seize opportunities. And this has always been part of our DNA. And third, to continue to strive to be a low-cost provider. We treat the shareholders' money as though it were our own. And I believe our culture continues to meet all of these fundamental tenets. We're gratified by the first quarter results and feel confident that we can continue to create value for our shareholders. And my thanks go to a superb team of associates. And with that, we welcome any questions.
Milton Cooper: Well, the SUPERVALU transaction is very exciting to me. I'll just take a moment, Paul. There are 2 pieces of real estate, just as an example, that SUPERVALU has. One is a Star Market in Boston on Boston Street. By the way, that Star Market stayed open all night to serve food and refreshments to those injured in the Boston Marathon. That site in Boston, a successful store, but there were offers in excess of $25 million by people who want to build a high-rise apartment house. A second illustration is a Jewel store in Chicago in the Gulf Coast. And there is a huge multi-use retail office and apartment complex planned. So there is a business that's turning around that has been more abundant and some of the results were very encouraging with, I think, increases in the meat department, Ray is with me...
Milton Cooper: So that I feel very excited about what the ultimate result is. And as I said, I feel we can replicate the fantastic result we had in monetizing Albertsons.
David B. Henry: Christy, we are trying to be proactive. And as we've noted before, over time, management changes, strategies change of our institutional partners and many have expressed their willingness to reduce their investment in some of these joint ventures. For us, it's an off-market, opportunistic opportunity for us and there's a win-win in many of these transactions. We manage these portfolios now, so we know them very well. And an opportunity to do a purchase on a negotiated basis is a wonderful thing for us and it simplifies our platform.
David B. Henry: Well, I loved Milton's response to the Wall Street Journal reporter, where he said we talk to lots of people. And, in fact, there are not many retail REITs we haven't talked to over the years. And that's about all we want to say right now.
David B. Henry: And I would just point out. That of the 900 stores that we acquired under these 5 banners, 45% are either owned or long-term ground leases. So it is real estate rich from an owner's perspective.
David B. Henry: Well, I think what happened in '06's acquisition was it wasn't until '09 and 2010 that we monetized it. And the reasoning was we wanted to prove the case out in how we are going to increase the value of the stores. Because as the operations improve, the ability to monetize that real estate increases dramatically. So at this point, they're just focused from the company to improve the operations right now.
David B. Henry: And Craig, one other point. We have over 1,000 leases, where the contract rents were entered into over 20 years ago. That's a built-in natural base to increases over time.
David B. Henry: Let me challenge the assumption that the benefit of this would be mainly the national retailers. The small mom and pops have been absolutely devastated by competition from e-commerce. You'll see it in the occupancy statistics of all of us public retailers REITs, our vacancy factors are much higher in small stores. And that's directly the result of e-commerce competition. As an example, for instance, if you are a small jewelry store and somebody comes in and prices an engagement ring and you have to charge the sales tax and, meanwhile, they get the color, the carat, all of the quality stuff and go dial up Blue Nile and they can save literally hundreds of dollars. And it's another cut to that local jewelry store. I can't tell you how many local small businesses have been impacted by both this concept of showrooming, where people come in, for instance, a children's footwear store, where mothers will ask the clerks to measure the shoe sizes of their children and then look at the merchandise and write down serial numbers. And then leave and go order it from Groupon or one of these other e-commerce things to avoid paying the tax. ICSC has statistics about shoppers, when they go online, if that Internet retailer is beginning to charge sales tax for whatever reason, they will shift to another. And so it is very important to the local stores. The startups will do just fine. And the -- our local tenants would love to have $1 million exemption on the first million dollars they sell. I think it's, quite frankly, too high, but it's a compromise in terms of the legislation to get it done.
David B. Henry: It's not that costly. As part of the legislation, software will be made available for these people to very easily do it. Amazon already offers a service to collect the sales tax for Internet e-commerce guys. So it's just making a level playing field. Why should an Internet seller located in some other place that's selling to a state that collects sales tax not have to pay that sales tax on the residents who purchase it? Remember, this isn't a new tax. They are already obligated to pay a use tax, the purchaser. So it's just that nobody pays it. So there's an obvious advantage. So yes, we feel very strongly about it. All of us, retail landlords, feel very strongly. And if you think I feel strongly about it, call up Mr. Simon. It's just long overdue.
David B. Henry: I'd still -- I personally believe that is the case. Because many retailers were hurt with these development projects in the last recession, that were partially built, bankruptcies, foreclosures, that they weren't able to deliver the projects on time. And this time around, retailers simply don't want to wait several years while these projects get entitled, arrange for construction financing, do preleasing. And rents have not returned to the previous levels necessary to make the economics work that well. So I still believe it's going to be quite a few years before you will see any kind of significant ramp up of activity. And the retailers are looking for space that either retailers are struggling with and are willing to give back or, perhaps, a secondary location just to get open right away and meet their store count right way.
David B. Henry: Yes, a multiple-part question. Well, let me take the second one first. The cap rate was a 7%, 9% on actual 2012 NOI. So that's one aspect. As we looked at what's going on in Mexico and as we mentioned on the last quarter, the surge of capital market activity and the increasing value of our real estate has generated a number of discussions here. We did look at maybe joining the crowd in terms of taking our platform public. But as you know, we are not an operator in Mexico. We are an investor, if you will. We have multiple operating partners. And so we feel the best execution, to the extent that prices stay this high, is to sell into these public companies or people that want to become public. So it's just an excellent window of opportunity for us if the markets continue this strong.
David B. Henry: No. It's working just fine. And the level of interest is quite amazing. And once this deal closes, we can give you more color on who the buyer is and who our operating partners are that joined us in the sale here. So but the answer to your question is no. We have an opportunity to sell in whole or in part to multiple interested buyers. I'd like to -- if I could just interject a previous question about how many leases, the 1,000 leases over 20 years in age. It's about 14% of the gross annualized base rents that we disclosed.
David B. Henry: Okay. First of all, Latin America is 2 parts. South America is what we've referenced in terms of the reason we're going home as we don't have scale and the taxes are tricky and expensive. And quite frankly, the development returns are not as high as originally projected. So the rents have come down a bit. The costs to develop have not. And the taxes are quite significant. If you take a country like Peru, it's about 29% on the actual gross revenues after expenses. So it makes your return. So if you thought you were developing towards 13, you're really developing to a 10 or a 9. And then you take the country risk on top of that and the currency risk and so forth. So it's just, we couldn't ramp up because the risk reward wasn't there. And we don't have scale. And so we decided to really focus on other aspects. Mexico does not have that same level of tax issues. And it's much more comparable to Canada, where we pay very little in terms of tax on current income. There is a capital gains tax on the way out that's quite substantial in Canada, a little less so in Mexico. But, again, the returns in Mexico have certainly justified that -- or the after-tax returns have justified the investment in Mexico, whereas South America, they did not.
David B. Henry: Michael, just as one small illustration. We have 100,000-foot lease at probably $2 of rent in Staten Island, expires in 2017. We will get probably $2 million a year on that instead of a couple of hundred thousand. And there are other illustrations. And it's with a more dynamic tenant.
