Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. We continued our modest level of transactions in the second quarter, selling three shopping centers for a total gross price of $103.7 million, with $65.8 million at Kimco’s share. Subsequent to quarter-end, we sold another two joint venture assets with a gross value of $43.6 million, with Kimco’s share being approximately $6.5 million. Given the level of dispositions completed so far this year, as well as the anticipated closings in the back-half of the year, we are comfortable at the high-end of the dispositions range of $200 million to $300 million. Our strategy has been paying off as the core portfolio continues to shine and provide stability and upside for the company. Notwithstanding the success, we will keep with the strategy of being active asset managers of our portfolio, where we envision risk or downside to a property, or where we believe we have maxed out value for that center, we have moved them to the market and out of the portfolio. Our recent transaction activity demonstrates that demand for our assets remains very healthy, of particular note with the level of interest in our Latham, New York asset. Located in upstate New York and with a deal price north of $73 million, the solid quality and depth of the bitter pool reinforces our view that the marketplace – the market places significant value on open air shopping centers. Moreover, our buyer was able to obtain attractive financing, which continues to be readily available for our product type. With the 10-year treasury rates approximately 120 basis points below the 52-week high, borrowing costs remain favorable for the levered buyer. As it relates to core market institutional quality assets, demand outweighs supply in the marketplace and pricing reflects this. Recent transactions in Northern California and Texas have traded at sub-5% cap rates. A significantly larger wholesale club anchored center in Palm Beach, Florida, as well as a recent grocery anchored portfolio priced at just under $500 million in the Mid Atlantic region, both recently traded in the 5% cap rate range. While we have seen many examples of single asset sales at very low cap rates, it is encouraging to see a larger size portfolio also pricing very aggressively. While we continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities, we did not acquire any assets in the second quarter and do not anticipate buying any properties in the current quarter. Given the aggressive landscape for high-quality core market assets, we continue to see our best risk-adjusted return and the reinvestment in our best assets. This includes repositioning and strengthening the retail, while also adding mixed-use densification where appropriate. Overall, the progress we’re making has been positive and very exciting for our company, as we continue to hit new goals and milestones for the portfolio and the Signature Series assets. I will now pass it off to Glenn for a look into the financial results for the quarter.
Ross Cooper: Yes. So on the payless the one thing we will be anticipating or we will be facing in Q3 is about 10 basis point impact on the remaining 19 Paylesses to vacate this quarter. Obviously, again, we’ve been prepared for that. So we’re in the process of backfilling and pre-leasing those spaces themselves. So on the small shop side, you’ll continue to see a bit of an ebb and flow. But to Glenn’s point, there’s upside, Dress Barn, as we already mentioned, could be another potential headwind for 2020, but we have a fairly long runway right now to address that. So all in all, we feel very good about the environment that we’re in. The quality of our standards are really shining through as it relates to this activity.
Ross Cooper: Yes, yes. Move-ins started July 1 once we got the TCO, so that will allow people to start moving in and they’ll continue obviously now through the end of the year. Really, at this point, what’s an interesting problem that we have is due to the velocity of the leasing at Pentagon, it’s actually accommodating all the move-in requirements day-in and day-out. It becomes very, very busy and very active, but it’s a good problem to have. So we’re willing to take on that challenge. We have already started.
Conor Flynn: Hey, Christy. Yes, we have been pleased with the stock price performance so far this year, but we still trade at a discount to NAV. We’ve been looking at that carefully as we go forward and think we have some major milestones to hit this year to really execute on the 2020 Vision. We have the funding in place from our dispositions for our redevelopment and development pipeline this year and no real debt maturities. So we continue to think that as we execute, we’ll be rewarded, and hopefully our share price continues to trade closer to and hopefully above NAV. There is still pretty significant disconnect between where we trade and where assets are trading in the private market today.
Conor Flynn: That’s correct, Craig. We still are on track to deliver $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI. We’re comfortable with that range. And as you’ve seen our projects and you’ve been on site on a few, we continue to be enthusiastic that the Signature Series pipeline is really delivering.
Conor Flynn: I think it can be significant. I mean, we’re in the early days of the retailers implementing it, some of the larger, the first movers are adapting quicker. But when you look at what’s happening with e-tailers coming in and partnering with physical brick-and-mortar retailers, I think, there’s a lot that can happen where the last-mile distribution hub becomes the shopping center. And when you think about all the different types of retailers that sit in a shopping center today, it really lends itself for being that, that most convenient point of either pickup or delivery. So we’re watching it closely. We continue to think that that’s what’s going to work in the long-term for retail and have been reinvesting in those assets.
Conor Flynn: Jeremy, it’s 13 locations, 16 basis points. So we feel pretty comfortable with being able to pre-lease some of those before the end of the year, hit the ground running.
Conor Flynn: Yes, sure. Forever 21, we had very limited impact exposure at Forever 21. We have one out in California and then we do have a lease that we did sign with Forever 21 at any point back in 2017. What we’re seeing thus far is actually what we have in place, especially the one at Dania is the position that they probably want to be in going for smaller and box size in the open air environment, lifestyle environment, which could be advantageous. As it relates to that in our conversations with them, they’re actually fully under construction and anticipate opening into the back-half of this year. So nothing’s changed there. The one we have in – out in California is one that’s actually expiring with a significant below-market opportunity So we’re actually very enthusiastic about getting that one back when that lease rolls.
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at our opportunities going forward, you’re right, they are numerous. And what we’ve elected to do for our shareholders is to entitle as many projects as possible. I think that really starts the process of unlocking the potential of the asset. And then we look at each asset individually about how do we fund it and how do we look at the economics of supply and demand where our cost of capital sits before we hit the go button. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are taking the approach of using ground leases for a number of our multifamily opportunities, that allows us to get the benefit of having residents live on-site to get a cap rate compression of adding a mixed use component to the entire NOI stream. And on – and we’re going to continue to monitor where we trade versus our NAV, and we do have funding sources from our dispositions that are matching up with our needs. So right now, we feel like we have a very comfortable position. We have been talking to our partners about opportunities and mixed use, and there’s no lack of capital for multifamily development right now. So that is something that we’ve seen and we continue to monitor to see what’s the best use of our funds, as well as matching up with the right partners.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Well, first off, in terms of the operations of our Puerto Rico portfolio, I can tell you that it’s been well above expectations. We continue to see occupancy actually increasing and the performance of our tenants are doing very well. So the Puerto Rican centers are doing fairly well. To your point, there have not been any real transaction activity that we’ve seen. We have stayed in touch with the market and lenders, while our assets are unencumbered. We do believe that there is financing available for assets in Puerto Rico. We have heard of equity sources that have been looking in Puerto Rico. But we’re very comfortable with our portfolio with where we sit today. So we’ll continue to manage that the best we can and continue to track the market if any activity starts to stir up there.
Conor Flynn: We’re very pleased with Albertsons results. So when you look at their performance and the positive same-store sales, they really set out some significant milestones that hit this year, and that hit all the ones that they’ve laid out. Ray, you want to comment a little bit on the bonds and what we [Multiple Speakers]
Conor Flynn: Sure. What we see right now on our box activity going forward and into the back-half of this year is very encouraging. So I think we could continue to see the potentially the lease economic occupancy actually widen a little bit further, in which case, so that would create new opportunities for rent flows in the back-half of 2020 and then going into 2021. As it relates to this year, in particular for the second-half the year, for those that are forecasted to actually start rent flowing on an annualized basis, it’s about $16 million of cash flow. And for the back-half of this year, we expect about $4 million of that to hit 2019 alone. So we feel very good about where we stand today.
Conor Flynn: Yes, each of those have their own story that we watch closely and we stress test our same-site and our guidance in our budgets constantly to understand what the total impact could be. So whenever we go through our budget process, we’re constantly stress testing what’s worst case, what’s best case. The way we treat these is truly a case-by-case basis and lease-by-lease and really is supply demand. And within that, it’s something that we have to constantly monitor and be proactive about. But we stay very close to the retailers, very closely expanding retailers to make sure that we manage it appropriately.
Conor Flynn: One other thing to keep in mind is those non-comparable leases obviously have been vacant for an extended period of time. So it’s nice to see some significant activity in some of those boxes that have been sitting vacant for an extended period.
Conor Flynn: Downsizing has not been something we have been seeing across the portfolio. When you look back at some of the retailers that have gone through a downsizing, you look at what Best Buy did back in the day of trying to take their box from 45,000 square feet down to 30,000 square feet. And then they quickly realized that the disruption that occurs inside the box doesn’t justify the cost, as well as the repositioning, and they don’t see any pickup in sales in terms of productivity. So a lot of what we’ve seen actually is retailers that theoretically want to downsize have come back and said, “You know what, we’re better off in our existing box”. So 45,000 square feet actually works. And now Best Buy even tells us that since they went with their stores in a store concept, they have over 90,000 square feet of demand from smaller retailers to come within their store. So we really haven’t seen any significant downsizing across the portfolio.
Conor Flynn: So Pentagon, obviously is an early days of lease up, but we have raised rents three times since we started the process and we’re very excited about the absorption rate. Lincoln has also been strong in terms of absorption. You see the occupancy on the supplemental tick up pretty significantly there. But the yields that we’ve projected have been holding. So it’s one that we continue to monitor as this lease up continues.
Conor Flynn: I think when you look back at that, that range that’s been consistent, because we’ve leased up really all of our Sports Authority and Toys“R”Us boxes and H. H. Gregg boxes that we’ve got back. So there’s a reason why it’s been elevated as we’ve been significant. We’ve done some significant leasing to backfill all those boxes to put us at all-time highs and occupancy. Going forward, that’s really something that we continue to monitor. It’s a very fluid environment. We feel good about our portfolio. We feel good about where we’re positioned. We feel good about the depth maturity profile and the liquidity position we have. But it’s really going to be something we monitor going forward as you’ve heard from a number of the retailers that they are trying to transition to the new world of retail and some will be able to and some will not be able to. But we feel like portfolio has positioned to outperform.
Conor Flynn: Yes, I still think the sweet spot for the majority of the private investor is in that $25 million to $30 million range. But it’s been encouraging to see a number of examples of $50-plus million, $70-plus million single assets that have had strong demand. I think that part of it is specific to the asset and the retailer sales and the dynamics of what’s happening in that market, a big part of it continues to be the availability of financing and with rates even lower than we started the year. It gives a very nice spread for the levered buyer. So I think there’s a very strong comfort level in the open air space and we’ve seen the investors willing to pay for that. Portfolios, as I mentioned, this was sort of the first sizable portfolio we’ve seen in a little bit of time. But we continue to hear about capital formations looking for more sizable portfolios of retail, so we’ll have to continue to monitor the market and see how that goes.
Conor Flynn: Yes, that’s a good point. I mean, we have raised same-store NOI guidance two times this year as the environment has improved. We originally anticipated more fallout and we seem to experience more demand, so we continue to monitor that. But if you look at the math in terms of how much the same-site impact FFO, really hasn’t changed that much. And so we still feel very comfortable with our FFO guidance range for the year. We are going to be monitoring that as we go into the second-half of the year. And as the dynamics continue to be on the path we are on, we feel very comfortable with the range we have.
Conor Flynn: Yes, sure. We’re very comfortable in the higher-end of that range. Given the size of the volume that we’re doing this year, which is significantly more modest than years past. A couple of deals, timing delays can change sort of the front-loading versus the back-loading. So we’re in very good shape with where we’re at through the first-half of the year, or one or two assets that we thought could close in June, that would have been part of that first-half that got pushed 30 or 45 days, but are still on track to close here at the end of this month and into the beginning of August. We have a couple of closings in the next few weeks. So we feel very comfortable with that range. And again, at the higher-end of that range. So no material changes in any activity or the types of assets we’re selling. It really just comes down to timing.
Conor Flynn: Just to be clear, we have $2 million square feet of additional entitlements already secured at the site. And so that’s for another tower of apartments and then a hotel tower and then an office tower. And so the near-term opportunity is to activate a parking lot for the second tower residential.
Conor Flynn: Kimco has been a consolidator. We’ve bought five public companies, and we’re obviously very large. I think when you look at our stock today, we still trade at a meaningful discount to NAV. And so when you look at the milestones that we intend to hit to help our stock, I mean, we still have a lot of work to do and we have a lot of execution to take care of. And if we get to a point where our stock comes back and we have a cost of capital that’s advantageous. We would look at further improving our 2020 Vision, which is really focusing on our core markets, understanding where we have boots on the ground and efficiencies of scale. I think the last thing you would see us do is run back into the markets that we’ve taken the last few years to exit. And so we’re going to be very disciplined and we recognize that we’ve got a lot of work to do. But we’ve been executing and continue to do so going forward.
Conor Flynn: I think it’s a reflection of the strength of the consumer. I mean, when you look at where we sit today and how strong the consumer is, the mom-and-pops have been – we’re at –we’re sitting at near all-time highs for small shop occupancy, and the mom-and-pop has been a big player that.
Conor Flynn: We are monitoring it. I think it’s something that continues to evolve, along with Click & Collect. That is sort of the next wave of, I think, pilots of how they’re going to be delivering more effectively in dense markets across the country. Right now, what we see in our grocery portfolio is a lot of groceries either typically use Instacart, or some of them have brought it in-house to boost their loyalty program. We continue to think that the store is actually, as I mentioned in my earlier comments and what Target has seen, a more effective and more cost-efficient structure. But again, we’re monitoring that closely to see what changes and how that relationship evolves.
Conor Flynn: I will add that, our apartment manager there who manages thousands of units has not seen demand like this before in his experience.
Glenn Gary Cohen: So in terms of Dress Barn, there’s really nothing that’s baked in into the 2019 number. Their plan right now is to operate the stores and pay rent through the end of the year. So there’s no real impact to that. In terms of the highs and lows, again, we are continuing to watch and be careful about what’s happening in the retail environment. So, again, watching with the impact of tenants and any further fallout will hit the low-end of the range, again, the leased up and the continued rent commencement is coming online helps us towards the higher-end of that range.
Glenn Gary Cohen: So on an annualized basis, the Dress Barn impact on AVR is about 16 basis points. It would have an impact on small shop occupancy, it could be up to 42 basis points. So that’s something that we want to be mindful of. That said, what we’re seeing is great opportunities already with the backfills. And so what this does is, it always gives us an opportunity to pre-lease these boxes prior to us recapturing them and knowing that this has been an event that’s been forthcoming for sometime. We had a fairly substantial runway in terms of managing the fallout and then pre-leasing. So I think when we come towards the end of the year and into 2020, we should be in pretty good shape with new leases in place.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I guess, first, take a step back and – your comment about FFO growth. When you look at the accounting change and the impact it’s had to the this year versus last year, if you back that out, actually, we’re actually showing growth. So that will take that point and address it. On the developments and redevelopments that are coming online, we do believe that that’s really what’s driving the FFO growth for us in a year, where we are dealing with a billion dollars of dilution from last year. And so when you combine the combination of the core portfolio producing the results that we’ve done so far this year and the developments and redevelopments coming online that $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI this year, and then 2020, we have another $15 million coming online, we feel like we’re in really good shape, because it’s very visible growth. And that’s really what puts our EBITDA and our FFO on a growth path that we feel very comfortable with. And that really brings down our leverage and improves our AFFO coverage ratio.
Glenn Gary Cohen: There’s still clearly some upside in the small shop occupancy. I mean, we’re at 90.5%. We have leased up that’s got to get done on the Paylesses that have vacated and there’s more – with the balances of the Paylesses are going to vacate in the third quarter.
Glenn Gary Cohen: This is an incredible demand environment that we’re in right now. When you look at the the vacancies that we currently have in our portfolio and the activity that we have on them, it’s really encouraging to see the different sectors, really there’s a dynamic across multiple sectors, it’s not concentrated in just one retail sector, which is exciting.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I think one of the examples I always point to is the Sears Kmart experience that we saw, we only got two locations back. So we only – we have 11 remaining. And the reason for that is, because we have great locations with below-market leases. So even when a tenant goes through a restructuring, they typically want to hold on to the locations that give them the best opportunity for sales growth. And so we’ve been seeing that the stickiness of our leases is actually pretty strong.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure. The difference between comparable and non-comparable is the timing when the prior tenant vacated. So we have a 16-month window between non-comparable and comparable. For example, if the lease went out six months ago and you backfill that lease within that window, it would then be comparable. On the other side, if it went out 18 to 24 months ago and then we just backfilled it today, that would be deemed non-comparable.
Glenn Gary Cohen: It varies. I mean, it’s such a case-by-case basis. So it’s really hard. The reason why we have comparable leases is, because it’s more of an apples-to-apples comparison about a true newly spread – renewal spread versus what a non-comparable is.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I think the only other item I would add as well is that, you are seeing other retailers come out with different formats. So in terms of floor plates, a smaller format to a mid-sized format to accommodate the size of the boxes. So they themselves have become very creative in adapting to what the current environment is, because they still want the best locations and the best real estate. And so they understand at that point that they have to make those accommodations as well.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Yes. So on a mixed-use portfolio with a multifamily, we’re typically targeting around a 6 to 6.5 yield on those two projects and we feel good about that.
Glenn Gary Cohen: No, across the country, demand is extremely high. I mean, we’ve seen contributions from all four of our regions really at top levels. And it truly does vary in terms use, as Conor mentioned earlier. It’s fairly dynamic out there right now. So you’re seeing grocery expansion, you’re seeing home furnishing expansion, a home improvement expansion, fitness. So a lot of the categories that we – we’ve been discussing before continue to ramp and look for the best real estate. Obviously, experience, experiential continues to be a main focus, and whether that’s in a target box or a brand new e-tailer that’s coming into brick-and-mortar. Everyone’s really focused on how to attract that customer and make their experience unique.
Glenn Gary Cohen: It’s Glenn. Hi, Mike. The short answer is, we have to pay a lot of prepayment penalties to go along with that and a lot of that debt came from acquisitions. So there you have these above the below-market debt components that go to it. So there’s no real advantage to paying with prepayment penalties today. There’s not really a lot of debt maturing. We only have $100 million of mortgage debt that matures next year on the consolidated balance sheet and a lot of the debt that’s in the joint ventures for next year. A good portion of it is in our KIR portfolio and there’s a credit facility that’s in place to take those out and actually unencumbered those assets.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure. We’re going through currently the permitting process for the second tower, which should be on the backside of Pentagon, that right now could be approximately 250 units, residential units, so that’d be our near-term opportunity that we could look to activate now. We have to go through the permitting and the bid process, in which case, then we’ll assess what the value potential is there. Obviously, what’s been so encouraging about the Witmer, which is the first hour at Pentagon is although the announcement for Amazon has occurred to date, there’s been no Amazon employees actually occupying our building. So, as Conor mentioned, we’re at 46% as of the end of – at the end of June. But that’s really not taken into consideration any future influence or impact on the demand from Amazon employee. So then when you look out two, three years by the second tower we push that forward, obviously, that will be a time in which Amazon starting to take some effect into the market. And so we can feel very good about that potential.
Glenn Gary Cohen: So far, we’ve used 30 basis points of 100 basis points through the first six months. And we’re a little bit better than where we were last year.
Glenn Gary Cohen: The – when you look at the small shop occupancy, when you less out the impact of what Payless was, we’re pretty much on trend to where we thought we’d be in holding those small shop occupancy steady or slightly increasing. So I think that is evidence to the strength of the mom-and-pop retailer right now. Obviously, the franchise model over the last eight years out of the recession has created a really good opportunity for mom-and-pop retailers to take an existing business and expand it and really focus on day-to-day operations. So I think that’s proven itself out well.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I think when we look at our cost of capital today and the best use of funds, we continue to think that redevelopment is the best use today. Obviously, we bought back stock previously when we’re trading at a meaningful discount to NAV, but we’ll continue to monitor where we trade and continue to look at where our dispositions are trading and we can match fund accordingly. So we feel pretty good about where we sit today.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure, yes. On the rent side, we’re typically around at blended average of about $3.24 on the units. As it relates to stabilization, we’d always forecasted 18 to 24 months. So we’re going to maintain that for now, obviously, we’re ahead of plan. We are in a high season of leasing. So we anticipated to have a slightly higher volume today than what would happen sort of late fall into winter. So before we make any adjustments, we want to maintain our budget and our plan and we’ll see how we trend through the balance of the year.
