David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. And it’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make certain reference to some non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. With that, I’ll turn the call to Conor.
David Bujnicki: Yes, sure. No problem. Appreciate the question. So, as we went through Q3 and looking ahead into Q4, we are starting to see a healthy improvement in the deal pipeline and the volume of new activity. As Conor mentioned in his prepared remarks, we anticipate that the anchor well capitalized tenants will be the front-runners in that expansion. They’re utilizing this opportunity, similar to the Great Recession, to expand their market share, upgrade the quality of their portfolio. And really double down in locations where they’ve seen great production and realizing as well that being closer to the customer is a value to them. And so we have seen that with off-price, we have seen that with grocery. Ironically, actually, discount, lower cost fitness has taken this opportunity despite the distress of that sector to look at opportunities to expand as well. On a geographic basis, it’s pretty well evenly spread. We have seen both the Northeast, the South and the West Coast start to really accelerate their deal flow even on the small shop side with the well-capitalized tenants, the corporate tenants and some of the franchisees that are looking to expand. So it’s pretty well balanced. As it relates to spreads, it’s always a quarter-by-quarter item related to which deals qualify for comp spreads. So you’re always going to see some movement related to that. And a spread number could be driven by 1 or 2 individual deals, either up or down. So – but generally speaking, when we look out and we saw the high levels of retention this past quarter as well between renewals and options, which are very much in line with our historic rates, we felt really confident that the quality of our portfolio is clearly a benefit to these retailers. Again, this is the opportunity where a retailer has a choice. They can either renew, exercise or option or look elsewhere. And fortunately, they’ve chosen to stay. And they say that when you look at our spreads related to renewals and options, they’re in the high single digits, which is sort of the high watermark of our historic trends as well. So we’re cautiously optimistic and encouraged by the activity, but we have to stay extremely focused and be out in front with these retailers to ensure that we’re part of their expansion plans.
David Bujnicki: Yes. So in terms of the conversion of the boxes, it varies case by case and what the needs are. For example, the Lidls and the Aldis of the world are targeting a smaller footprint. Sprouts, in the not too distant path, had modified their footprint from 30 down to sort of that mid-20 range. But they’re still being very aggressive in looking at anything within that square foot category. So they can grab market share and be flexible and adapt to the needs of the customer. And then when you go into the larger-sized formats, you talk about the Krogers, the Albertsons of the world, and what they’re doing, they’re still very much in that larger format, the 40,000 to 60,000 square foot range, dependent on the brand. And they’re really accelerating the use of distribution and fulfillment out of the store. So in terms of having to modify the shopping center to accommodate those needs, there’s not a massive change or transformation in the dialogue because we’re able to accommodate curbside today as we were yesterday. There may be some modifications to expansion or contraction of the footprint depending on the grocery themselves. In terms of deal structure, it can vary between a ground lease scenario, lower rent, lower cost to something that’s more capital intensive. And we just look at the economics to determine what makes the most sense. But I wouldn’t say there’s been anything that’s been materially different aside from just obviously the growing demand. And when you think of the grocers, to their benefit, they’ve had this surplus of cash that they’ve received as a result of COVID and the necessity of grocery and the stay at home trend. And so fortunately, they’re able to now to use that cash surplus and really make the investments that they were either targeting and now can pull forward or they’re already planning to do and just continue to strengthen their position in the market and the service offering to the customer.
David Bujnicki: Alright. So yes. In terms of the open accounts, it is within the categories that you could probably expect: restaurants, theater, some fitness, entertainment, etcetera. So we continue to work through those individuals and helping them structure a program lease modification program that works for them and works for us as well. But there is also a sizable amount that’s related to outstanding billings, and real estate taxes. And a good majority of that is typically tied to your larger national tenants that have a period of time in which they do a review, ask questions, and then eventually, it’s reconciled and paid. And that could lag up to 60 days or so on average. So you would see that there are some of those account – open account items that would fall into that category.
David Bujnicki: Yes, yes. Great question. Glad you actually asked it. So our historic average on collections is actually never really 100%. It’s around 95%. So when you think about where we are today, in that 90% to 91% range, we are not that far off from what we have historically collected and what we anticipate collecting, when you use 95% as really your ceiling. So there’s always a component of there that’s outstanding, that’s in dispute or may not be collected as a result. So when you put that back into context, you started to get a sense. We are getting fairly close. We are not – to where our historic norms were.
David Bujnicki: Yes, Floris. It’s David Bujnicki. The billable amounts have not changed dramatically from the first quarter to where it is now. If anything, it may be because of rent fallout from some of the tenant bankruptcies. But outside that, if you try to get back to that denominated change, it really hasn’t changed much at all, because even our cash based tenants, as we have increased them, we still accrue that rent and show us a billable piece, and then we take it as part of the reserve. That have not during the quarter.
David Bujnicki: Good question. So on the anchor space side, the Stein Marts had filed, and we’re going to see that fall out this quarter. That’s very well in line with a lot of the off-price and the grocer activity that we’re starting to see in the market. In the mid shop size, that 8,000 to 12,000 range, you’re seeing the likes of five Below, Alta and others that are actively expanding, including the Dollar stores. So that is a bright spot and encouraging. On the small shop side, we will start to see – again, the recovery on the small shops will be more prolonged, a little bit slower, but when you see service-oriented tenants, medical, health care, that’s a growing category that fits well in the small shops, as well as some of the very well capitalized quick service fast food restaurant opportunities as well. I mean, they’re seeing opportunities here to expand their footprint. So that’s where we are seeing the alignment that works out well. And – but it’s – I’d say the inventory is fairly consistent to what we have seen historically. It’s just right now, we’re obviously seeing more of it in a shorter period and I think though, fortunately, we will start to see, because of the higher quality, we’ll see that absorption accelerate pretty quickly as we move into ‘21 and ‘22.
David Bujnicki: It varies case by case, the orientation of the box, depth of the box, how much store frontage there is. Does it make sense for a retailer to stretch a little bit to take the whole box to make the economics more favorable or do we have an opportunity where we can split and put into smaller shop tenants that work well? So it’s hard to suggest one way or the other. It’s always a unit-by-unit assessment to what works best. But as I mentioned earlier, there are tenants that are of high-quality and good credit that have interest in those sizes, which is encouraging.
David Bujnicki: Great. We just want to thank everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder, our supplemental and our investor presentation is posted to the IR website. Thank you very much, and enjoy the rest of your day.
Ross Cooper: Thank you and good morning. Following up on Conor’s commentary, we continue to see aggressive pricing for high-quality, primarily grocery-anchored product, albeit at a much lower transaction volume. Multiple trades occurred in the third quarter throughout the country at sub minus 6% cap rates in Pennsylvania, Northern California and Florida, with another high-quality asset trading in Los Angeles at a sub-5% cap rate. For the right location and tenancy, there is still strong demand and an abundance of capital available. The biggest impediment to deal volume is the continued pullback in the market from the traditional lending sources. With cash flow uncertainty and general concerns stemming from the pandemic, it has never been more important to have strong sponsorship, quality tenancy and substantial liquidity. And as Conor alluded to, we see that as a tremendous differentiator and opportunity for Kimco. With our cost of capital elevated and institutional quality property cap rates remaining at all-time lows, there is a clear disconnect between public and private pricing, making it difficult for us to identify and acquire traditional retail centers accretively. So for now, we will continue to remain disciplined. However, we do expect the pricing dislocation to eventually change. And when it does, we will be opportunistic where we can invest capital at a spread to our cost, while getting our foot in the door on prime locations that match our view of quality and downside protection. While the traditional acquisition market remains stalled, we are seeing and evaluating opportunities to provide either preferred equity or mezzanine financing on infill core MSA locations with strong tenancy and existing sponsorship. These owners need value-add capital to either redevelop the asset with signed replacement leases in place or bridge the gap on refinancing an asset that has a near-term debt maturity. Historically, this would have quickly and easily been funded by traditional lenders or CMBS. In this environment, finding that additional financing is not as easy, and we have sourced a few great assets where we can provide assistance. As part of our investment approach in this area, we seek a right of first offer or right of first refusal in the event the owner looks to sell the property. If the asset performs as expected, we collect a double-digit return and get paid off in a relatively short hold period. If the downside scenario occurs, we ensure that we have conservatively underwritten the properties so that we’re very confident stepping in and owning or operating the asset at a comfortable basis of less than 85% current loan-to-value. Given current market conditions and the expectation that it will remain this way into 2021, we anticipate this deal structure will become a key component of our investment strategy next year. While the instances of these deals are still infrequent as we sit here today, our expectation is that the opportunity set will substantially increase into next year, as lenders start to realistically assess their existing collateral and prepare to take necessary impairments on their balance sheets. As always, we will be judicious with our capital and selective with how we deploy it. That said, we do believe this program can unlock attractive yields and potentially add desirable properties to the future Kimco portfolio. With that, I will pass it along to Glenn for the financial summary.
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, absolutely. And what we’ve seen thus far, there’s certainly no one-size-fits-all. These deals are all a bit unique with various dynamics that are occurring. The few deals that we’ve seen that we’re working on currently do have a majority of that double-digit return that is paid current. And there is plenty of cash flow currently within those assets to support that with the remainder that will accrue and be paid pick. When we look at these deals and why the borrowers or the partners are willing to pay that return is really because they’re not in a position where they need to or really want to sell the asset today. It is much more challenging to negotiate an acquisition price and see the capitulation between buyer and seller to acquire the site outright versus them expressing a willingness to pay a somewhat elevated interest rate on a small piece of the capital stack that they view to be short-term. And as I mentioned in many of these cases, it’s for a very specific purpose. So one of the transactions that we’re working on right now is a former Sears Box, where there’s $25 million of capital needed to redevelop that part of the property with executed leases with TJ Max Burlington and 5 Below. Now historically, that would have been funded by a construction loan at a relatively inexpensive rate. Today, it’s much more challenging for the borrower to find that. So they’re willing to pay a double-digit interest rate for that redevelopment because the value creation that will occur once that’s completed is far in excess of the short-term high interest rate payment that they have to pay to us. So that’s just one example of where we are seeing it. Another example is on a very high-quality asset that was just recently constructed, urban location, New York metro. And there is a construction loan that once it was put in place was at a much more comfortable LTV than what the lender believes it is today. So as that construction debt is maturing, we’re coming in with a $10 million to $12 million piece to bridge the gap between where the new permanent financing is coming in and where we can help them take out the rest of that construction loan. So again, it’s a asset that we understand to be extremely high quality, with tenancy that we know will perform in any part of the cycle or mid-pandemic, post pandemic. But just that additional capital to bridge the gap is not there in the environment today.
Ross Cooper: Yes. So you’re right, Alex, in terms of the collections, obviously, we’ve been encouraged by that. Heading into the winter months, obviously, creates some unique challenges, especially in the Northeast, that we’ll closely monitor. We’ve been very proactive with our restaurant base and other service-based tenants that have had to utilize some sort of outdoor facility to help offset the limited capacity indoors. But obviously, as winter sets in, we have to be observing on what happens there. We have a very good pulse on the tenant base that’s in our portfolio now. We obviously talk to them on a daily basis and keep very detailed records of their individual situations. So from a tenant disruption standpoint, a credit standpoint, a lot of what we’ve seen happened as a result of COVID were those that were already in distress, continued to fall into that category, the bankruptcies that were filed. They were anticipated at some point to occur. It just pulled, again, pulled that trend forward. So – and I think we’ve seen the lion’s share of that, and Ray can actually speak, I think, a little more detail about it. But what’s been encouraging is we’ve seen a lot of these companies are reemerging from bankruptcy with a stronger balance sheet, right? They’ve done debt-to-equity swaps and have come out with a reorganization plan that actually enables them to survive into the future. As we go into January, when you think about the next 6 months, historically speaking, we’ve typically seen another dip in occupancy in Q1, which happened as a result of post-holiday fallout. That’s typical. That’s normal. So we’d anticipate that to occur. And then as we get through Q1 and sort of emerge into Q2 ‘21, I think we start to see the plateauing effect and the growth opportunity there, coupled with, obviously, the continued growth in our new deal pipeline. So that’s right, I think we start to see ‘21 emerge.
Ross Cooper: Hey, Craig, great question. I tried to answer it a little bit in the previous question at the end there. We anticipate, again, just based on historic norms, that you’ll see probably another dip into Q1 as a result of the post holiday hangover and what happens usually in our portfolio. And then as you move out of Q1 and blend into Q2 and then through the balance of ‘21, I think you’ll start to see that recovery mechanism occur, both from a reduction in the vacates, but more importantly, an increase in demand of the space to offset. So – and just to put it in context, too. So a lot of – the majority – the vast majority of the vacancy that we’ve seen has been a result of these bankruptcies that were on edge pre-COVID already. So it just again tipped the scales that much further. And so fortunately, the balance of the portfolio, all of these small shop tenants are grinding it out every day. And we’re here to support them, and we actively reach out to them to make sure that they have the tools necessary to come out the other side. But that’s – so we expect probably a little bit of a further decline before it starts to ramp again.
Ross Cooper: Great question. It really depends on the scale in which someone is trying to achieve that. So if you’re just reallocating some of your square footage within your 4 walls, but you’re predominantly still a retail in nature and functioning as you were prior to this enhancement of your box, most likely not. It’s just a matter of reallocation of space. If you’re doing a full micro fulfillment center, 15,000 to 20,000 square feet, that may require a use variance or some other means in which you’d have to go to the city and the town to have that as an accepted use, two very, very different stories there and strategy. So right now, I’d say we’re talking more about the former, where retailers are just repurposing some of their square footage to meet this demand, but it’s not a total reinvention of space.
Ross Cooper: I mean, you know as well as I do, Amazon is trying a whole bunch of stuff in a whole bunch of markets, and they’ll continue to run the trial and error to see what sticks and what works best. So it really just depends on what they’re doing at any given point in time. I mean we all know that they have multiple different brick-and-mortar verticals right now that they’re exploring. So if it’s more the sort of the traditional grocery use, then that’s a grocery use, if it’s something that’s more expansive in terms of distribution, then maybe. But it’s really case by case, independent on the municipality and the existing zoning that’s already in place for the center.
Ross Cooper: Just one last piece, Haendel. This dispositions really are not a major player to how we think about the dividend. And in a lot of cases in the past, many of the dispositions that we did were really done as 1031 exchanges to kind of shelter the taxable income that went with them. So that really does not play a whole lot into how we think about the dividend. It is really about cash flow and generating as much free cash flow as we can.
Ross Cooper: Yes. Currently, we are doing it on balance sheet. As I mentioned, there’s only a couple of relatively small deals in nature. Depending on the size of the opportunity set as we round the corner into ‘21, we could consider alternative structures. We have had the ongoing dialogue with several potential investors that would love to invest alongside us. We have not made any commitments to do that. So right now, we are doing it sort of on a one-off internal basis. And then depending on how much activity we see, we can always look to outside capital sources.
Ross Cooper: I mean that is essentially the update there. We’ve had lots of conversations with capital providers that want to take advantage of our plus business, the preferred equity and mezzanine financing being the current sort of applicable program for that plus business. So again, we haven’t made any formal commitment to any outside capital sources, but we have plenty that are sort of on the sidelines waiting to see if we’re ready to bring them in or not.
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean I think as it relates to M&A, it’s always a bit tricky. We have done it five different times in the past in the company’s history. We continue to stay very focused for – Kimco purposes on location, geographic quality, etcetera. So the discipline will remain there. We will continue to monitor the landscape, but it’s a very challenging environment for that. Particularly when you look at, as I mentioned, the landscape in terms of financing, it makes it very challenging for any sort of privatization in the market as well. So while it looks like the opportunity could be right just based upon the discount to NAV, it still becomes a very challenging endeavor that we will see how things play out as we round into ‘21 with some of the companies out there.
Glenn Cohen: Rich, it’s Glenn. I mean, clearly, during the third quarter, you have rent collections that are much higher than where they were during the second quarter and you have a much lower reserve number. The reserve number is over $10 less. There is also some – there are some timing things that come into play also, the timing of when you’re paying bonds and things like that. So you have payables, and that move around a little bit. But the bulk of the increase is really driven by really the rent collection increase.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. 87% of what we billed, so the deferrals that we billed in October, 87% of those deferrals have been paid.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. And if you – it’s Glenn again, if you think about what you have seen, right? We had $0.37 of FFO in the first quarter. That was relatively a normal quarter where we were. Obviously, the second quarter was the hardest hit. We were at $0.24. And if you think about the third quarter, if you take out the onetime charges of the severance and the early repayment of the debt, we would really be at $0.29. So you are seeing that ramp. And it really has to do with the fact that rent collections are improving and reserves are decreasing. So if the trend continues into the fourth quarter, we expect to see further improvement from there.
Glenn Cohen: So let me try and answer it a little bit. I tried to address it in my prepared comments. If you think about where we are, collections have certainly improved. If you look at where – what we’ve reserved so far. So we reserved – when we think about our total outstanding receivables, 39% of that number has been reserved. Again, if collections continue to improve, if it’s going to be somewhere in this low 90s range, then we would expect reserves in the fourth quarter would be less than what they were in the third quarter. So again, as we were saying earlier, we are seeing improvement. But again, it is premised on the fact that rent collections continue and that we don’t have another round of shutdowns. In addition, we have started to build some of the deferrals and the deferral collection, as I mentioned, was 87% for what we billed in October. So, if that trend continues again, we think that’s another positive but it is going to depend on the rent collections.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add to – I think Conor covered most of it. But the way that we envision this program and given the, as you quoted, enviable liquidity position, we do believe that this program is still playing offense, albeit at a different way than we’ve done it historically. And the nice thing that we really like about this program and the differentiator for Kimco is the fact that, as I mentioned, there’s still an abundance of capital for the grocery-anchored institutional quality type assets. And given the fact that there’s still a lot of demand for that product with our elevated cost of capital, it makes that program extremely challenging. The differentiator for Kimco on the preferred equity and mezzanine program, mezzanine financing program that I mentioned, is that there are very few high-quality operators like Kimco that have the liquidity to play in that space. So when we find ourselves on these few examples that we’re working on going up against potential competition, it’s hedge funds, it’s more opportunistic debt platforms. So when Kimco steps in, with our track record and our ability to operate in the event that the downside scenario comes into play for the senior lender, they very much welcome Kimco’s participation. So we found it to be a very nice fit, while also hitting our elevated yield hurdles. So it’s a very nice balance that we think could be a great place for us to put out accretive capital in ‘21.
Glenn Cohen: In terms of trends, I look at sort of what retailers are doing today and sort of what does that lead us, how does that lead us into the future and what new opportunities will emerge as a result. To the credit of the retailers, they’re extremely innovative. They continue to see how the customer is changing, how their needs of their store format and footprint are changing. Obviously, we’ve talked about omni-channel for years now. So in our dialogues with the retailers, we’re just continuing to see that evolution play itself out, and what that’s creating our multiple store formats for grocery stores or off-price or others that are starting to appreciate the use of, say, micro fulfillment or distribution out of the store, trying to penetrate maybe more urban areas, so they’re shrinking the size of their footprint, but also then appreciating as a result of this online distribution that in some locations, they actually need to now expand the footprint. So the dialogue is pretty well balanced between optimizing it for efficiency and smaller to expansion or in larger to address this fundamental need. And so these are all trends that, again, they’ve been playing themselves out. I think COVID itself has just accelerated what was already in process. And so it pulled that forward by a few years. Curbside, for example, we’ve talked about for years. Overnight, it was a necessity, and we deployed it at over 300 centers to support that effort. So I think we’ll just continue to see the emergence of a lot of the trends that have been sort of in its infancy, continue to expand and grow. For us, that’s really encouraging, and that’s exciting to be part of that process. How do we continue to work with them, to innovate and change? And now more than ever, the retail partnership between us and them, and then the retailers to retailers is so important because we’re all servicing the same end customer, which is that shopper, and how to create the best experience for them.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think the word that really does come to mind, and Conor just said it, is discipline. We’re working on two of these deals right now. We’ve passed on dozens. So at the end of the day, it doesn’t differ from our core acquisition strategy in the sense that we are going to be very focused on the underlying real estate, very focused on the downside scenario. And if we have to come in and step in as an operator and own this, that we’re very comfortable having that become a part of the Kimco portfolio. It’s not a program to chase yield. It’s a program to get a very attractive yield, but get our foot in the door on high-quality real estate that we would be very comfortable and happy to own if that scenario played out.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Ki Bin, look, we set the dividend and reinstated it at the $0.10 level. First and foremost, we are going to focus on just making sure we attain our retaxable income requirements for 2020. And then as we roll up our budgets and look at cash flows for 2021, we want to establish really a set – a level set dividend that is sustainable and growable. And with that, we want to be somewhere around no greater than 80% of AFFO, probably a little less than that. But it’s also going to have to be managed with what retaxable income is. But in terms of target, it’s really in the 70% to 80% AFFO level.
Glenn Cohen: I would say no. I mean, you have to deal with reserves as they come along quarter-by-quarter. You can’t go ahead and put up general reserves for things that you think really happen out in the future. So no, I would say that we don’t have reserves built for 2021 at this point.
Glenn Cohen: And again, the Albertsons investment gives us lots of optionality about when we would want to monetize it and how best to use those proceeds. Again, we think about it primarily to try and reduce debt, although it is now an earning asset, which is helpful, but it gives us a lot of – again, it gives us a lot of optionality.
Glenn Cohen: Right. So to Dave’s point, the cash basis tenants during the third quarter, embedded in that $25.8 million reserve, there’s $17 million of reserve that relates specifically to the cash basis tenants. So if you think about that, if you didn’t have that accrual, you would have $8 million, $8.5 million of reserve, right? And we are just showing it gross up so that the denominator really hasn’t changed all that much. Again, your denominator is low the tenants that would fit the tenant fallout that you have from the bankruptcies.
Glenn Cohen: As far as the buyback, again, we are very, very focused on liquidity. We’re very focused on bringing our net debt-to-EBITDA levels down in this environment. Again, and we are still – us and everyone else, no one is fully out of the woods yet with this virus. I mean, today alone, you had a new – 100,000 new cases reported. So no one knows the full impact of what’s going to happen. And I think it’s prudent to just be very cautious at this point. So again, having liquidity is crucial. And until we have real clarity that we are moving back in the full right direction, I think it’s very important to just hold on to your liquidity.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. So we took, as I mentioned, Samir, about an $8.6 million charge during the quarter related to the voluntary retirement program that we offered, plus the merging of the 2 regions. It will probably have an impact going forward of about a $4 million, $5 million a year reduction in G&A. You’ll start seeing it towards the middle of the second quarter next year as everything winds down and it gets completed.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So on both of those points, our redevelopment and development pipeline is probably the lowest it’s been in about 5 years. So you have this burn-off of the cap interest. So we would expect next year, cap interest will probably be about half of what it was. So that’s probably around a $7 million less number next year. And then as I mentioned, we sold a pretty large portion of the preferred equity investments that we still hold. And so if you look at the balance sheet, you’ll see that we sold about 40% of those. And the recurring income on those would probably be about $4 million to $5 million less next year. So those 2 items account for about probably $12 million or so of less FFO going forward.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. No. It’s definitely a very specific undertaking that each organization takes. We have an extremely robust risk and underwriting group. And certainly, in this environment, you want to make sure that you’re protecting your downside. So I think it’s fairly common in this environment that buyers and anybody that’s evaluating cash flow is being very conservative. Looking at a space by space analysis, determine the credit, the actual tendency that you have in place, what type of services they perform or provide. And lots of buyers are structuring around that, whether it be looking for certain escrows or holdbacks. And there’s a variety of ways to skin the cat to ensure that you’re protected. But there’s no doubt that pegging the NOI that you’re capping today is the biggest challenge in terms of underwriting and getting comfortable. And frankly, that also, in addition to the lack of financing, is a big gap in the bid-ask between buyers and sellers, is coming to a determination and an understanding of what that appropriate NOI is today. It would be very difficult to specify what a decrease in value is pre and post pandemic. I would say what we’re clearly seeing is that the bid-ask spread is much more narrow for the essential based retail properties, grocery, home improvement being 2 categories that are still transacting at pretty close to pre-pandemic levels. And you’re seeing that widen out pretty significantly when you get outside of the essential based retail. So I think that it’s – where previously it was grocery versus power or core versus non-core. The analysis today is the percentage of income coming from essential based retail versus nonessential. And that’s really the biggest differentiating factor in underwriting today.
Glenn Cohen: There is. It’s very dependent upon the tenancy and the location of that power center. We did see one transaction occur last week. It was a grocery-anchored power center, but the grocer was a relatively small component of the property. And from my understanding, the buyer closed with 65% LTV interest-only debt at low 3% interest rates. So when you have the right tenancy, you can find that, but it is more challenging today than it’s been in the past.
Glenn Cohen: No, Vince. It really had to do a timing issue more than anything else. We deferred a bunch of cap projects in the early part of this year, especially with the pandemic, we are also holding off. So this is where – during this quarter, you saw a lot more of that coming through. Yes meaning on the recovery as well.
Conor Flynn: Yes, Rich, happy to. I think when you look at back in Q2 and what we talked about with our Board, the trajectory of how things could play out, and we gave a multiple different scenario to them, we feel that we are trending towards that A, B scenario versus the C, D scenario. And I continue to think where we’re trending in between the A, B, if you look at our collections and you look at the leasing volume and you look at the retention rate and the collection on deferrals, the collections on the portfolio. We’ve done a lot of work over the past few years to put ourselves in a position to be a high-quality owner to be a landlord of choice, and I think it’s starting to shine through on the portfolio metrics. And so there’s a lot of unknowns, obviously, still to come. But we feel like the trajectory is right about in between that A, B scenario that I mentioned before.
Conor Flynn: Yes, sure. I think one thing you have to remember is the lion’s share of our rents are fixed rents. So we don’t really have the percentage rent clauses that some of more of the mall type landlords would be accustomed to. So even though we are focused on helping our tenants maximize their sales within the 4 walls, even though we’d love for them to be able to count the omni-channel sales as part of the four-wall profits, which they are starting to do in many cases, we wouldn’t necessarily participate in that upside. It just gives more value to the lease that they have with us because they’re more profitable out of that box. And so what we have done is focused on curbside pickup, focused on making sure that they optimize their store that it becomes more of a fulfillment and distribution point. In our dialogue with them, we go through space by space within our portfolio and analyze which stores are already optimized and which ones need a reset to be able to fulfill and distribute from that store. And the nice part is the lion’s share of our anchor spaces have already optimized their stores. There are a few that are lagging a little bit behind. But the blueprint is out there, and that’s why we’re being very proactive and very aggressive talking to our retailers to make sure that they know that, as a landlord, we will co-invest with them to optimize those stores, making sure that they see what we’ve done on the curbside pickup program that we want them to do inside their four walls.
Conor Flynn: So our total deferrals during the third quarter, there’s a reserve of 29%. In terms of the 87% collection, again, I think we – it’s pretty much in line. We thought it’s probably right around where we thought it would be, maybe around 90%. And we’re not done. It’s just as we sit here today, that’s what we’ve collected so far. So it should improve a little bit further. But again, most of the tenants that we’ve provided those deferrals to were tenants we thought we would be able to collect from for the most part, large or high quality tenants. So that seems to be coming through here.
Conor Flynn: Sure. We can divide and conquer that question. I think there was a lot in there. So look, for – as we outlined earlier on our capital allocation strategy, we get our daily cost of capital, and obviously, our cost of capital is extremely elevated in this time. And it makes buying our traditional product type, our grocery-anchored shopping center in our top 20 mega markets almost off the table in many ways because it just doesn’t even come close to meeting our cost of capital requirements. So what we found is that there are opportunities to provide rescue capital or transformational capital where high-quality real estate is in the midst of a redevelopment or it’s in the midst of a refinancing of a construction cost coming out for permanent financing, and they don’t have the full vote to be able to cover the refinance. And so that’s where we can come in with some strategic capital to exceed our cost of capital and get our foot in the door if that asset were ever to trade. That’s where we see our unique set of investment opportunities in the near-term. We continue to prioritize leasing. We continue to think that, that is going to be number one, number two and number three for us as where our capital is going to go. We do have a tremendous amount of dry powder, but we want to make sure we are careful. We’re still not through the pandemic. I think today, we just hit over 100,000 cases. So we clearly recognize that we’re going to have an elevated amount of cash on the balance sheet going forward just to continue to give ourselves plenty of cushion. We pushed out our debt maturity profile, as Glenn mentioned. We continue to survey the landscape for opportunities. We have a lot of deep-pocketed investors that want to partner with us. And so we continue to monitor the situation, but recognize the fact that we have to batten down the hatches, lease like crazy, get our cash flow back to where we think it should be and then continue to mine for opportunities. As we’ve done in the past, when the tide goes out, we have been opportunistic. And there’s been a lot of kicking of the can by lenders, and we’re being patient to see when people start to face the music.
Conor Flynn: But the only thing I would add is that we are watching a pretty significant demographic and population shift out of the major metros to like that first and second ring, which is where our assets are located. So we are cognizant of the fact that some of it might be short-term, but I think a lot of it may be long-term, where we stand to benefit from the increase in population and migration. And I think that bodes well, not only for the retailer demand for our space, but also the redevelopment potential for our shopping centers long term. When we talk to our retailers, they are very clearly weighing their expansion plans to that first and second ring, which is where our portfolio is positioned. So I think we are positioned well for both the short-term and the long-term.
Conor Flynn: Yes. It’s a good question, Michael. So – and Dave can chime in as well on the leasing side. But on the 85% to 90% target over the next 5-plus years, it is a fixed portfolio, so we actually don’t have a disposition number in that. So it’s literally just leasing up 2 grocery stores on an asset that doesn’t currently have a grocery anchor. Obviously, if we do take on a little bit more dispositions in time of non-grocery anchored assets, that may boost it even further. But I was just looking at the existing portfolio today and wanted to know which of our assets lend themselves to grocery repositionings. And Dave and his team have outlined the path to get to that 85% to 90%. And then on the deals in the pipeline, Dave can give a bit more color on that.
Conor Flynn: Michael, it’s really too early to tell because we’re not sure the size of the opportunity set. And so what we’ve done is we’ve aligned ourselves with a number of partners that would like to align themselves with Kimco because of our underwriting and capabilities to manage the property in the worst case scenario. But we’re starting to see a drift in. We thought it actually would come sooner, but we’re being patient and we’re waiting for these opportunities. So for now, anyway, it’s sort of a case-by-case scenario where we’re being disciplined in looking at what could this look like. We’re not sure yet.
Conor Flynn: It’s a great question, Alex. I think when you look at the current portfolio of assets and you look at Kimco’s strategy going forward, you recognize how simplified the strategy is, how transformed the portfolio is. And that will continue to be really the lion’s share of the cash flow growth and where the execution is focused. Ross has been mentioning a pretty unique set of circumstances in time where we see an opportunity for Kimco to take advantage of the disruption. And we’ve always tried to be opportunistic investors in midst of disruption. And so the key for us and the differentiation between – in the past is we’re underwriting the real estate, that’s our core competency. We’re underwriting grocery anchored real estate in high barrier to entry markets that we feel would be a Tier 1 asset for Kimco for the long term. So it’s a way for us to get a foot in the door. It’s a way for us to invest accretively. And it gives us, I think, a unique set of circumstances to take advantage of the situation, but we know that these coupons are not long-term. These are real short-term opportunities because of a lack of liquidity. And we continue to focus long-term on our strategy of owning and operating, redeveloping and creating value, leasing like crazy on our Tier 1 portfolio going forward. But the investment strategy for this period of time with disruption, we think we’ve found a nice niche for us to create value, but it’s value on our core product, which is, I think, the key differentiator for us.
Conor Flynn: Craig, I think it’s a lot easier for retailers to not go through the rezoning process and to just repurpose portions of their stores to fulfill and distribute. And it’s a lot less capital-intensive as well. So we see that that being the lion’s share of what we are experiencing.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Ki Bin, I think you have seen our Board be very involved in the dialogue and the analysis of our cash flow, on the AFFO and what we want to do going forward. We want to be, as Glenn said, in a position of strength, where we have a lot of free cash flow after dividend, where we can reinvest and retain. And so we are in a position where you’re starting to see that free cash flow pretty significantly grow from where we are. And then we’ll monitor the REIT taxable income and make sure that the dividend is covering them.
Conor Flynn: But the only thing I would comment and add is that, clearly, we’re reserving against the tenants that are not performing and so if you’re not performing today and you’re struggling through to make it to the holiday season, you’re probably not going to make it post-holiday season. So that’s something I would add to that.
Conor Flynn: Yes. It’s a great question. I think our fundamental strategy is pretty consistent pre-COVID and post-COVID. And that is to make sure we have a rock-solid balance sheet, so a lower net debt to EBITDA, that gives us the ability to not only maintain our BBB+ Baa1 credit rating, which is a huge differentiator today. I’m sure you’ve been well aware that the difference between unsecured and secured borrowing today has never been wider in retail. And we believe that’s a big differentiator for us. So in the midst of the pandemic, obviously, the balance sheet is a critical focus and making sure that it is on the path to not only maintaining a strong BBB+ Baa 1, but hopefully putting us in a position of strength going forward to potentially see an upgrade there. FFO growth will be significantly important for us in 2021. There is no doubt about that. When you look at the leasing momentum we have, when you look at the ability for us to improve collections, the combination of those two with our cash flow growing, that is going to be what really grows the FFO for us in 2021. You got to remember, we did push out a lot of debt maturities, right? So we don’t really have a whole lot other than some mortgages coming due that we plan to pay off to really delever. So our growth profile is all about leasing. We have a couple of projects starting to come online as well from the Boliver and from Dania that will help grow our cash flow in ‘21, but it is all about the FFO growth for us, which is tied to our leasing momentum.
Conor Flynn: Sure. I will take the dividend piece of it, and Glenn and I will both combine on the Albertsons side of it. But we continue to monitor the dividend and think that monitoring our taxable income is the right approach, making sure that we have ample coverage and the ability to grow it over the long-term and start to generate some pretty significant free cash flow, which you are going to start to see at the end of ‘20 and into ‘21, which allows us to go and redeploy that capital accretively into the pipeline and into the redevelopment opportunities. We think that’s the right approach. We think that’s the way to really not only manage through the pandemic, but put us on a glide path for the future to be able to grow that dividend along with the AFFO growth from the portfolio. And then on the Albertsons side, we did mention we have over $550 million of the marketable security. It is in a lockout period, but it’s starting to pay a dividend. So we continue to think that that’s a wonderful investment for us both short-term and long term.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Again, Caitlin, we have a lot of optionality with it. As Ray mentioned, the first 25% doesn’t become unlocked until really the end of this year. So we don’t expect to do anything for the rest of this year. And then we will evaluate it as we go through 2021. Again, if there’s a good source for us to do something accretive, we would use that capital to do that, including debt paydown.
Conor Flynn: Samir, there’s two other real modeling things, as you keep in mind. One of them relates to cap interest burn off as our development and redevelopment projects have kind of scaled down, and the other is our equity and income from other real estate investments. Glenn, maybe you can give a little color on that.
Conor Flynn: There is also some expenses related to things we did around COVID that we needed to do as well. So that’s all factoring in. But as Glenn mentioned, for the year-to-date, we’re consistent with where we were last year.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey good morning. So Conor, you mentioned the Board earlier. And I guess a question I have is, as Kimco sent out a survey a few weeks back to the analyst community. And one of the questions I found most interesting was asking us to rank six key financial metrics by how we think the priority of them should be or how we perceive them: price to AFFO; price to FFO; price NAV; same-store NOI; dividend coverage; and debt to EBITDA. So I guess I am curious how you and perhaps the board are thinking about the prioritization of these metrics and how it informs how you run the business into 2021 and beyond. Thanks 
Haendel St. Juste: That’s great. Thank you for that. And second question is on I guess the dividend. I guess how does the lack of liquidity in the transaction market play a role in the dividend sizing and how you’re thinking about the dividend sizing? Historically, you guys have sold assets to fund redevelopment, pay down debt. And it looks like even net of the – I think you said $580 million of Albertsons stock, you have your pro forma leverage is still probably somewhere in the mid to high 60s next year. So maybe you could help perhaps with some thoughts on that. And then also remind us on the timing of the realization of the Albertsons capital. How much of that can you liquidate next year? Thanks.
Haendel St. Juste: Sure. No, I appreciate that. I was just curious about how the perhaps less potential sourcing liquidity overall in the market could play a role into how you view your sources and uses into the coming year. And then maybe, can you just clarify – I know there’s a certain timing mechanism tied to how much of the Albertsons capital stock you could sell over time. How much, theoretically? What proportion perhaps are you able to sell next year? Thank you.
