Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. Our strategy to be the premier owner and manager of retail properties as they continue to seize opportunities relating to retail real estate. And we have a long track record from this activity going back to any stores, Frank's Nursery, Venture Stores, Montgomery Wards, Strawbridge & Clothier, and most recently, Albertsons. Thus far, we have received cash proceeds of 5x our original investment in Albertsons and there is more to come.  In reviewing a large and diversified portfolio, I believe that we are relatively well positioned to face any economic headwinds. We are Home Depot's largest landlord with 45 locations. And principally, they are a ground blessing, what they have addressed it in the buildings, and we have leased the land to them. We are the largest landlord of Costco, where consumers are buying more and more.  We have over 140 TJX stores, 71 Ross stores, off-price retailers that are benefiting by the value-seeking consumer. By the way, last night, Costco, Ross stores and TJX reported excellent same-store sales. And I take comfort that our contract brands are below market in many instances. My own view is that if you own real estate, and it is leased and marketed or below. If you are in the real estate business, to the extent that rents are above markets, you were in the mezzanine lending business. We like the real state business better. The investors are looking for safety and yield and the demand to own hard assets in the United States is such that in my opinion, cap rates will decline.  Now this November is the 20th anniversary of our IPO, but in fact, we have been active in retail real estate for 30 years before that. We have been through many cycles of changes in the marketplace. And it's interesting to look back and reflect on our performance, compared to other asset class. The recent analysis showed that funds matured 6.1% from 1991 to 2010 on an annualized basis. Both had annual returns of 7.2% in the same period. The S&P, 507, 7.7% and oil 8%. The REIT index was up 10.5 annually, and I am proud and pleased that since our IPO in November '91, our annualized total return has been approximately 13%. We all work hard to continue to outperform. We have a great team that's committed to executing our strategy.  But I thank you and we're delighted to answer any questions you may have.
Milton Cooper: I just wanted to add one thing. Our population grows like 3 million a year. So close your eyes and visualize a city with no retail of 3 million people, and also visualize that there are no new malls being built. So where does that growth have to come from? Retailers of the non-mall sector. So you are bound to have enough growth just from that sector, so I think we will see both.
Milton Cooper: And to finish that off, Michael, that's why although we can't predict that future, one school of thought is just less about M&A and accumulation of assets, which needs to be carefully considered in the future environment where e-commerce becomes more prevalent, and maybe in our case more about diversity through international growth, continued to utilize the investment management model to gain better returns on an existing U.S. real state and again focusing on those top 200 properties that have the most organic growth. I think as we look at it today, that's basically the recipe for us as opposed to and after the cumulation of this core group of assets.
Milton Cooper: Well, you make a good point. In our case that we have a significant number of assets and the effect on our rents is -- and we started was only 10%, so really what that tells, Jim, is that a lot of this kind of first evolution is relatively insignificant properties that take a disproportionate amount of work and markets that we may not have much of a presence. So because of that, it has been somewhat of a one deal at a time as we pursue local operators. That's been the primary way to get this done.  We haven't made any decisions about exiting broad slacks of markets or in particular cities or things of that nature. That said, in addition to the one strategy, we have been entertaining a couple of scenarios whereby we will put in multiple properties into a package. We're evaluating a couple of those and pursuing with a couple of potential buyers. Again, it will be on a relative basis, it's small, because again we're only talking about properties that equate to 10%.  I think the message I'd like to bring out though is that, this for us is a first evolution of trying to remove some of the high end number but smaller impact type of properties. This notion of recycling and reconsideration of a particular property and long-term viability is going to be a continuous process for the company as we move forward. And what might be a property that's, because of the particular circumstances, we may consider strategic or in good shape, the changing dynamics of a given market or sub-market, may cause us to think differently in 2 years. So this will evolve and continue, but at this point, for stage 1, as I call it, we'll probably continue to be on a one-off or small package base.
Glenn G. Cohen: Can I take that one, it's the last bastion of financial data that I have in same-store NOI. So, yes, this quarter was affected to a slight degree by the Borders and A&P bankruptcies kind of a marginal effect. The straight-line rent receivable was really more the consequence of some of the sales that we had in the quarter. So those are really are the 2 drivers.  Bad debt, again a marginal improvement year-over-year and that's reflective of really where the economy and our experience has been. But as you know, historically, if you look at it, we're a very conservative posture on the development and establishment of the reserves. So we're not going to have any really wild fluctuation in our bad debt from period to period. We also had a pretty good comp when you look at last year. So you put all of those factors together, that was really the driver. There are a lot of small things with respect to the same-store NOI changes quarter-over-quarter, nothing that's of any headline though.
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, no problem. By the way, InTown Suites is like 20% FFO yield, not a 12% FFO. So to your point, it will have an impact when it does get sold and we have part of this preliminary budget, assume that it would get sold by the end of the second quarter. So it has -- that's part of why we have the variance in the range.  We put in some preliminary numbers such as monetizing roughly $200 million of the non-retail assets and they are earning assets. So they have an impact, we continue again the recycling programs. so we have estimated around $150 million of further sales, so the timing of those acquisitions and then the dispositions, they're going to come into play. I think the biggest driver, when you look at it, is what we expect to happen on our total retail shopping center portfolio.  In there, we see somewhere between 3% and 5% growth. And it's really going to come from the upside of leases that we've signed that haven't come on board. The continued lease-up of Mexico, and so we feel pretty good about where that's going to go. However, I will tell you, we have not finished all of our detailed property-by-property budgets, and that's where we'll be able to give a better indication about what same-site NOI growth will be, and where we really expect occupancy to be, however, we do feel that they will be positive.
Glenn G. Cohen: On a preliminary basis, again, it does look good. However, we have to be cautious somewhat about what our currency impacts are. The Mexican pesos vacillated quite a bit during the year and it does have impact on those earnings. But overall, we do expect continued lease-up, significant lease-up in the Latin America portfolio.  Mike had mentioned just coming online of a large Chile project. So those are up kind of built in already. But, again, we still need all the bottom line property-by-property details to really give a fair estimation of where we think occupancy and same-store NOI growth will come from.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, the 30 are things that we have on the drawing board, currently under evaluation and it cuts across the entire U.S. portfolio.
Glenn G. Cohen: What I would say to you, Rich, in terms of those leasing spread metrics, you're dealing with a very small, a finite population and a  certain of the centers has been influenced by competitive factors at certainty of those locations. So we won't shy away from the fact that for a subset of the Mexico portfolio, that comparable spread positions are lower.  But in the broader context, there's a significant amount of the Mexico NOI is coming from, in effect, first-generation space, still we feel comfortable that the absolute numbers will increase according to our plan. And I'll let Dave answer, but I still see no diminution in the interest of both U.S. and Mexico retailers to invest in these locations.
Glenn G. Cohen: We, at the level of effort and in energy is dedicated to both is just how you approach it. Our regional president and their teams that have very strong and deep relationship with the national retailers. So I'll use the word, easy, but the ability for us to make deals resolve problems, understand their growth plans and get things done is really -- starts at a very high level and very efficient.  The majority of our leasing teams are focusing both directly and through local brokerage sort of the local brokerage community to emphasize and focus on small floors, the mom-and-pop, the smaller national franchisees, et cetera to try and solicit and to make some headway in the small store category. So clearly, Cedrik we're not biased, one way towards the other. It's just the realities of the marketplace that it is tougher in the economy and in this environment. To gain a lot of traction, particularly in the mom-and-pop.  So that's why a lot of our strategy, the bottoms-up assessment of what properties, that's longer-term sustain power versus those that do not. And I think if one looks into our non-strategic shopping centers, I don't have the information at my fingertips. But you probably see that these small store occupancy is even lower than the 81.x percent that we report on an overall basis. So that's a consideration as well in terms of, which property to keep versus, which property we ultimately want to exit.
Glenn G. Cohen: I'll just add one quick thing, Jeff, that on the ground, in terms of day-to-day lease negotiations, to Dave's point, percentage rents are never that big a deal as a percentage of rent clauses. What we find from time to time though is we're negotiating with our retailer arm wrestling in terms of the rent as we're settling on or rent that we think is below market, but we believe in the center. Then we'll introduce the percentage clause, if the retailer does prevail in their projected sales level. With that, we see it more as an upside and not as necessarily a negative side, because we're both nonrepliant on those closed right now.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, and just looking at the recent history. What you've seen is certainly significant positive absorption on anchors or 10,000 square foot involved and what you had, to echo Paul's comments, is a couple of years ago, a bloodbath in terms of the small space and now it's stabilizing. It's a bit of standoff, but there is a positive churn. As we move forward, I mean, we clearly as different retail formats begin to think and actively pursue a downsizing strategy and the footprint strategy, it will become a deal-by-deal, side-by-side assessment of how we can, in effect, fill in the excess space.  And that, in turn, depends on, which of those retailers or regional retailers or national retailers are growing. So the example, which we've done in a couple of cases is working with Best Buy, and they are downsizing. They substracted about 10,000-plus square feet in couple of our locations and we put in Ulta Cosmetics who is a growing retail chain, and we're able to satisfy that.  Now that's not going to happen in all of the cases, but I think in terms of leasing, the big box, the big-box retailers who may be downsized to a certain extent, it's going to be filled by most retailers that are growing. And the small store, it will be more driven by the economy in general than any other that I mentioned.
David B. Henry: The trends continue to be very strong including the last 3 months of the REVPAR continues to increase high single-digit year-over-year. And we believe 2012, the EBITDA will be back to the levels that was right before we bought it. So we still feel very good about what's going at InTown Suites, and I will take a minute just to remind everybody, it's roughly 1% of our assets. It's performing very well. We have a great management team headquartered in Atlanta. And we're confident that we will sell this portfolio to the right buyer at the right time.
David B. Henry: Yes, in one case, Nate, we actually bought the underlying fee. So the leasehold position of the property that we had for many, many years. In the other case, it was part of the margin portfolio in Albertsons, also some third-party real estate, we had owned a part of it. We had managed it previously. So we found an opportunity that made sense. So we already had an economic interest in both of those assets both previously.
David B. Henry: I'll just add one more too. The national retailers that we talk to, the plan their store count many years in advance. They allocate their capital budgeting many years in advance. There is a momentum to the store expansion plans that are pretty locked in, we see no evidence of any pullback at this point. And as Mike points out, many of the retailers in our portfolio are these very strong discounters that are growing by 100 stores a year well into the future.
David B. Henry: There really is a big difference between very high quality shopping centers in what they call either gateway or prime market and just about everything else. For those very strong core properties in these primary markets, cap rates have dropped down below 6%, it's really quite amazing. And it continues to be very strong demand for other centers, even if they're good properties in secondary locations, cap rates are good 100 basis points higher, I would say. And there continues to be a lot less demand for secondary markets and any assets are considered be assets.
David B. Henry: Well, we continue to explore opportunities both are tough in this environment, M&A pricing is difficult as Milton has pointed out over the years, you end up paying for their investment bankers, their lawyers, your bankers and their shareholders want a premium and all that. And many of these M&A targets have made it through this great recession, if you will. They've solved their liquidity. There's no urgency or pressure of them to sell the company. So there's not a lot of opportunities on the surface, although we continue to evaluate them as they come up. In terms of retailers, which is you're right, our core strength of Kimco, we continue to look at opportunities. These things come in very lumpy, if you will, Albertsons and Montgomery Wards and they're generally big deals, and they're difficult to predict.  Also the number of retailers that actually own their own real estate is a diminishing number. Many retailers are solely leases and it's much more difficult to find value creation opportunities in a portfolio of leases than it is owned stores like we were able to do in Albertsons.
David B. Henry: As the #1 champion of Mexico around the table here, I can tell you we still feel very, very strong about what's going on in Mexico. If anything, retail interest is accelerating. We recently talked to Bed Bath & Beyond, they're jumping in with both lead in Mexico. Wal-Mart continues, as I mentioned this before, to open one store a day in Mexico. Home Depot, we just did another Home Depot deal and in Mexico. And you have the Mexican retailers now accelerating their expansion plans, it's a grocer that's well-capitalized and expanding greatly. The economy is strong underneath, as I mentioned.  So if anything, we see some momentum in Mexico coming out of the recession, notwithstanding the headlines the order of violence and things like that. The basic case for Mexico remains strong. There's only 1,000 shopping centers in Mexico for 100 million people versus 100,000 shopping centers in the U.S. for 300 million people. So it's a very different situation down there and over time, it should help us. And we are able to get leases, we cannot get in the U.S. with percentage rents with cost of living escalators and things like that. So we still feel very good, and we believe it will drop a fair amount of income -- incremental income into our earnings next year.
David B. Henry: Well, let's clarify. Nobody is advocating a national sales tax. This is a sale -- a state sale collection issue. So there are 44-some states that have a state sales tax. All we're advocating, and I'm particularly vocal, because I'm serving one year as Chairman of the ICSE is for a basic level playing field out there. It is blatantly unfair that our tenants that pay us rent and pay real estate taxes have to collect state sales taxes and the Amazons of the world do not.  And it has a significant impact, in some states, it's 9.4% in terms of the state sales tax. University of Tennessee has a great study out showing that states are going to miss out on some $23 billion of sales tax revenue, because of the growing online sales where they do not collect taxes. So in my mind, it's a fairness issue. It's a tax revenue issue for the state at a time when most of these states are under pressure.  And quite frankly, it's also a job issue for every $1 million of incremental sales on brick-and-mortar retail, it adds roughly 4 jobs to the economy. For every $1 million of Internet sales, it's less than one job. So it's a big difference and worth the good fight. Now there's, 3 different bills in Congress, 2 in the Senate and one in the House, so this thing is gaining momentum, but it has nothing to do with a national sales tax. It simply will empower the states to force the online retailers to collect the sales taxes that are already due and payable by people. And people buy books from Amazon, and Amazon does not collect the tax. They're still required under state laws to pay the tax. They just don't, and technically, if they get audited, they're forced to pay penalties and interest. So it's pretty clear to me and most of us in the shopping center business that this thing should be corrected.
David B. Henry: I think you're right, over time it will all merge, including the fact that Amazon will be forced to collect the sales tax. And you may see Amazon open bricks-and-mortar stores themselves as they try to take advantage of a dual strategy. I mean, just look at Apple, Apple's success with their stores. They used to sell almost everything online. They now have huge success by going to the brick-and-mortar stores.
David B. Henry: Well, let me take a stab at this. I mean, in the neighborhood and community shopping center business, there are not a lot of leases with percentage rents, we're just very different than the mall guys. I think in the U.S., less than 1% in the U.S. We just happen to be getting it in Mexico because we're early and we have a little bit of a pricing power.  I expect over time we will not be able to negotiate for percentage rents. As an example, we have some older Wal-Mart leases that we first hit in Mexico where we were able to negotiate for percentage rents, our new Wal-Mart leases, we do not get percentage rent. So I suspect the percentage of leases where we're able to negotiate for percentage rent will gradually decline in Latin America and will remain very, very small in the U.S.  So for our particular business, neighborhood and community shopping centers, we don't see it as a significant factor in terms of our revenues. In terms of the complexity for mall landlords, they are already playing this battle, about not being paid percentage rent for sales that are indirectly done in their stores. Because these stores are used as return vehicles for things purchased on the Internet and exchanges.  So it becomes very complicated, and I think you talked to Bobby, Tom and Billy or David, Simon, they can go into it a lot more, but it is a growing issue for the mall issues on exactly how they could collect their percentage rent from mall tenants.
David B. Henry: And we do have industries that are still growing. I mean, we've talked in the past about the restaurant industry, casual dining and fast food. There's a lot of growth in there as people continue to eat out more and more. So maybe electronics is shrinking and having more of a direct impact from the Internet, but the restaurant business is growing. To throw a compliment, Rich Marseilles, I mean, we love his study that shows currently on a survey of the 2,200 national retailers, I think, they're going to open somewhere around 72,000 new stores over the next 24 months. So to us, that means there's probably going to be net growth, even though some of the store prototypes are smaller.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Well, first, Christy, you know that I worry about everything, one among thousands of things. But yes, it is concerning and I think behind some of the comments that we made is that we continue to look around the corner. We are worried about the sustainability of the recovery from the fact that there really isn't a lot of true wage and income growth. Now as that translates into retailer plans, the other point I tried to make was that, their growth again is being what I'd call, strategic. It's very smart, they are not opening stores just to make numbers. They're very cognizant that spending patterns can change.  That's why, it's the least, in our portfolios, we were seeing much of the growth coming from the value-conscious shoppers, we're looking at our tenant base, who was appealing for that value conscious-shopper. In some cases, it's about existing strong retailers who were trying to capitalize on existing markets or enter new markets where others might have fallen apart.  So I don't think you're going to the see retailers stop on the dime, if there are turned down drifts with respect to consumer spending. They factored that into their plans, I think they're being very careful in terms of how they approach footprint growth and new store openings.
Michael V. Pappagallo: If you wanted a preliminary -- a number, Paul, the combination of everything that we have in the pipeline, including those, those various phases whether it's entitlement, under evaluation, active, and as we think about redevelopment as well as complex leasing strategies and out-parcel, probably the total tab is about $300-plus million. But again, I caution about saying that is the number, because some of these deals, some of these concepts will fall by the wayside and be replaced by others. So hopefully, that'll just give you a perspective, of that one point in time, what our regional leadership is looking at in terms of value creation and footprint addition.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I'd be happy to. Thank you, Mike. I think the answer to that question is improving. I'll just use Florida as an example. I think that the glut of tenant vacates and the move-out and request for rent reductions are not as significant today as they were a year ago. So I think we're seeing slow growth in many of our markets, consistent growth, stabilization of rents, and an improvement in occupancy.
