Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. While the acquisition environment remains uber-competitive for infill shopping centers with upside and value-creation potential, we continue to pick our spots recycling the disposition proceeds from non-core properties into irreplaceable, Signature Series assets with the long-term redevelopment opportunities. The third quarter was quite active as we enhanced the quality of our portfolio and strengthened the concentration of assets in our primary markets. During last quarter’s call we announced the Jantzen Beach acquisition in Portland, Oregon, a dominant 67-acre center with substantially below market leases and both near and long-term prospects for value-creation and redevelopment. We continue to mine our assets for growth and expansion opportunities and added adjacent parcels to several assets in the third quarter. We accretively acquired an unowned parcel Jantzen Beach in addition to boxes that are Webster Square asset in Nashua New Hampshire and Gateway Station in Burleson, Texas. Subsequent to the end of Q3, we purchased Whittwood Town Center, a dominant West Coast asset. Whittwood is a 787,000 square foot grocery anchored property located on 54 acres in Whittier, California, a densely populated suburb of Los Angeles. It is anchored by Target, Vons Supermarket, Sears, J.C. Penney, Kohl’s, 24 Hour Fitness and others. Our traction to the site includes irreplaceable real estate and impressive demographics. The substantial upside is what we envision for the future. Collectively, the below market leases of Kohl’s, J.C. Penney’s and Sears have an aggregate mark-to-market spread of 560%. The anchor leases including Target average $3.01 per square foot versus a market rent in excess of $10 per square foot. The $123 million purchase price was funded with 1031 exchange proceeds and $43 million loan assumption of in place debt. With the addition of Whittwood, Kimco now owns 25 assets in Los Angeles, adding to the significant scale we have in this market and further leveraging our Southern California regional offices. In terms of disposition activity, we remain on track, selling five non-core assets for $62 million at a mid-7% cap rate. This brings our sales total for the first nine months of 2017 to 21 shopping centers and three land parcels for a gross price of $331 million. We have another 19 assets, either under contract or with price agreement for a total of approximately $185 million, much of which we expect to close by year-end. The market remains strong for our products, especially those properties with value-add components. This quarter, we sold an asset in Joplin, Missouri with a strong junior anchor line up and one box vacancy to a local buyer. We had seven offers for that center. We also now have price agreement for a power center in the secondary market of North Carolina with 14 offers for that asset. Bidders in the secondary markets have generally consisted of local buyers with private equity backing, private REITs and opportunity funds. Debt is still readily available for reputable sponsors at extremely attractive rates. We remain confident in our ability to execute on our strategy of pruning the non-core asset from the portfolio. And given the current cost of capital, our expectation is that we will sell substantially more than we will acquire in 2018. Glenn will now walk you through the financial results.
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, absolutely. We’re underwriting several opportunities at both properties. And we really believe that the size of these assets gives us the ability to create substantial value. When you look at Jantzen, you have several undeveloped outparcels that are immediate near-term upside opportunities and then you have the below market leases there that give you the opportunity longer term. Both assets we think have very similar attributes and that longer term, we think that there is additional density that can be added. At the Whittwood shopping center, we’ve already started the process with the municipality of master planning the entire asset, and we began that process while we were going to the loan assumption process. So, given the size of the 54 acres in Los Angeles, the surrounding density and the initial positive reception that we’ve had from the city, we think that that’s a very viable strategy. When you look at the anchors that we have at Whittwood, while we do have several large tenants there that will have to be moved around or replaced in time once we have that liquidity and the site, we think that it’s prude in advance to really start that process, the master planning. And when you look at specifically Sears and J.C. Penny, those are opportunities that we think at the appropriate time that we can move forward with a negotiation and recapture of those spaces. So, we think that the size and the below-market leases and the tenants that we’re dealing with, give a lot of upside opportunity.
Ross Cooper: Again, keep in mind who the tenants are in our centers, which is important. It’s really everyday goods and services, it’s discounters, some Home Depots, some Kmarts. It’s really everyday goods and services, which is what really drives the island.
Ross Cooper: Yes. I think it will be a combination of both. We haven’t definitively finalized the exact capital plan, but the expectation is that we would probably look to acquire no more than $200 million next year and then sell certainly in excess of that. So, it will depend on which assets ultimately get solved in the basis for each one, but we are working very closely with our tax group to make sure that we manage that efficiently. But the expectation would certainly be to use that -- to delever as well as fund the rest of the business.
Ross Cooper: Yes. One of the anchor leases is within our 10-year hold that they expire with no further options. The other large anchors o have a little bit of further term anywhere from 16 to 20 years, in total. But I would assume that those tenants would be in place through the end of all their option periods. We have had some success with recapturing Sears, Kmart boxes in advance and they are typically pretty opportunistic about that, if they get economic deal that makes sense. So, our expectation is that by the time we really go through the master plan process and deal with the entitlements with the city that we will be in a position to approach those tenants if they’re active at t he site in order to recapture sooner. So, we think it’s a nice opportunity that gives us the occupancy and the income in the short-term, but when we are ready we’ll approach them and we think there will be some respectability to that on the tenants’ part.
Ross Cooper: Yes. It’s still a little bit up in the air in terms of our definitive strategy. It does go in tandem with our budgeting process. So, we evaluate each asset in the portfolio and look at where the growth is coming from, where the risks are. So, it would be a little premature to give you definitive number. But, as I mentioned, if the expectation is that we will probably be targeting around 200 million of acquisitions, we think that it will be certainly in excess of that. At what magnitude, we’re really not certain yet.
Ross Cooper: Yes, it’s a good question. It’s all part of our budgeting process and our capital planning. But, we will certainly take that into consideration when we finalize the number and put out our guidance in February.
Ross Cooper: I really don’t believe so. Especially when you look at Whittwood, I mean the process that is being run by the sellers was one where we have a fantastic relationship with them, given our prior joint venture partnership and it was really a negotiated deal. And we think that it’s one that was well negotiated on our part, clearly made sense for the seller as well but we think it was a good deal for both sides. And I think that had a mass market, a very similar price if not a more aggressive price could have been found in the marketplace.
Ross Cooper: Yes. As we have continued to call the portfolio, even the tier 2 asset that we look to dispose of are of a higher quality, generally speaking than previously. So, it will be a combination of assets where we continue to see longer term risk in the asset, even if there is stability today, trying to take a longer term approach on our portfolio management and seeing which assets we believe have a longer term opportunity to redevelop or create value or if the highest and best use is a stable retail center, then it may be the time to capitalize on the fact that there still is a viable market to exit these assets. So, the reception to these assets we have been marketing generally has been strong. I mentioned the two examples in Missouri and in North Carolina where we had 7 and 14 bids, respectively. So, I think for higher quality assets, particularly if there is some vacancy or perceived upside to the buyer, there is plenty of capital that’s still excited about investing in that. And then, we will take a look at some of the higher quality assets that are flat longer term and see if it makes sense to monetize today.
Conor Flynn: On the big box demand side, it’s definitely -- it’s probably pretty consistent across the board. It’s really the junior boxes with the off-price that are continuing to really thrive and want to expand the store count aggressively. That’s where we see the most demand.
Conor Flynn: I think Puerto Rico, longer term, they have a very manageable retail per capita when you look at the island. So, when you look at the rebound of hopefully the island’s recovery, it really will tie back to how quickly they can get the grid back up and running, how quickly they can get services and really power to the entire island. Clearly, everybody has been seeing in the news and we have been working hard in getting our grocery stores and our home improvement anchors open as quickly as possible. But longer term, you are going to have to wait and see in terms of really what kind of impact it has on the population and really how many people move back after the island gets stabilized.
Conor Flynn: We have full ability to shelter the gains within our whole framework. So, it’s not -- we’re not required necessarily, have to do 1031 exchanges and buy more assets. We can absorb a pretty substantial amount of gains as we go through the year. That would change the composition of what our dividend will look like. You have probably a lot less return of capital and more capital gain component to it, but there is plenty of capacity for us to absorb gains.
Conor Flynn: The other piece to it, just to keep in mind, is obviously the hurricane had a pretty big impact on our Puerto Rico portfolio, which had a negative impact on our same-site NOI. So that’s something that unforeseen and we continue to try and manage that.
Conor Flynn: And just to add on The Boulevard and Staten Island, those entitlements that we secured had a bigger negative impact on pulling down the same-site NOI because we got it earlier than anticipated. So longer term, it’s a big benefit but shorter term, clearly, the same site NOI is reduced a little bit.
Conor Flynn: Yes. And just to add some color to that, on the anchor boxes, they are all -- our largest boxes are open and operating. We have two Kmarts that are fully functioning, Sam’s Clubs; we have two Home Depot, we have two Costco [ph] amongst our seven properties. The big guys are opening and they are obviously providing very necessary services during this restoration process. As it relates to the small shops, it does vary site-by-site. Three of our centers which have a substantial majority of those small shops already open and operating, but to Glenn’s point, power itself is intermittent because it’s based on generators and/or if there is some restoration power to the grid, it does vary time-to-time as we know the conditions in Puerto Rico still remain very difficult. So, we will continue to see that improved, but for now, we want to take more cautious approach.
Conor Flynn: And the other piece of it is the island development, redevelopment that we announced that again, we secure entitlements that we could start the project, which has again a little bit of hit on the same-site NOI in the short term but longer term, it’s a Signature Series asset that we are excited to get going on.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. The short answer is yes. The cost of capital is definitely -- has an impact on our evaluation of future investment opportunities. When we look at Whittwood and Jantzen, those were deals that were both put under contracts early in the year, March and April. So, obviously, we had hoped that by this point of the year, cost of capital to be different than where it is today. So that being said, we are very excited about those two assets and we did utilize the dispositions to fund those. But on a go forward basis, the expectation is that without a substantial change in that cost of capital, our external investment will be significantly lower.
Conor Flynn: Yes, I think that’s right. I mean, if you look at our portfolio, if you look at really the targets for next year and we do still have a very large spread between physical and economic occupancy. We do anticipate that the credit loss will be similar to this year. So, that is something that we will probably keep consistent next year.
Conor Flynn: It’s still too early to tell. I think that most of the small shops that’s their livelihood and they are racing to try and to keep those stores back open as quickly as possible, and that’s the response we’ve heard from our team on the ground there that everybody is working as hard as possible to get their stores back open.
Conor Flynn: We should start to see some benefit during 2018. That’s when -- we will put full guidance together and report on that in February with our call. But, I would expect that you are going to start seeing some benefit in 2018.
Conor Flynn: Yes. It is a combination when we look at our blend of 7.5. It’s probably on average, somewhere in the low to mid 7s as we see the rest of the assets that we have currently under contract. It’s really geographically the diverse. We sold one asset in Georgia, one asset in California. Several have grocery components; others are true power like the one in Joplin, Missouri. So, there really isn’t a trend. It’s just constantly evaluating the portfolio and pruning where we see risk or markets that we don’t anticipate continuing to operate in long term.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Absolutely, Michael, I think you raised good point that Ross has analyzed pretty deeply in his remarks. I think with our current cost of capital, we see ourselves being really -- the signal is clear that we should be a net seller next year and that’s what we anticipate to do. Because of the loan assumption process on Whittwood, we obviously felt that when we put the project under contract versus where we are today, it was a different situation. Going forward, we do see that we want to make sure that we prioritize our balance sheet, prioritize our net debt EBITDA going forward. And that’s why we will continue to probably sell more and really just focus on adjacent parcels in the next year that will probably lend itself to future redevelopment projects. But going forward, we do see ourselves being a net seller for next year where our current cost of capital sits.
Conor Flynn: We haven’t really seen cap rates move at all for the really high-quality assets like Jantzen and Whittwood, it’s a very competitive market for those types of deals with significant value creation opportunities in the best markets and that’s really where we’ve been focusing and picking our spots.
Conor Flynn: Yes. We have been actively engaged in Whole Foods, obviously prior to the acquisition, we had all noticed I think it stalled a little bit, but they are very much on the expansion, looking for new opportunities to expand. In terms of how they utilize, Amazon will utilize the Whole Foods locations, they still keep things very close with us. So, it’s yet to be seen. I think we all have opinions and there is a number of opportunities in which they could do it in the four walls. But, to our benefit, they are absolutely actively looking to expand in the market.
Conor Flynn: I think the share buyback is constantly being discussed and at these levels, we need to make sure that our debt levels don’t come under pressure, but we do see it as something we’ll continue to monitor.
Glenn Cohen: So, in terms of the rents, so [indiscernible] from Puerto Rico makes up about 3% of rents. So, it’s about $32 million a year, $8 million for the fourth quarter. Our guess is, you might have 25% of that that might be at risk for collection as we still evaluate what’s happening on the island. As Conor mentioned, tenants are opening, but again, small shop tenants are still evaluating and we’ll have to see how and when that rent starts flowing again. So, we think there is a risk of couple of million dollars there. And that represents roughly a 100 basis points of same-site NOI for the fourth quarter, which would equate to about 25 basis points of same-site impact for the full year. We are still evaluating what’s going to happen. In terms of the proceeds, you have to first put your claim in. Claims would probably start getting paid 60 days after those claims are in. But, we haven’t filed any business interruption claims yet because we are still evaluating it. You need to get the full picture before you start putting the claims in. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I don’t expect that will have claims paid to us really in the fourth quarter, will start recouping the business interruption part of it in 2018.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, we have some tax refunds that came through that were specific to us that helped drive that. And you also have -- you do have an increase in the NOI line in total from it, so revenue increase as well, so yes. But, when you look forward, again, we do expect as we go into 2018 that that 320 basis-point gap between economy and lease occupancy will start to shrink, and that is part of the driver. We have been doing a lot of leasing but we have also -- they have been matching up. So, we haven’t shrunk that number. That number is growing; it was 200 basis points to spread this time last year, now it’s 320.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. And then, when you think about also the guidance that 2% to 3% range that we had, if you break it down, redevelopments in the high end of the number and that 3% had 40 basis points in it. So, as we reported, right now redevelopments have had zero impact. We haven’t earned anything from that. So that’s at the high end, down by 40 basis points. You have as I mentioned, 25 basis points reduction from Puerto Rico that was not anticipated. There is about another 15 to 20 basis points that relates to the timing of the rent commencements. And then, on the high end, if you recall, our credit loss was 75 to 100 basis points. So, on the high end at the 3% level, we only had 75 basis points of credit loss in that number, and we are running closer to the 100 basis points. So, if you take a look at those components, you are going to reconcile down to how we got down to 2% for the year.
Glenn Cohen: Well, you have few things. The larger anchored tenants have generators that are up and running, so that’s how they are able to run their stores. The smaller shops, which is about half the rent that comes from all the tenants at the seven properties, a lot of them don’t have generators, a lot of them are smaller -- small store businesses where quite candidly some of them lost their homes. So, we are still evaluating just how much of that is missing. So, we are trying to be realistic about what we have. We know half of our rents is coming from small shops base. So, we are making an estimate that some portion of that, as much as 50% of that could be potentially at risk during the fourth quarter. Now, again, most of it will be covered by business interruption insurance. But more importantly, we’d like to get the tenants back open and running so that they can provide their goods and services to the communities.
Glenn Cohen: Well, we have a blanketed policy. So, in total, we have coverage upto $39 million of business interruption. So, in theory, in Puerto Rico, you could lose every single tenant for the entire year and we would be covered.
Glenn Cohen: Well, just go back a minute. The estimate that we have for Puerto Rico is that in the fourth quarter, it impacts you by about 100 basis points. Based on our forecast, we still have at the midpoint of our range that the fourth quarter would be 1.75% of same-site NOI growth. If you added Puerto Rico back, you’d be at 2.75. And again, as I mentioned, you do have some impact from the timing of the rent commencement. So, if you put all that back to get it to a more original guidance, you’d be in that 3% range, similar to where we were in the third quarter.
Glenn Cohen: First of all, we are still going through our own budget process and we are still evaluating where we think real potential risk is of store closures. We have been running this 75 to 100 basis-point look in terms of credit loss. So that’s in those areas that we are evaluating. But I think overall when we look at the portfolio and where we are at the occupancy level and things that we see online, we do expect that same-site NOI growth will be higher next year than where we are today.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. So, it does include ancillary income; it does not include percentage rent. Percentage rent is just an additive component of that. As it relates to business interruption insurance, it would include that. If you have historic performance that identifies the type of income you would have received otherwise prior to an event, then you have a case in which you can claim business interruption insurance.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Just to clarify, the two that we have recaptured this quarter, those are natural lease expirations, no options expiring. So, we didn’t pay anything to get those back. And within both of those, one was in actually in our island projects, so that’s part of major redevelopment; the other one was in Los Angeles where we are currently splitting the box and adding in [indiscernible] as well for our Fairmont site, and then itself on the value creation component of splitting that box is part of our leasing cost number.
Glenn Cohen: So, in terms of the incremental yield for that, we are targeting anywhere from a 6% to 8% incremental yield on that and we are adding 100,000 square feet of retail as well. In terms of the same-site drag, have to report back to you on that one and we’ll make sure to follow up with you.
Glenn Cohen: We are still running through our full budgets, but we’re fairly comfortable that it will be higher than the current year.
Glenn Cohen: At the right time, we’ll redeem the balance of those 6% preferred. Again, we are trying to balance total look through of consolidated net-debt-to-EBITDA including it with preferreds. And when we went to the market, we went with a very aggressive rate, 5 and 8 [ph] rate was a pretty aggressive. So, we took out what we could get done at that point. I mean, we clearly got to the debt market and replace it at a lower rate but that’s just going to put more pressure on consolidated net-debt-to-EBITDA. So, we will take it out at an opportunistic point.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, share repurchases put pressure on leverage metric and debt to EBITDA. So first and foremost, we want to bring our leverage levels down to the targets that we planned for before you’d start getting to share repurchases. Don’t forget also, we still have a fairly significant redevelopment pipeline that has pretty significant yields to it, even where the implied price of the stock is today. So, we have uses of capital, but first and foremost is to bring leverage levels to the point where we want that.
Ray Edwards: Sure. Hi. This is Ray. The sale leaseback was announced $720 million, which is supposed to close at the beginning of next week, the intention there is to delever the company. The company is looking at potential other smaller sale leasebacks, some other assets that they have -- some distribution centers that as they merge the company, they are becoming available as way to generate some proceeds, to pay down debt and help by delevering the company to make it more marketable company as we keep [indiscernible] and hope that markets change to have a public offering. So it’s all focused on improving the balance sheet of the Company and so maybe focus on that as we drive the business.
Ray Edwards: It was somewhere in the mid 6s. It’s a broad spectrum of properties from California to Wyoming and Chicago.
Ray Edwards: Actually, it’s on the cap rate wise, probably a high cap rate, because they really kept out most of the most valuable properties from the sale leaseback, the middle of the road properties and sale leaseback.
Dave Jamieson: Sure. Yes. This is Dave Jamieson. With anchored tenants and junior anchor boxes as they are going through the permitting process, there are tender dates and where we complete our work and we tender it over to this tenant. There is a permitting window that the tenants go through as well for their right to complete their box. Sometimes depending on the use and depending on what you are doing specifically to that box may add some additional time to that permitting process, which may delay their variability to open and impact the RCD [ph]. That said, it doesn’t necessarily increase the cost on our side of the equation. But, those are some of the variables that set in. Sometimes, for example, you may have to go for a parking variance in which this city then you have work through that entitlement. So, those are couple of the components that can drive an impact the open date itself.
Dave Jamieson: Yes. Short and sweet, yes. I mean, as soon as the business interruption claims commence, it’s rent that’s collected that we are not collecting now.
Dave Jamieson: For the one that we leased in the beginning of this year and towards the end of 2016 itself, you will start to see them flowing at the very end of this year and into the beginning part of 2018 as well. And so, from there, it will just gradually build and progress throughout the course of 2018.
