Ross Cooper: Good morning, and I hope everyone is having an enjoyable summer. As we always say in this business, the only constant is change, and the second quarter has showcased the unpredictability of the macro economy and how quickly things can pivot. To that point, the mantra we continue to follow emphasizes the importance of maintaining a nimble and opportunistic strategy and a balance sheet that supports both organic and external growth at any point in the cycle. The quality of our portfolio, balance sheet and liquidity position puts us in a prime spot to be opportunistic. On previous earnings calls, we identified a pipeline of activity in all 3 elements of our transaction strategy, which are; the buying out of JV partners, providing mezzanine and preferred equity financing via our structured investments program as well as the outright third-party acquisition of high-quality shopping centers that offer further opportunities for value creation. In the second quarter, we closed on several transactions in support of this strategy. In terms of partnership buyouts, we acquired an additional 3.6% interest in our longest-standing institutional joint venture, the KIR partnership, thereby increasing our ownership percentage of that fund to 52.1%. The net payment for this was approximately $55 million. The assets consist of a geographically diverse portfolio of high-quality, long-term hold properties for Kimco.  On the structured investment side, during the quarter, we closed 3 mezzanine loans for approximately $50 million, providing double-digit returns. The assets included a Safeway-anchored regional center in Fairfax, Virginia a mixed-use pedestrian-friendly power center in a high-income super zip part of Dallas, and a unique irreplaceable center along the 105 Freeway in Los Angeles in a dense infill location with a culturally immersive experience, anchored by a supermarket, pharmacy, a Mercado and others. All of these investments have a right of first offer or right of first refusal in the event of a sale, putting us in a prime position to potentially own these assets in the future. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired 2 premier grocery-anchored centers from Cedar Realty as part of their portfolio transaction with DRA and KPR centers. The properties, which we view as the 2 best assets in the Cedar portfolio are located in Massapequa, New York and Philadelphia PA. Both assets have tremendous upside potential that we look forward to unlocking. Separately, we also made a $22 million participating loan on 3 grocery-anchored centers in Pennsylvania as part of our structured investment program. This is a prime example of our ability to utilize our various investment components to opportunistically deploy capital with a unique deal structure. Also post quarter end, we were able to negotiate a $21.2 million buyout of a fee title position on a former Weingarten site in Rockville, Maryland, where we previously had a leasehold position with only 37 years remaining. The transaction enables us to collapse the leasehold and create substantial net asset value on the property by converting our ownership to a fee position. On the disposition front, we sold approximately $100 million at Kimco share of noncore assets where the value had been maximized. This included several joint venture assets, which we elected to sell to a third party rather than meet the pricing. We will continue this strategy where appropriate with all of our joint venture partners and make a disciplined decision whether to sell the asset or negotiate a buyout of our partner's interest. While the market has quickly become a bit choppy on the transaction side, with the bid-ask between buyers and sellers starting to widen and the lenders becoming more conservative as interest rates and inflation rises, we continue to see a healthy demand for core grocery-anchored product that provides everyday goods and services. Pricing remains relatively sticky for our property type, especially when compared to other asset classes that were either previously priced to perfection or contain greater risk in today's environment. We believe with our multiple verticals we can be opportunistic when dislocation or softening occurs. With that, I will gladly pass it off to Glenn to provide the financials for the quarter.
Ross Cooper: Yes, Craig, I'm happy to address that. So as I've mentioned in the past, we do look at a variety of metrics when we're evaluating a potential investment Cost of capital is something that's top of mind for everybody in the organization. We look at it every single day. So when we think about a cap rate in this environment, it really is a spot check on day 1 -- our focus is on creating value and enhancing growth for the company and doing it in an accretive way. So in terms of an acquisition, if it starts at a relatively low cap rate, we need to ensure that there's a tremendous amount of near-term growth that's achievable. And we need to find other avenues to enhance the returns on our investments, which is where sort of our structured investments program comes in. we were able to put out capital at very attractive returns day 1.  And so when you blend the return on our 3 sort of pillars of our investment strategy between buying out our partners accretively, acquiring selectively core acquisitions and then layering on our structured investments, we get to a point where we feel very confident in the returns that we're able to achieve and the growth that we're going to get in the short, medium and long term. In terms of the funding, that's where we really feel that we're in a unique and really strong position. As Glenn mentioned, we have over $200 million of free cash flow after dividend and leasing CapEx. We have cash on the balance sheet. We have a moderate amount of dispositions that we recycle into new acquisition activity. And then, of course, ultimately, we'll have our Albertsons' monetization, which we'll be able to put to work there. So we do believe that we have a fair amount of ways to fund these deals in an accretive manner.
Ross Cooper: Sure. I would say we have not seen the distress as of yet, but we're absolutely prepared for it. We'll continue to be extremely disciplined with the investments that we make. Based upon our liquidity position, our balance sheet, we think that we're in a wonderful position to be opportunistic once that presents itself. You saw that in the early stages of the pandemic, and then we had a very quick recovery. So to the extent that there is some dislocation that presents itself from some of the challenges in the macroeconomic conditions today, we'll be ready to move on that very quickly and aggressively, but we're going to stay very disciplined when we do it.
Ross Cooper: Yes. And one of the nice things about the structured investments is, as you could see or we put out in the release, there were structured investments that we closed on in the third quarter were the fourth one that closed just subsequent to quarter end. And while it's not a tremendous amount of capital outlay, I think combined, it was just about $72 million for those 4 deals. It does provide a potential pipeline for a much larger transaction if that opportunity presents itself. So it's a relatively modest investment today with a very attractive return that could lead to a much bigger opportunity down the road.
Ross Cooper: Yes. There's no doubt that as cost of capital increases, our hurdle rates go up alongside it. So we're very mindful of that. We try to stay extremely disciplined when we underwrite deals. Very healthy in terms of inflation expenses rising in our assumptions in our underwriting. We take, I think, a very conservative approach to lease-up assumptions, making sure that we anticipate that these deals do take a fair amount of time from lease execution to opening and that cost have been rising. So all of those factor into a hurdle rate that's certainly higher today than it was even 3 months ago. To your point on cap rates, moving maybe a little bit less quickly than the overall market, that's certainly the case. And it's very dependent upon the asset and the location. We've continued to see up through this month transactions occurring at all-time low cap rates, not any dissimilar than what we saw 3, 4 months ago. On the other hand, if you have a commodity power center that 4 months ago, a borrower or a buyer whose borrowing in the 2s and they're now borrowing in the 5s, there's no doubt that, that's going to have a direct impact. So the composition of the asset and who your target audience is, whether it's an all-cash institutional buyer versus a levered private buyer is going to be a very meaningful difference as to how much movement we've seen in the cap rate.
Ross Cooper: Yes, that is a net number. We factor in all of the cash liabilities debt that's in the joint venture. So that was a $55 million payment net of all of those. I would tell you that it was a direct negotiation with one of our partners based upon our collective views of the value of the assets and then factoring in sort of a minority position of ownership there. So I would say that, to your point, it was a higher cap rate than what we would see those assets sell in the open market today.
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, it's a good question. I think when you look at the KIR venture specifically, this is our longest-standing joint venture, it was established in 1999. So I think ultimately, there was a point in time where it made sense for the 1 smallest minority partner to exit. We think that their assets are tremendous within our portfolio. We would love to own more of it. At the same time, we have a fantastic partner in the New York State Common Retirement Fund that has been alongside us since the beginning. So we'll continue to maintain a great relationship with them. And if and when the opportunity presents itself that they have a desire to exit, we'll be ready to have that conversation. But specific to the KIR venture, we don't anticipate bringing in any new partners.
David Jamieson: Yes, I mean, I think that the quality of our real estate, the grocery anchor at essential shopping center last mile closest to the customer is really at the forefront, that's your foundation and what you build upon. And then in terms of the demand side with the retail base, despite, obviously, the headwinds that we're all discussing in the current environment, there's still a need long term to position your real estate portfolio in the best center as possible. I think what you're seeing is a lot of retailers observing that opportunity now and wanting to take advantage of it and sort of fight through the current headwinds here. So I think we continue to see the strong demand not only out of Q2, but as we progress through the balance of the year. And then it's also coupled with, obviously, the lack of any new supply in terms of retail construction, I believe year-over-year this last quarter, it's down about 56%, only just over 3 million square feet of new retail construction was completed. So when you have that, you have this COVID on inventory and the high-quality real estate all sort of comes together puts us in a really good position.
David Jamieson: Yes. It's a good question, go-for making me think a little bit here. So I'm going to use a little bit of fact and then a little bit of anecdotal my opinion and assumptions. So traffic-wise, when we compare our numbers to 2021 and where it is, it's up over 10% you care back when you compare it back to 2019 levels, it's more or less in line with where it was then pre-pandemic. So you have the volume of activity there on site, which is good. Then you look at sort of the dynamic or the composition of the customer and the consumer. I think what we have been seeing is still this desire to reengage in society and the communities, services, restaurants, entertainment. Obviously, the near-term success that we've seen with theaters, people wanting to go out and spend some discretionary dollars to entertain themselves and their friends has been a positive sign that we've seen extend through the summer. So I think that probably broads your base beyond just your core recurring shopper. I do think you're seeing some value trade occurring, obviously, with price inflation being what it is. Some of those customers have continued to buy, but they may be focused more on value purchasing, which the -- Great Recession is where off-price really found its footing and acceleration. Maybe they're making slightly different decisions at the grocery store, but they're still going to the grocery store. So you're seeing probably a bit of a change in how consumers think about where they want to spend their dollars, but the activity is as you've seen across the board is up and I think the consumer continues to show some resiliency right now.
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean, I think every market cycle is different. So it may show itself in different ways. I could say what we're seeing right now is not the slow of our appetite for new deals because as I mentioned earlier in the conversation, retailers are looking at the long play. They make these long-term commitments, sign 6 primary terms with options going forward, and they all have evolving retail strategies complementing what Conor said about the last mile distribution fulfillment that there's greater margin value and being closest to the customer and shipping and distributing from store. So now is a great opportunity to secure that real estate that's necessary to meet your evolving fulfillment strategy within each individual company. So in order to do so, you have to continue doing deals. That said, you may -- there may be certain areas that you start to see some some pullback, maybe on the higher-end side. But in terms of the value-oriented essential, daily consumer and daily retailer that supports that customer, we continue to see the demand side hold up, trying to absorb that higher quality real estate that's still out there as a result of the pandemic.
David Jamieson: Yes. So line, our margins have been improving quarter-over-quarter. As you've gotten more of those retailers open, when you look at our lease economic spread, it compressed 20 basis points from 310 to 390. So you're seeing more contribution in contributing to the recovery. Element of your operating expenses, so margin improvement is actually continuing to expand in a favorable way as we're moving out of the pandemic. As it relates to fixed as to net leases, those are typically our most dominant forms. For us, our fixed camp program is now a multiyear program. We look at a 5-plus year capital plan. So we have an insight to where we're going to be spending dollars over the the near to midterm, and that's all factored into the pricing as well as an inflation factor appreciating the markets do change. And then it's also important to note that within the component of fixed CAM too, there are some recurring services that are contracted out for multiyear contracts. So it's not directly impacted by near-term inflationary pressures. So once you mix it all together, we still are in a very good position to absorb yes, the pressures of the near term.
David Jamieson: And I will just because you did mention specifically real estate taxes, that is excluded from your fixed cam number.
David Jamieson: Anthony, the day at retail, it's omnichannel. You have to have both, right? I mean, I think the pandemic proved out that you can beam pure-play online is put you at a bit of a disadvantage as it relates to distribution of margin being pure play. And maybe just in brick-and-mortar, there's probably advantages of having some online presence. So I think it's a combination of both. I think you're going to see e-com sales ebb and flow a little bit as you do see brick-and-mortar sales. But when you look holistically about the retail strategies, it's really infused as one together. So I think net-net, as long as the total pie continues to grow, there is utility and the brick-and-mortar product and how they use that for distribution.
David Jamieson: Yes, I think you actually have the answer in your question through all the parts you mine. So if we break it down one, I think we're in a wonderful position right now. We don't have long-term capital commitments with big development projects as compared to where we were in the last 5 years. Milton is continuing to move under construction down in Arlington market as Phase 2 of our Pentagon project, GMAX contracts.  So we feel good about the pricing there. As it relates to new activity, as you can see in the supplemental, we have thousands of entitled units that are at our option to and so what we're doing right now is we're looking at the balance sheet, we're looking at our capital plan, we're looking at the use of funds and the opportunities ahead of us. And then we're looking at the entitlements that we have in place and how best to activate them. We go through our decision tree do we self-develop, do we joint venture, do we ground lease and at what time is that appropriate to do so. So we are looking at near-term opportunities, what makes sense and then also what we have sort of in the midterm and how we want to pull it forward. So that's our job. We continue to assess it on a quarterly basis. And if we feel like there's an opportunity to pull some of those out of the entitlement shelf and activate them, we will.
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean with, again, high-quality real estate inventory that does not come available, all that often, we have seen that we continue to have multiple bidders at the table, which obviously helps the negotiation and strategy. And I also think you've seen, as we've mentioned multiple times already today, is that people are evolving their real estate strategy and how they want to utilize it. So whereas several quarters ago, target announced that they're going for full-size formats again, which was something pretty unique because they're really focused on the small format concept for years and penetrating urban markets. So people -- our retailers are constantly evolving and changing their needs and wants, which is creating demand for our real estate. As it relates to the timing and activation of deals and the negotiating process, I think both sides are actually very focused on trying to get the deals done as quickly as possible. We have a number of conforming leases. We're working directly with a lot of our retailers of how best to expedite that discussion in that negotiation because both have targets to open, right? They have target, they have their own growth targets and the way to achieve those is to get their stores open as quick as possible. We have our own growth targets that we want to get them open as quickly as possible. So there's a mutual benefit actually now where we both felt pressures, and we both had a point of friction within the process of, say, construction that's pretty unique. And so it's brought us together to find better solutions, which I think net-net as we go forward is just better for the industry and better for ourselves as we work closer in partnership with our retailers.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to expand on that. So I think where we are today is you're seeing our product really resonate with the consumer. They're prioritizing value and convenience. And I think it's really resonating with sort of the new age of retail with how people are shopping and the convenience and value proposition that we can provide to our customer. I think where we are having cautious optimism is obviously, there's a lot of stress on the consumer right now with the inflationary environment that we're dealing with. When we look at the Kimco consumer, which, again, is more affluent than the traditional sort of U.S. average shopper, they're holding up quite well. And where our portfolio is positioned in the first drink some of the major metro markets, employment is strong, the wage increases that we're seeing are resilient and the shoppers are continuing to gravitate towards our product. And so I think we're all wondering what the future is going to hold. Everyone has a different crystal ball. We feel we're in a position to be an opportunist if cracks emerged where we can obviously pounce on opportunities where we can create a lot of value. But to date, what we've seen is a continued traffic towards our centers, continued demand for our limited vacancies that are remaining, pricing power remains squarely in the landlords camp. And we're cautious of the optimism that it's going to continue as we see the pipeline continuing to expand with the right retailers that are creditworthy that have integrated e-commerce and are using their stores as last mile distribution points.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So when you're in a consortium that owns a sizable amount of the stock I think it's in best interest for our shareholders to really see it through to make sure that an organized execution really creates the most value for our shareholders longer term. And so that's why we considered the options on the table and felt compelled to go along with the consortium to see this through. It's been a wonderful investment for our shareholders. We've made a tremendous amount of money on the initial investment and feel like there's obviously this final act that we want to see through. And we do believe that the management of Albertsons is doing everything possible to maximize value. And so we feel like it was important to see that through and extend the lockup period with the consortium to give the Albertsons' management every opportunity to execute on their strategic alternatives review.
Conor Flynn: I think we've seen a little bit more opportunity, too, would you say, Ross, in the structured investments versus the core acquisitions as we're being patient, looking for those cracks. And we're seeing a lot of opportunity, I think, in the structured investment side with a little bit of higher return they want.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I'd say we're still benefiting too from the 3 major themes that pandemic induced and that's the first one is suburbanization. I think we've seen, obviously, an uptick in population around our portfolio. The second being work from home. There's still a hybrid model out there. So the traffic patterns are still robust to our portfolio as people are cooking more at home or going to the shopping center for lunch as they typically might have gone elsewhere or closer to the office. And then third and probably the most important is still sort of the last mile distribution component. Target just came out with a remarkable stat this past month, saying that it's 40% cheaper for them to deliver goods that are ordered online from their store base versus from a distribution center. So I think that is, again, in the first inning of sort of adoption across the retail landscape. We're very, very focused in being first and last mile retail. We think that value proposition is really going to be a major differentiator for us going forward.
Conor Flynn: Yes. The only thing I would add is the benefits of scale we have. When we look at our portfolio and we bid out recurring services and we bid out some of these items that go into our expenses, we obviously get a bulk discount just because of the size of the amount of services and goods that we're purchasing. And so with the amount of technology that we've embedded in the portfolio as well, I feel like our our expenses are -- we typically try and make sure that we have the lowest triple net costs in a trade area because of that efficiency of scale. So we are very mindful of that and use our scale to our advantage to keep our costs under control.
Conor Flynn: Really the other part is it's a focus on customer acquisition costs. I think when you look at the pure play e-commerce players, they have really been struggling to try and get control over their customer acquisition costs as sort of the major players that continue to boost the the costs involved with that. Advertising online continues to be extremely expensive, where I think the integration of the brick-and-mortar stores really allows them to have a pretty nice return in terms of customer acquisition costs and their margins are a lot healthier. So I think it's a net benefit for us as most pure e-commerce players, as you've seen, our opening physical stores.
Conor Flynn: We're very focused on continuing on the growth FFO path that we've been on. And I think when you look at the opportunity set that we have with the entitlements, we're going to be mindful of not activating too many all at once. But when we do activate them, we're going to see what's the best way to continue to enhance the FFO growth profile of the organization.
Conor Flynn: Really hasn't changed, Michael. I mean we've done sale leasebacks of that before in the past. We're in a position where, obviously, we can do more of that as well. We've been focused on the assets where they own their grocery store within an asset where we own the surrounding retail. So we get a cap rate compression on sort of the entire asset by controlling the grocery anchor. So we still have that part of the playbook available to us. So we'll continue to wait and see how the strategic alternatives play out, but that obviously is a game plan we've used before and continue to have that as an opportunity.
Conor Flynn: No. I think, Michael, the way to think about it is the marketable securities that we own will be used to be monetized and then those proceeds will be redistributed in the best investment vehicle possible. I mean, I think that's the easiest way to think about it. The unique sale-leaseback situations would be separate and apart from that.
Glenn Cohen: No. I mean, I think if you look at the second quarter, the $0.40, there's about $0.01 of all things that are more or less like one time. There's some LTAs in there. It was a little bit of a settlement on 1 of our joint ventures. And we did have about $4 million of benefit from credit loss related items, reversals of straight-line reserves as well as credit loss income. But we're not anticipating that level of credit loss income going forward in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned, we do have a range of $1 million to $6 million of credit loss, that's still in the numbers. So that's kind of where we get to that upper end of the range, which would imply roughly a $0.39 quarter for the third and fourth quarters. So we have those components baked into it. And again, we are cautiously optimistic, as Conor said, but we are watching pretty closely what's happening in the economy. We're watching interest rates and we think that the guidance that we put out, I'm happy that we've decreased it to the level that we have, but we want to keep it at the level that we feel is achievable.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add, if you think some of this cautious optimism is because of where the real estate is today. We spent a lot of years transforming the portfolio. So having it in these top markets embedded in the communities, has been -- it's just a real game changer. And you see it with whether it'd be the curbside pickup and the way many of the retailers are using their store today as really a fulfillment point. So that is a real -- we think that, that's a real benefit. And then if you look at the tenant mix that we have, it is essentially based, whether it'd be grocers, off-price, home improvement, and then just everyday goods and services, whether it'd be Dunkin' Donuts, Starbucks, [Begoguys], that stuff continues to be doing very, very well. So it gives us some comfort level, and we sit in our office in a shopping center and watch the traffic every day to kind of gauge it a little bit.
Glenn Cohen: Right. Now having said that, I will add, though, if inflation was to run at 10% or 12% a year, year after year, it would definitely have some impact. But I mean, we've built in, as Dave mentioned, an inflation factor into our fixed cam program. So we think we built it that it can absorb it.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean look, the lines are clearly blurring. Some of the e-commerce that you're talking about, the product itself is being picked up in the store. I mean that's where we've seen this big benefit of being -- we have the real estate is sitting today better than these markets. It's just -- it is a fulfillment point as well.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Again, when we look at the balance of the year, -- we think that we have a reasonable run rate in this $0.39 level have built into the guidance level, a certain amount of potential credit loss that we think we can absorb while we're doing it. But we do expect that same-site NOI remain positive for the year. Again, as I mentioned, there are pretty tough comps in the third and fourth quarters. But for the full year, we do expect that. Occupancy has increased certainly over the last year, and there's more minimum rent that's coming online. So that's all built into it as well. And then there are some investments that Ross has mentioned that were not really part of the initial plan that we're using the cash that's on the balance sheet and the return on that is quite favorable relative to the interest earned sitting in our investment bank accounts.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, look, the nice thing about the investment, if you do the dividend yield on our investment in Albertsons, almost anything that we do, whether it’d be debt pay down or any of the other investments that Conor just mentioned, it is going to be accretive. So we have a lot of good options available to us and hopefully a lot of opportunity.
Glenn Cohen: As it relates to the same-site guidance for the full year, as I mentioned, we expect it to be positive, we are not providing a range. You can see what's happened during the first half of the year. So we're sitting currently at 6.1% for the 6 months, 3.4% for the second quarter. But again, there's still some uncertainty in there, and we have these very difficult comps that are in the third and fourth quarter. So I really don't want to provide a range at this point. But to give you comfort that for the full year, it will be positive. As it relates to prior period rents from cash basis tenants, that was about $5 million that was collected and as I mentioned, we collected about 76% of the rent from those same cash basis tenants during the second quarter, so that difference that wasn't collected, which was reserved, is also about $5 million. So the net of that kind of -- they kind of wash out each other.
