Conor Flynn: Jeremy, I think, it's a good question. I mean, when you think about what landlords need to do today, we can't sit back. We really have to be engaged with driving traffic and just not rely on the retailers being the ones that are the focal point of the experience. So on the spending purposes, you really got to look at our costs have been relatively stable for the last few quarters in terms of deal costs, specific backfilling that we've been doing. On the redevelopment side, that's where we feel real opportunity for growth and the value our real estate. You see now that we've completed our first mixed-use redevelopment. And it was voted best new building in Philly and it's way ahead of our internal expectations. We have a big pipeline of future redevelopment opportunities. When look at our opportunities within the portfolio for mixed-use is pretty significant, but we continue to see the demand be there for our repositioning portfolio. I think the overwhelming seen when you talk to retailers today is that they're going to be investing in their most productive stores, and we want to invest alongside them. They're going to be remodeling, they're going to be adding significant technology inside the store. And when we look at what we can do from a landlord perspective, we can add amenities as well, whether it's Wi-Fi, whether it's right pickups, location, but significant below market leases are, obviously, still a critical advantage to Kimco. And that's where we see we can unlock the value of our real estate through repositioning.
Conor Flynn: Two other things that also impact the same-site, Jeremy, is that, there's about 35 to 40 basis point impact from the loss of Toys for - in 2018 and 2019 same-site level.
Conor Flynn: Okay. So let me try to take a piece at a time here. In terms of credit loss for prior years, it's run anywhere between 75 and 125 basis points in total. I think if you look for 2018, the credit loss was around 70 basis points. So we came in a little bit better for the year. So again, we feel comfortable at this 100 basis point credit loss level and that kind of takes into part of the guidance.
Conor Flynn: As it relates to the other category, again, that's an item for all our other accounts, including corporate taxes, non-real estate income, interest, dividend income and other non-real estate depreciation and amortization. So that number vary year-to-year. If you went back to 2016, it was a positive number. Last year, it was somewhat of an expense. We do expect higher interest dividend in other investment income from our non-real estate investments as well as you'll see further interest income that comes from our cash balances just because interest on those balances is higher than it has been as interest rates were a little bit higher from the Fed's activities. And we also do expect to have lower tax expense during 2019. During 2018, there were certain deferred tax valuation allowances that we took that won't repeat. I guess, your last question was on the G&A just quarter-over-quarter, you're right. So the leasing activity was strong. So you have some Internet leasing commissions that were capitalized as well as we do capitalize internal construction So the construction activity on the site is another component to the G&A capitalization as well as some system development capitalization related to the new ERP system that we're putting in place.
Conor Flynn: G&A capitalization will actually be less in 2019, primarily due to the $12 million that I mentioned for the internal leasing and legal commissions being expensed for the new guidance.
Conor Flynn: Well, as Glen mentioned, we have the low end of the guidance, really focused on liquidation of the actual entities there, but we'll have to wait and see. I mean, there's very clear that there are different forces at work there. And I believe it's on Monday when the to meet and decide on the fee. So we'll have to wait and see. We obviously have not been sitting back. We've been very proactive in terms of the locations we have remaining, but we don't necessarily have any visibility yet. So as soon as we gain visibility, we'll be able to share it. But again, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're very confident in our platform and being able to create value on those locations.
Conor Flynn: And on the redevelopment impact on the same-site NOI guidance range will be very muted for this year similar to last year.
Conor Flynn: So with regards to the stores that are continued to operate and about 30% to 35% of them, there's some rent modification of lease-term modification that we've worked out with them. We're all the sites. Besides that they had with us, they did reject 8 or 9 of the locations. We actually negotiated on one site to have - to do lease termination backfill opportunity on that. And then there was another site that actually had lease expiration was occurring during the bankruptcy. So the store we expected to close and to get back, but we have - majority of the stores are operating. And it's a company that came out of bankruptcy basic converting $3.3 billion of debt and being the balance sheet into equity. So it's a very strong balance sheet for the company going forward. So net-net, we have a much better credit on the 50-odd stores we have with them.
Conor Flynn: You'll see a level of dispositions that will fund the good portion of the development and redevelopments.
Conor Flynn: Craig, this is Conor. I think it's going to be a trend that continue that will see the majority of them convert to that. You've seen recently that is no longer doing e-commerce delivery of groceries. I think a lot of retailers are figuring out how to drive traffic back into the store and click and collect or buy online and pick up a store has become a boost to not only the actual retailer themselves, but to the store traffic. So I think we've seen a lion share of them starting to implement it. And I think that will continue as really as the new retail way evolves. I think the shopping center is well positioned because of the convenience factor to really capture that because typically the shopping centers, they closes to your house or they closes to where you work. And so buying online and picking up in store is, ultimately, a very convenient way to get what you need.
Conor Flynn: Absolutely. I think when you think of the store reformatting, there's going to be ways where they can, obviously, get the once you get the person inside the store. So there's a lot of data coming out in terms of how much of the incremental consumer once you get them in the store. So it's not just what they ordered online, but they always seem to buy something else once they're inside the store. So retailers, I think, will take advantage of that. And then we can take advantage of the increase traffic and make sure we're trying to increase cross shopping as much as possible and take advantage of that increase traffic.
Conor Flynn: Yes. So in terms of leverage, I mean, again, we want to get down to around the 5.5x consolidated net debt to EBITDA and then about a term less when you on a basis, including the joint ventures and the preferred. So somewhere in that approaching a 6.5x over time. Leverage will stay relatively the same as we go through the year, but you'll start to see leverage coming down as we look into 2020 with more and more EBITDA growth coming at basically the same debt levels. So you'll start to see it's coming down into 2020 and beyond.
Conor Flynn: I think you had some rent commencements that accelerated, which was definitely helpful. And retention of tenants was, obviously, very important to the puzzle and then credit losses were a little bit better as well.
Conor Flynn: It does start to moderate. I mean, when you look the pipeline of projects that we have in the supplemental, you'll see that the development pipeline starts to skinny down. as those projects really deliver. And what I mentioned in my script is, we'll be looking to a lot of our redevelopment opportunities as we think that's the best risk adjusted return for the long term for the company. But we plan to really have, again, that $200 billion to $300 billion range going forward as an annual investment spend and to deliver significant recurring growth for us in the future.
Conor Flynn: Again, most of our anchors have pretty sizable mark-to-market on it. We didn't specifically call out with the mark-to-market is for '19. But again, from what we've done over the last several years, it somewhere in that 30% plus range. So again - and depending on what happens with Kmart, it could really be sizable when you look into '19. We can follow and give you the specific numbers of the leases that are expiring at that options. And typically, what we've been north of 30% on the mark-to-market when leases more options.
Conor Flynn: We've always had an opportunistic investment arm of the company that looks potential retailers that are real estate rich. And the key there is real estate rich. And so I think when we look at our how much real estate they still own on the Coast, we believe long term that investment and actually has paid off quite handsomely to date. So we believe that that's a pretty unique opportunity said that we have a Kimco. Now the population of retailers that actually real estate has So that may limit the opportunities in the future. And we also want to measure how much we have invested at anyone point in time So our focus is really on harvesting and making sure that we can redeploy that capital back into the portfolio fund redevelopment, pay down debt and get to our long-term positioning that we really want.
Conor Flynn: There's still a very large disconnect between public and private pricing. I think when you look at the shopping center as a whole, there's trades that happen every day. So it's a very - the price discovery occurs regularly. And so for us to execute on a $1 billion of disposition and see that it's really in that 7.6% cap rate range, I feel like we've really executed well on our strategy. And now, we're starting significant capital formation for shopping centers from private equity and other owners that the fundamental that we've been producing consistently. And so that's really where I think differentiates our sector from others in the retail world is the fundamentals are starting to actually shine and people are starting to notice that.
Conor Flynn: There's a lot of targeted towards adding Phase III of Damien to the supplemental. That's the new project that we added.
Conor Flynn: Yes. So on the renewals, our trailing fourth quarter has usually been around at 7%. This quarter, it was slightly lower just over 5%. We did over 200 renewals this quarter. And they're really three that drove to down below that 5%. So if you remove actually bringing back to the trailing around seven. So it's fairly consistent what we've seen in the past. And on the shop space side, shop spaces, small shops are typically closer to market. And you do see upside on renewals and if they exercise the options around the 3% to 4% range. And so you'll continue to see that going forward, especially, with the higher retention levels.
Conor Flynn: No. There was one Mattress Firm, which was a slight concession for shorter period of time. And then the other one was an adjustment to market. Again, keeping them in place while we look another opportunity to redevelop.
Conor Flynn: Quarter-by-quarter, it always moves around little bit, but you'll probably see a higher towards the back end of the year fourth quarter should be higher.
Conor Flynn: No. I mean, dispositions are in our guidance number. I mean - and again, the dispositions are also, as I mentioned, will fund a good portion of our development and redevelopment spend during the year. So there is a level of disposition that is baked into this guidance number. We think disposition is part of the natural management function for the company going forward. So in that $200 million to $300 million range, we think it's a natural run rate to continue to constantly evolve our portfolio focus on where demographics occurring and continuing to execute that. So we don't build up a future larger disposition pipeline.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I think that's an accurate statement. We've seen in the core major markets locations, grocery anchor continues to be very aggressively priced. I mentioned a couple of the examples of ones in the major markets in the West Coast that are sub-5%. You've seen a little bit of widening out of grocery anchor deals in the secondary and tertiary markets to come more in line with some of the other cap rates on power centers and otherwise within those markets. And we've talked about, there's a pretty significantly changing evolving grocery landscape. So I think that's something that investors are taking a look and really have to be careful to the sales per square foot as well as the performance and the financial viability of the specific user. So by way of example, again, we talked a little bit about the three sale leaseback properties that we acquired on the West Coast. Those locations, we're doing a blended $775 a square foot in the sales. So very attractive opportunities. That's where, I think, investors are becoming much more focused on the performance of the existing grocer as well as their financial viability longer term.
Conor Flynn: Yes. 6 to 9 months, I'd say pushing it back even in the last 12 months from - in 2018 over the course of the year. I think, you've probably seen a widening of maybe 50 or 75 basis points in those secondary and tertiary markets if the grocery performance is not well above the average.
Glenn Cohen: So our guidance includes a few things and some of things that I've already mentioned. But credit loss - there's a 100 basis points of credit loss that's baked into the number. So that gets you at the lower end. You'd have further bankruptcies, potentially that would come through. The impact of Sears and what happens to the rest of the leases there has some impact on the lower end. On the upper end of the guidance, again, if better credit loss comes in, that will be a positive to it. Further lease up and additional rent commencements as we go through the year is another part to the positive side.
Glenn Cohen: In addition, again, a key component to the growth is the developments coming online. As I ioned [ph], it's $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI that is in the numbers. So depending on the timing of that, speed or slow down for any reason, that has some impact as well within that guidance range.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, we continue to see the growth category and in the health and wellness section, the service the hair salons, nails, the specialty fitness is continuing to be a growing category as well as medical, the urgent care facility, et cetera, continuing to rise the top with complimented by S&P as a growing category with all the franchises that continue to expand and do well. So we continue to do that on a go-forward basis. I think the other big component of us exceeding our small shop trend is the retention levels. Our retention levels are significantly higher than they've been in the past. And that directly attributed to a higher-quality portfolio. When you just look at the velocity of vacates in our small shop year-over-year, it's down almost 30% to 40%. So there's evidence that we're retaining higher-quality tenants for longer and they're renewing. So we'll continue to see that trend going forward.
Glenn Cohen: Christie, it's, Glenn. So the $20 million that we've talked about during the year, as I mentioned on - in my prepared remarks, the range we're using is $16 million to $18 million. And the reason is that more has come online actually at the end of 2018. So the incremental amount - the total number is still the same, but the incremental amount is just a little bit less. So the projects are moving along the lease up has gone very well. So baked into the numbers, again, the $16 million to $18 million of incremental development NOI coming off from those projects.
Glenn Cohen: Right. So when you think about the development spend and the redevelopment spend, somewhere in this $250 to $325-ish range. There will be dispositions. And the dispositions will fund a good portion of that I'd say. And then the balance because we do not have any expectations to issue equity nor do we have any expectations to range any other debt or anything during the year, the balance would come from funding from our revolving credit facility and our cash on hand that's available.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, you have different populations as we've sold lots of assets. And we think that our range of 1.5% to 2.5%, as we roll of our budget, is a pretty reasonable place to start for the year. We have taken into account what's happening really at the tenant level. We'll have to see what happens with Kmart and some other. So it's really an initial range based on our original forecast - our initial forecast, I should say.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I think the dividend payout ratio will come down modestly this year a little bit, but again, it's still relatively close to that 100% level. You'll start to see really start improving as we go into 2020 and 2021 as EBITDA really starts to ramp up from the coming online of our really our development projects and our redevelopment projects starting to kick in, places like Pentagon and The Boulevard on Staten Island. And then, in terms of the target, we want to try and get back down to a high 80s percent dividend payout coverage.
Glenn Cohen: You're right set for Monday. So we'll have to see how it unfolds. The 13 are in our current pipeline for redevelopment, but clearly, some of them land themselves to future redevelopment. We don't have visibility on which ones we'll be able to recapture. But clearly, as I mentioned earlier, we've been sitting back, we've been proactive getting ready to recapture all of them. So we'll have to wait and see in terms of where is the visibility is coming from and then see what we can recapture. There's a lot of value we believe with our platform that we can create, and we'll see if we can recapture them
Glenn Cohen: No. I think you're spot on. When you look at the portfolio today, we feel like we've really done the heavy lifting to transform the portfolio to what we believe is a high-quality, high barrier-to-entry that we unlock a lot of value from going forward. We put a lot of time and effort into getting the portfolio to where we believe the future of retail is headed. That convenience factor that we believe is so critical to the consumer today. And now, we're really excited to showcase what the portfolio can do and how the tremendous amount of redevelopment opportunity in the future as we work to entitle really unlocking the highest best use from our asset base. So to your point, we believe we'll transform the assets. And now, it's on us to continue to grow going forward.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Some of it's timing. And the spend that was done really during '18. Some of it shifted back into '19, but it's primarily driven by Damien Phase II, Pentagon Phase III and The Boulevard. I mean, those are the predominant sites that are capitals earmarked for.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It's a good question. We've reduced our exposure to power centers from the dispositions. I would say just to be clear, though, we don't believe that all power centers created equally. So we do feel very agnostic between power grocery depending on location, demographics, density, et cetera. So we did modestly reduce our exposure to power centers. But again, we're still feeling very comfortable with the power centers that we have remaining in the portfolio. In terms of the actual number of power centers that we sold this year, yes, it's approximately 12 to 16 depending on the classification but it was about 16 power centers for - I'd say of the top of my head and I could follow with the exact, but it was about 35% to 40% of the asset sales volume sold was through power centers.
Glenn Cohen: Lease spreads, I think, it's pretty consistent from what it - what happened last year. So I'd say trailing 12
David Jamieson: So as it relates to the toys boxes, we'll start to see the cash flow from the re-leasing accelerate to the back half of this year. So that helps offset some of the total impact about 25 basis points of dilution for '19. And with the balance of our boxes that we have, we have with a number of tenants. So we feel good about the remaining basis that we have. As it relates to Mattress Firm...
David Jamieson: Well, the interesting thing with the rent loss is that because it's case Mattress Firm case is going to be 100 plan getting about a one year rent damage claim for all the 10 locations that we've gotten back. So for '19, we'll cover all the money basically.
David Jamieson: So part of the benefit large dispositions we did, we just have a much better and stronger performing portfolio today than we did a year ago.
