Dave Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's Third Quarter Earnings Call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors.  Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Dave Bujnicki: We want to make this an efficient process. So, you may ask one question with an additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. You may take the first caller.
Dave Bujnicki: Just I want to thank everybody that participated on the call today. We look forward to connecting with a number of you at next week's upcoming NAREIT conference. Until then, have a great weekend.
Ross Cooper: Thanks, Conor. And good morning. It's been quite an exciting quarter at Kimco and the excitement has continued into the fourth quarter, as I will discuss shortly. There is no question that open air shopping centers provide one of the best risks adjusted returns of all asset classes. We continue to see additional capital sources, new and old, gaining conviction in quality, open air retail, leading to the compression of cap rates. We are fortunate to be in a position with multiple investment strategies that enable us to be active when opportunities arise but also patient when things become too frantic.  With the finalization of the Weingarten merger, we've been able to execute on several accretive investments and new initiatives. And with the addition of new joint venture partners inherited through Weingarten, we are excited about potential growth opportunities. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired the remaining 70% interest in a portfolio of six Publix -anchored, Sunbelt region shopping centers from our existing joint venture partner, Jamestown, for a gross purchase price of $425.8 million.  The Publix-anchored assets represent over 1.2 million square feet of gross leasable area in infill markets throughout the Southeast, with 5 located in the top-performing South Florida market and one in the high growth Atlanta market. Subsequently, Kimco entered into a joint venture partnership with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, under which we will both own 50% and Kimco will continue to manage the portfolio. It is rare to have the ability to buy a portfolio like this with short-term mark-to-market opportunities and exceptional tenant sales. We are thrilled to be partnering with Blackstone again on our new strategic venture.  Also, post-quarter-end, and in-line with our value creation strategy, we were successful in buying out our partner's 85% interest in 2 grocery-anchored centers in California. Anaheim Plaza is one of the jewels of our Southern California portfolio. with extraordinary highway visibility on frontage and two grocery anchors at the same property, both performing exceptionally well. The second asset is Brookdale shopping center, located in Fremont, California, anchored by a lucky supermarket and CVS. The gross purchase price of the two assets was $134 million.  Turning to our redevelopment program, it continues to move ahead, beginning with property level entitlements and then selectively and creatively activating a few at a time. While the structure and exit strategy are determined on a case-by-case basis, we see the upside, knowing these infill locations are being built at a significant relative spread to the stabilized cap rate. Comps in multi-family industrial and other asset classes are regularly transacting with cap rates starting in the twos and threes.  Additionally, we're continuing our structured investment program with a disciplined approach and an emphasis placed on location, demographics, quality of tenancy, and operational strength of the sponsors. We view the base case of these investments as a true win-win, either generating an attractive return with a repayment down the road, or exercising our right of first refusal and owning the properties outright. On that front, we completed a $21.5 million mezzanine financing on a strong performing center in San Antonio called Alamo Ranch. In just a few short months, San Antonio has gone from a market that was on our target list at Kimco to a major contributor in our portfolio with the Weingarten merger and now our second structured investment there.  We continue to pursue additional opportunities in San Antonio, one of the fastest-growing MSAs in the country. We also sold 3 small low growth assets this quarter, 2 single tenant boxes, and an undeveloped parcel for a total of 23.5 million at a flat 5% cap. While these positions will remain a relatively small component of our investment strategy, we will be prudent in disposing of low growth assets and undeveloped parcels from which we can redeploy the capital. To repeat Conor 's statement, we are confident that the best is yet to come. Off to Glenn for the financials.
Ross Cooper: Okay, thanks. Going back to the shop leasing really quick. Is there anything you can tell us in terms of the trends you're seeing in that space? How much of that demand may have been in that demand which tend to categories and generating most inquiries and demand for space? Any color there would be appreciated.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I think we believe that our dispositions program will continue to be just a pruning of select assets for a variety of reasons. I did mention how there are several joint venture partners that we have that might be looking to exit. So, we have conversations with them every day. Many of the assets of which we're talking to them about potentially buying out their position, depending on where that pricing is or the quality of those assets. Some of them defer. We may be market sellers if we think the pricing is too aggressive or the asset just doesn't necessarily fit the growth profile for the portfolio.  So, you may see a little bit more activity from the joint venture portfolio both on buyouts and some potential spike dispositions. Otherwise, part of what we inherited with the Weingarten portfolio as well as from the previous Kimco portfolio, is some undeveloped land parcels that we're constantly evaluating as to whether we believe they're prudent to be developed over time, or if we are better off recycling that capital, selling from non-income producing assets, and then taking that capital for higher growth opportunities. So that's really where you're going to see the bulk of the disposition activity. But again, we don't think it's going to be a tremendous component of our capital set.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, thanks, Rich. Good question. So, leasing spread, I imagine each quarter, it's really dependent on the population that is rolling and gets executed quarter-over-quarter. So, you do see volatility in that number. Some quarters you could have significantly below market leases that role and you execute and any obviously you'll get a real net benefit out of that. This quarter we had, outsized amount of small shop volume, that came through which is typically closer to market. So that's where you see that sub-5 range for this quarter, but it's not indicative necessarily what could happen next quarter if you have some outsized anchor activity that has a significant below market value that you can recapture. So, when you look at what we've been doing over the last trailing eight quarters and maintaining that positive spread. There is some volatility in that number, and it's really just indicative of what's rolling.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, sure. Happy to address that, Alex. As it relates to the venture with Blackstone, these are clearly 6 assets that we felt very strongly about. Between the location, Publix being one of the best grocery anchors that you can possibly have with exceptional sales. As I mentioned, the script, having near-term mark-to-market opportunities in Publix anchored centers is somewhat rare. So, when you look at the vintage of those assets, it gives us an opportunity to create some additional growth probably sooner than some other opportunities that we have in the portfolio with Publix. So, we're really excited about that. We're really excited about re-engaging our venture with Blackstone after a very successful one several years ago. Underwriting is still a very specific exercise.  If you look at every single asset, every single space taken into consideration the growth in the market's demographics, where the population growth is coming from, and just making sure that we have very strong conviction in our ability to push rents. We're not looking to invest in assets that don't have out-sized growth. So, the ones that you do see us pulling the trigger on, you can rest assure that we believed very strongly that we're going to be able to push that out-sized growth beyond the average of our portfolio.  So, I don't think that there's anything specifically changing in terms of our underwriting strategy, whether it's a single asset or portfolio. It's really just making sure that we look at every single asset, every single space, and feel pretty good that there is below market leases that we can push over time.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, it's hard to predict. We have opportunities to discuss things sooner than later, hopefully with the grocery anchors. So, the timing is going to depend on where those negotiations go. But, like I said, we're very confident that the growth there is going to outpace the average of our portfolio, hopefully by a wide margin.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. Great question. Dynamic is always evolving and I think where we are today is there's so much pent-up demand on the open to buy-side for retailers. So, you have some retailers that have really expanded the breadth of their offering. They have multiple brands that they're looking to expand, TJX being a great example. And they actually increased their open-to-buy targets. So that just makes them more competitive for space. They want space, they need to grow. I think COVID -- the silver lining through COVID is that brick-and-mortar is essential for any omni -channel strategy. Retailers have really come to appreciate that. Customers have appreciated that. It's a great form of distribution.  The margins are better there. And then thirdly, obviously there's no news development supply coming online. It's really COVID inventory that's getting absorbed. So, to that third point, I think generally speaking, as more of that gets absorbed, you're able to push friends further north. That said to Connor's point earlier, we are seeing REM progressions in the Sunbelt and coastal markets, Southern California, for example, is becoming extremely competitive. Where we are seeing some nice traction pushing that run forward even beyond where we were pre -pandemic levels. But I'd say generally speaking, you are in a very healthy environment from the landlord perspective as a result of all those variables. Thank you.
Glenn Cohen: information technology, and the longer-term contracts at Weingarten had had where we can now merge them and or dissolve at some in time will create some additional synergies that will help us push that number further northward. From the outset, we felt very good. We invested a tremendous amount of time upfront with the integration management office, kicking off 60 days prior to the merger. We really did a deep dive on how the combined Company will look and operate, which enabled us obviously to achieve the numbers we did today and feel very good about what's going to get happen in 2022.
Glenn Cohen: I do. I think it goes back to the validation of open-air, and the validation that brick-and-mortar is an essential part of any retailer strategy. We've obviously gone through a very volatile evolution over the last 6 years about people's views and opinions, and now the market's responded to different ideas related to e-commerce and whether or not what's essential. But let's go all the way back to the core basics. People like to engage, people like to touch and feel product, retailers need multiple forms of distribution to reach that customer. And so, brick-and-mortar we see it very much as being essential to them.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, the question is whether or not least economic will expand or contract as we look out into the future. And I think what we could see is 300 basis points is more or less at our high watermark on a historic basis. And you could see some additional expansion as we approach first part of '22, but as these tenants start to come online and open, you are going to start to see that compression set in through the back half of '22 and into '23. And then, I believe our normalizer is on 170 basis points on spread.  I don't think you see that for a period of time, but you are right. To your points about supply and opening to something that we watch it very, very closely. We worked hand-in-hand with our tenants. We have a very substantial tenant coordination program, which really is designed to shepherd tenants through the permitting and build-out process.  Those that don't have the resources available to them to address all of these issues that are coming out to the market. Obviously, that's been really helpful. In addition to that, we're trying to get well ahead on pre -ordering supplies and materials when we can, when it makes sense. We all lived through the backlog. It doesn't matter who you are and no one's immune to it. So, we're just eyes wide open about that process. We will manage it as best we can and apply the resources that we need to do to get it done.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Well, on the retailer side, I mean, prior to the transaction, we're typically the largest landlord for a lot of these retail partners. So that's just compounded as a result of the merger. That conversation obviously always has its benefits. They can pull both ways, dependent on what's being discussed. But in general, it does afford us the opportunity to be out in front of those retail partners. They have a very aggressive opening buy strategy. We now have over 560 sites that we can show them to help accommodate and still fill that void.  Obviously, you can do that at scale. That's a good thing for both parties. But also helps us progress the conversation beyond that. Retailers are trying to figure out and innovate and change to become and stay more relevant to the customer. We want to work with them to be part of that solution and understand from a landlord perspective, what do we need to do? So, it creates a very, very constructive dialogue to help drive our business forward and to your point, revenue and top-line growth.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, happy to address that. So, for us, we really view it as a significant level of optionality. We've said, even as we've been skinning down our joint venture exposure over the last 7 or 8 years, on the Kimco side, we've had 3 very strong long-term partners that we continue to do business with. And as we've said from the start that we like having the ability to potentially grow opportunistically if there is the reason to bring in a new partner, like you felt here on this particular transaction.  But for those that are potentially looking for a monetization event, we are willing and able to be able to have that discussion with them, hopefully in a negotiated basis, if not having that right of first refusal to be ready to take advantage of that if the partners looking to exit. So, one of the nice benefits that we see in the Weingarten merger is after getting down to really just three major partners on a Kimco side, there are now about 14 new joint venture partners from that transaction, some of which are looking to do long-term business with Kimco and we welcome that.  Others that are potentially looking to take some chips off the table or monetize their retail investments, and we're also prepared to have those discussions as well. And we are having those conversations as we speak. So, for us, given all the levers that we have, Conor mentioned and Glenn both mentioned in their prepared remarks. Between the significant amount of cash availability on our credit facility, ultimately, Albertsons monetization opportunity, we'll just be very prudent and selective with where we want to utilize that capital, but having a lot of different ways to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves.
Glenn Cohen: Right now, we're tracking around $25 million to about $30 million potentially that could flow in '22. And that would be obviously back-loaded.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I think again, it's -- on the retailer demand, it's a lot of the points that I mentioned earlier, Craig, but it's appreciating that the value of brick-and-mortar is real. The operators see it in their margins, consumer s see the convenience and the efficiencies, the last mile distribution. It goes into this very complex network of how to distribute goods from the retailer to the customer. And so, I think COVID -- the irony of COVID was it sort of validated that open-air was really essential. It's closest to the customer.  I think you also now have this hybrid work environment. We don't really know what that will look like long term, but I think the one thing that's clear is going to be a little bit different for everyone. And as a result of that, you are having people that are staying more in that first-ring suburban markets that are maybe starting to appreciate the value proposition there too, which also then creates an opportunity to engage in open-air out in the first-ring suburbs where the majority of all of our portfolio resides. We're seeing that benefit as well, and that could probably carry longer term into the market.  So, I think you're just starting to see all these pieces that were in flux and in development over multiple years come to a head and now creating this environment that we're in today. So going forward, I think you'll continue to see the open-to-buys be aggressive as we start to absorb that COVID inventory. And then, from there, I think the consumer s in a very strong position right now to take advantage of that.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. I mean, again, we want to try and keep it in that 6 to 6.5 times range on a total look through basis. So, we're on a proforma basis. We're right in that sweet spot right now. And again, we continue to focus on just bringing leverage down over time. I think as you continue to see EBITDA grow, again, we're being very cautious about how much debt comes on. We've been doing a lot to reduce debt levels, absolute debt levels over time. Again, the Weingarten merger added $8 billion in total, doing $7 billion on a face value, $8 billion on a fair market value adjustment. But again, on an absolute basis, you'll continue to see us reduce debt and we continue to try and reduce as much secured debt as we can as well. So, we did assume about 300 million of mortgages. But over time, we'll just continue to pay those off with unsecured debt or cash flows from the Company.
Glenn Cohen: Sure Katie. We're in the process of going through our '22 budgets now. So, when you look at our '22 rollover schedule and for anchor is it is below market and it's below our anchor baggage trends as well, so we do see a nice mark-to-market opportunities. As we either start to renew those leases, avoids where we're well underway there and or sign new leases. So, we do see a net benefit as we go into 22, but we're in the process of finalizing our budgets right now and we'll have a better perspective in the net call.
Glenn Cohen: have fewer promotion. So, there's a smaller promotional window which helps drive top-line revenues, which is in a benefit to them. So, it's a really interesting dynamic that's all playing out. On the labor shortage side, obviously there are a number of job openings now. It's very robust job market job for it's just always driving 500 --
Glenn Cohen: -- Yes. I mean, that's very encouraging, but yeah there's clearly a need for more workers at the retailers and the restaurants. And I think that will continue to play out through the first part of '22.
Glenn Cohen: I'm sure. Again, we issued some -- we used the ATM a little bit during the quarter. Again, it was really to match up against some of the investment opportunities that we had and again, just a continued focus on a balance of our capital structure to further improve our leverage metrics. So, we're always looking at our cost-to-capital, and we're looking at the opportunities that we have ahead of us. So, it's the modest supplement of equity during the quarter to match up related -- some very accretive investments that we have.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. If we are, as I mentioned, we ended the quarter with over -- we have a $480 million on the balance sheet. We have some obviously activity nevertheless mentioned subsequent to quarter-end. So, it's still sitting with $330 million of cash, no real near-term debt maturities, and full access to our revolver. In addition, we have the Albertsons investment. So, we're in very, very strong liquidity position to deal with things that are upcoming.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I think the next couple of years could be somewhat reflected today as well. So, just thinking of geographic first, could you mention that the Sunbelt, out of the 141 leases that we signed this quarter, over 52% came from Sunbelt markets. And then within that the substantial majority were actually coastal Sunbelt. So, I think you will continue to see that trend progress over the next couple of years. That is where population growth is continuing to rise greater than the rest of the country. Second to that though, on the coastal markets, for that remaining, say 48% of leases signed, it was heavily weighted towards the coastal markets. I think you still see that high demand there.  So, between the coastal Sunbelt, that's where we have seen the majority of activity. Beyond that too, like Southern California, as I mentioned earlier, is extremely aggressive. It's a very, very tight market to penetrate. So, this COVID inventory created opportunities, multiple demand factors that helped push rents further north. In the north east, it's typically been a fairly mature portfolio, usually having higher occupancy levels. And so, it's just their natural constraints there to actually add any new supply as well, and people wanting to penetrate Long Island, for example. I think it will continue to be difficult. So, when there is that opportunity, do you see multiple bidders at the table wanting to enter the market? And then I think that's what you continue to see play out over the next couple of years.
Glenn Cohen: So, when we actually quote -- when we first went under contract on the transaction, their occupancy levels are less than ours. But by the time we actually closed, it was very, very close to where we were. So, we're getting that net benefit now, those signed leases that have yet to slow. And so, we always have the original thesis that it was a very complementary portfolio be additive in nature. I think when you look at the small shop gains that we had about a 180 basis points, a 120 wedge came from the Weingarten portfolio 60 of which came from Kimco gains, which was one of our high watermarks as well, quarter-over-quarter. So, you're so, seeing a real benefit there from Weingarten. And then obviously combined as the entity where we're both growing together now.
Glenn Cohen: It's a good question. We thought long and hard about the best approach here. We have a huge, tremendous amount of respect for Blackstone. We've continued conversations with them since the success of our early venture. Ultimately, we felt that it was a perfect opportunity for us to reengage the venture that we had with them. We think that there could be some future opportunities here and this could be the beginning. There's no guarantees one way or the other. But we thought this was a great jumping point given all the activities that we have in the market, all the things that we see. to engage that adventure and see where it takes us. So, that's really what the conversation was and we're excited about it.
Glenn Cohen: It's a great question. I think there's a few components that we have to look at when it comes to Albertsons because of the significant increase in its value. Keep in mind our basis is incredibly low, our basis today is still a little over a $100 million. So, the real governing factor for us is real compliance. So, if you think about the real rules, 75% of your gross revenues have to come from real estate related items.  So that leaves about -- you have 5% net income bucket and then, you have the other 20% that could be interest in dividends and capital gains. So, the governor is going to be, how much our gross revenues are? And our gross revenues today, on a look-forward basis with the merger, somewhere around $1.8 billion. So, monetization-wise, about somewhere around $350 million to $400 million a year of gain is what we could absorbed today. The larger the gross revenue number is, the more we could do. But I would say today that we're looking at somewhere around $400 million on an annual basis is what we can do.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, the $0.37, $0.38 level, again, that is a recurring rate. As I mentioned, the third quarter did have some call it one-time in nature items. You had some real benefit coming from the improvement in credit loss, and we did have about a penny coming from just higher lease termination fees and some of the contributions from the joint ventures on a one-time basis. But $0.37, $0.38 is really a recurring number that we would expect in the fourth quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Obviously, the last few quarters have been very strong with, on average, about 30 basis point gains between when you blend the 2 together. I tend to like to look back to try to understand what's going to happen going forward. During the Great Recession, when we're going through the recovery period, we averaged about a 15-basis point gain, when -- over an extended period of time to recover back to the occupancy that we lost. Now when you look at the pandemic and COVID, we ended up losing less, about 270 basis points versus around 400 basis points in occupancy; it was over a much shorter period of time. So, you're starting to see that recovery cycle pick up a little bit sooner. And when I look out, if you're ranging that 10 to 30 basis point occupancy gains quarter-over-quarter, that feels about right.
Glenn Cohen: Has to go off, has to go off. Push it every day, push as aggressively as we can. And then, hoping with the higher-quality portfolio and all the efforts in the investments that we made at site -- on-site is that we have that opportunity to do you so. I think we're well positioned to do it. One thing we haven't mentioned is the pandemic really shined a light on the quality of the landlord. And the landlord and its ability to make critical investments for the health and support.  And in some cases, the survivability of the tenant when we launched that TAP program back in April of 2020. It was a real lifeline to help a lot of these great operators that we're just struggling through something that was completely outside of their control. And that helped us really secure and retain a number of tenants, and you start to see that now with our retention levels. Achievement is of historic highs on our end as well. So, I think when you mix-in all of these components, we have the right ingredients, and now it's incumbent upon us to execute.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Yes, we mentioned is 180 basis point gain, 120 of those basis points were related to Weingarten and 60 was related to Kimco.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. I think it's important to look at our redevelopment pipeline in 2 separate but complementary categories. The first is our core retail and repositioning effort. So, the repositioning and remerchandising of the anchor boxes, building a better mouse trap for the existing retailers, that's where you're going to continue to see a lot of investment, and we're just in the process of integrating those opportunities and those projects into the combined Kimco portfolio, so that should start to be reflected in the coming quarters. And then the second part of that is obviously our signature program.  The one project we did activate earlier on was The Milton, the second tower at the Pentagon, where we had recently completed the Whitmer, and that's a 250 residential unit project. And when we look at those projects going forward, we have a real menu of options. We have over 4,000 in total residential units that we can draw upon now. Our goal is to obviously expand the entitled and the built population to over 10,000 -- 10,000 to 12,000 in the next five years. So, we'll look at those selectively and determine at what point in time it makes sense to activate them. And at what structure. And the structure will then -- it influences in factor and how much capital we actually have to deploy out in the market.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. It's hard to quantify right now, but anecdotally what you're seeing is, retailer is looking to potentially either expand their back of house so they are looking for some additional square footage to do some inventory. You're also seeing others like some of the grocers that are actually repurposing some of their square footage within the four walls to utilize for last mile fulfillment and micro fulfillment. And so, they'll actually receive the goods from the loading dock and then, split and distribute them into different categories. One goes to Florida.  So, the customers that walk in the store while the balance goes to the micro -fulfillment's facility, which is actually within their existing four walls. And I think what you're seeing right now is all the retailers that have the means, experimenting with what works best for them. I can't say that I'm an expert on supply chain logistics and distribution, but I know it's really complex and so it's really about foundationally how they're set up. But it is clear that we are having these conversations and that last mile, a brick-and-mortar distribution is going to be a critical part for them going forward.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. Chris, there actually is a small amount of debt about $170 million on that portfolio, which we assumed in the new joint venture.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it does. We're having conversations now internally with the partnership, and we'll determine what the next steps are there. The expectation though, is, again, with this partnership, as you've seen in many of our joint ventures that they'll be property level debt on it.
Glenn Cohen: As we've talked about, and again, it is clearly an objective and a goal of ours to get put on positive outlook and eventually get to an A3 A - level. We think it's a separator -- a differentiator for us. And it's something that we think actually should just happen naturally as EBITDA continues to grow, and we continue to just improve overall capital structure. I mean, we really check almost all the boxes for them. Some monetization of Albertsons, I think over time will -- should hopefully steal the deal for them.
Conor Flynn: Some pretty significant pricing power on escalating rents in the Sunbelt. I think that's where you're going to see the spreads continue to be quite strong as we're seeing really the market rent growth there outpaced the rest of the country.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. As we noted in the remarks, we have a lot of optionality. I think that's the beauty of where we sit today, Rich. If you look at the business and where we sit, we've got obviously a lot of leasing momentum. Clearly, we're going to allocate a lot of capital to that. That's our first priority as that really fuels the earnings growth. Then we have redevelopment opportunity as well. You've seen the entitlement work we've done throughout the portfolio. And the nice part is we're seeing a lot of external growth opportunities as well as Ross outlined. We do have some debt reduction opportunities as Glenn outlined in his script. We're going to look at the menu and see what's really the most accretive towards our FFO growth because that's really where we're focused and we have a lot of different levers to pull, so it's a nice bucket of capital to redeploy. It's not earning a tremendous amount right now, so we're going to be prudent with it and recognize that we have a great, great many to select from.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, there are, yes. So, we're really proud of the team and how we're able to integrate both companies so quickly that the majority of those initial synergies were really related to staffing and G&A, which is something that you could anticipate and plan for pre -merger. What we're really seeing now as an opportunity, once we merge these companies and really looked at professional services,
Conor Flynn: Maybe one thing I would add is Kimco is laser focused on efficiency. We always have been built-in -- has ingrained that in our DNA. So yes, we're happy with the integration and where it is today, but we're a combined entity going forward. And so, we'll make sure that same focus continues going forward.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yeah. There's demand across almost all categories right now. Grocery is the obvious one. They're the clear beneficiary of the pandemic. They now have the surplus cash that they're looking to reinvest in their four walls. Expand our open-to-buy, grab market share and really investors future, so how did they create better connected to the customers. So that's going to be really important for them as well as all sectors. Off-price, as I mentioned earlier at CJ about bras, Burlington, and others, Old Navy, they're all actively expanding their footprint.  Again, they see, I think all retailers see this opportunity, where it's a short window to upgrade the quality of their portfolio. Maybe penetrate a market or expand their market share in certain areas that pre -pandemic there was no inventory available. And so, you do have this COVID inventory that's creating this unique opportunity for them. But what I found was actually interesting.  This last quarter when we go back to our small shop activity, is that 35% of our new deal activity was related to restaurants, and the fast casual side on the small shop side. So, it's nice to see the fast casual and QSRs are coming back; the crumble cookies of the world, etc. So, you're starting to see that expand out. And I think as COVID anxiety starts to subside, people want to go back and reengage.  They want to socialize for social creatures. That's creating that opportunity on the food service side. Fitness, that the value-oriented fitness, Planet Fitness. I mentioned early on several quarters ago that planning crunch. And I'm very proactive and wanting to expand their footprint and recapture. You're also seeing that now extend out into the boutique fitness categories. So that's again, attracting the small shops.  So, you are really seeing it from a variety of areas and then people are playing with formats. With [Indiscernible] who's experimenting with the smaller format right now. So, it's giving them optionality, appreciating that they may be able to provide different service offerings to different customers and different areas. And so, it's important that they have a power to lakefront.
Conor Flynn: We're more convinced than ever that last mile retail is where we want to be and where we want to continue to focus strategy. If you look back five years ago, that's exactly where we're focused. And so, we feel like we're in a really good spot to benefit from that increased demand.
Conor Flynn: I would just have the one big benefit that Kimco has is our scale and our efficiencies of scale. So, we were not buying small amounts of HVAC units or roofing materials or anything that's needed for a fit-out for a specific tenant. We usually buy in bulk and we usually get premier pricing as well as relationship pricing. So, we feel like we have the ability to, as Dave mentioned, to utilize our network and to utilize our efficiencies as best we can to try and mitigate supply chain issues.
Conor Flynn: On the rent collection side, we don't have a material concern there. I think on the supply chain, every retailer has tried to address it differently. Some have actively and aggressively focused on trying to figure out ways and alternatives to redirect their supply chain, yet through the course of this entire year appreciating that this may be an issue. Some have brought inventory levels up in back -- onto the mainland to their preparation for the holiday season. But it's clear that there is -- there are pressures there. I'd suggest we all buy early. We don't want to disappoint any of our loved ones during the holiday season. And what that means too, that means as a result that retailers can probably
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add is, our traffic levels are at 105% of 2019 levels, and we see that in this environment where there is supply chain disruption, we're watching closely as what we think may occur is people will probably buy at the store more often than buying something online and potentially having to wait where it might not arrive in time. So that's the dynamic we're watching closely that we think might play out.
Conor Flynn: We're very fortunate position to have a number of different pools of capital sources. So, we're trying to make sure that we look at everything. And again, our cost of capital and use it effectively to continue to grow in an accretive manner.
Conor Flynn: The other part of it is the 3 mixed-use projects that they have they're now, the concessions are rolling off, so the mark-to-market on those renewals is pretty far strong on those three projects. And then when we look at the future entitlement opportunities within that portfolio, that gets us really excited. Because that's obviously where we've been focusing a lot of our time and effort for future value creation. And we feel like there's going to be some incremental opportunities embedded throughout their portfolio. Specifically, Miami, Houston, and Silicon Valley that we're digging our teeth into right now.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. And just anecdotally, the last I would say, 5 to 10 years, we've been dealing with the narrative of shrinking box sizes, downsizing, downsizing, downsizing and now the question is, hey, is there additional adjacent space that we can take to enlarge the box. So, it has changed, I think the narrative on becoming more flexible and how you use the square footage and integrating that last mile distribution inside the box. So, to your point, it's one that we're watching closely.
Conor Flynn: The costs are a big issue. So, if you think of the land values where we're located. So, if you look at our portfolio of map, that's the main reason why we transformed our portfolio to where it sits today. It's because we wanted to be in locations that have high barriers to entry. So, when the supply cycle does come back, it's very hard to make it pencil to go and buy land and develop a shopping center that would compete with one of Kimco's. You've got to look at the obviously the FAR as well in terms of the build versus the parking lot.  And that's again another barrier to entry of these dense areas. You just don't have the luxury of putting 80% of your property as parking lot and not generating any revenues from that. And so, we're watching it closely. We do think there's a good amount of slack still to be absorbed from the pandemic, and we're experiencing that throughout our portfolio. But to your point, if rents get to a point where they justify new development, it should start to happen. We haven't seen it yet.  But those barriers to entry is why we've positioned our portfolio where it is because we don't want to be sitting in an asset that has tremendous amount of unbuilt dirt around it where you can have a competitor come quickly, reap our positioning, and so that's why we've done a lot of work to be in the position we are today.
