David Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in today. While worrisome clouds remain in the U.S. and around the world, ranging from the European debt crisis to continued U.S. challenges in housing and employment and deficit spending, the U.S. economic recovery continues its positive momentum, and the retail industry is once again, expanding. A recent RBC analysis is particularly encouraging, as it notes that it's research base of 2,200 retailers planned a total of approximately 73,000 new store openings over the next 24 months. This is expected to translate into increases in effective rents, occupancy and leasing spreads in our industry.  At Kimco, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and we believe that they represent solid and steady progress on our key 2011 objectives. Increasing occupancy is just under 93%, same-store NOI growth exceeding 3%, and positive leasing spreads of 2.1%, all combined to show very solid second quarter portfolio of vital signs.  Mike and Glenn, will provide further details. But overall, we are confident and optimistic about the balance of the year and our full year operating results. Permit us to take one final vow for completing the sale of the Valad bond at a price exceeding our basis. That done, we are turning our full attention to the disposition of the InTown portfolio, as InTown represents the last major piece of our non-retail portfolio. While no bidder achieved the minimum pricing level established by the joint venture partnership in the first round of bids, 3 potential purchasers are still fully engaged in due diligence and are trying to reach the necessary price level. We are also encouraged because the InTown portfolio itself continues to improve dramatically in terms of RevPAR growth and EBITDA metrics.  On an annualized basis, the portfolio EBITDA is now within 6% of its prerecession high, and our annualized FFO return exceeds 20% on our equity investment. The InTown portfolio, like the rest of the extended stay industry, is experiencing some substantial rate and occupancy increase.  In addition to the possible sale of the InTown portfolio this year, we anticipate the sale or repayment through refinancing of an additional $75 million of non-retail investments over the balance of the year. As a result, our non-retail portfolio should finish the year at less than 4% of our total gross asset through property sales, refinancings, partner buyouts and the conversion into pari passu joint ventures.  The retail preferred equity portfolio has also declined from 297,000,125 properties to 136,000,081 properties over the past 18 months. With respect to new business, we continue to acquire high-quality retail properties in our core market, in a deliberate, patient and disciplined manner. So far this year, we have closed on 7 properties, totaling $165 million for both our institutional joint ventures and our own portfolio. Additionally, we currently have a firm pipeline of 10 additional property acquisitions, totaling a further $190 million.  Internationally, Canada is performing wonderfully, with portfolio occupancy of 97%, strong currency, low mortgage rates and continued U.S. retailer expansion into the Canadian market. Illustrating this trend, our RioCan Kimco joint venture owns 9 Dollar stores, of which 8 will be converted to new Target stores, and one will become a new Wal-Mart store. Ed Sonshine and his team did a terrific job in negotiating these transactions, and converting 9 out of 9 Dollar stores in our joint portfolio. Bravo, Ed. In Mexico, we are also benefiting from a strengthening currency, and making good progress in leasing our new retail development. We even approved our first new project this year, a small development project in Mexico City, 94% pre-leased to Wal-Mart. Despite the violent headlines, the Mexican economy is strong, with 2011 GDP growth expected to exceed 4%. The unemployment rate is 5.4%, and the country has added 400,000 new jobs so far this year. U.S. and Mexican retailers are both expanding, and leasing activity is finally increasing in small store space, which has been very soft for the past 2 years.  Overall, we remain committed to our strategic goals of improving our portfolio metrics and financial results, while selling in a measured way both our non-retail assets and selected nonstrategic retail properties. And then using the resulting proceeds to acquire additional high-quality shopping centers in our core markets, and reducing leverage over time.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Glenn to discuss the details of our quarterly results. And then Mike will provide an operations overview, and Milton will then close with his perspective.
David Henry: Well, taking your second question first, I think the market for hotels have picked up dramatically. People recognize it as a hard asset that you can reprice everyday. And with the hint of inflation down the road, hotels have come into favors, especially when you can buy way below replacement costs. You are seeing a lot of activity in the hotel sector. And now, it was driven in my opinion, first by the opportunity funds, rather than the hotel companies themselves, as they move to come in at low prices. But now you're seeing across-the-board demand. In terms of the availability of financing, that's also increased. Although I will say, lenders, in general are leery of hotels and they underwrite very conservatively. And they're not going to be aggressive. And I doubt this is the place where the CMBS market is going to focus as it comes back. But there is financing available especially for the stronger companies that are buying hotels.
David Henry: It's probably, a combination of both. What we're hoping is they look at this hockey stick trend that we're seeing at the property level. And for the first time in years, we've been able to push rate as well as occupancy. So driving that RevPAR now is proven rate demand. I'll just give you, since we've had a couple of questions on InTown, I'll give you an interesting anecdote. We're seeing a pickup in demand as AT&T and Verizon spend literally, billions of dollars building out their cellular network. And so all these construction workers that are doing them are staying at InTown Suites and other extended stay facility for months on end. And this is the type of tenant that we need to be able to drive rate. So it's encouraging.
David Henry: Well, we have Rob Nadler, President of our Central Region on the phone. And, Rob, if you can just give a perspective because your portfolio obviously has many box retailers involved. And just maybe some assessment on what you're seeing in the competitive landscape in terms of malls.
David Henry: And I would just add one perspective. There's roughly 800 malls in the United States, and depending on how you define the neighborhood, the community shopping centers, there's somewhere between 50 and 100,000, the neighborhood and community centers. So it's not -- even, if every single mall has the demand, it's not going to change the dynamics of our industry.
David Henry: Clearly, for big boxes, and I think that reflects the demand, the supply-demand, the balances that you just heard from Rob, and you've been hearing from many of the strip center operators over the past year. Small ticket leasing, as we've all talked to that, is still tougher. But more and more is being isolated to certain geographic regions. The last to recover in Kimco, we are seeing some improvement. But parts of Florida are still tough, parts of the West Coast and Vegas, are still tough. So it's really the mix equation, but even on the small ticket leasing, I think, you're starting to see rehabilitation from where we were a year and a half, 2 years ago.
David Henry: And one final comment, I think you've seen retailers that now that there are some nice location becoming available, taking another look at their expansion plans and increasing those expansion plan, somebody like Container Corp -- somebody like Container Stores, is an example of a company that's going to do more this year because of the availability of these prime locations, they're coming available. So we don't expect this to be a big overhang on the market.
David Henry: Well, it certainly highlights the attractiveness of doing a problematic joint venture with a public REIT and an S&P 500 REIT, blue chip REIT, so we would say, yes, it certainly enhances our ability to grow the Investment Management business. But as a REIT, we hate to see this publicity that's happening on the private REIT side.
David Henry: Not an immediate demand. As we've mentioned in prior calls, the demands so far has really come from foreign pension funds and foreign insurance companies, as well as domestic institutions like that and sovereign. Well, we have not seen the private of wealth people particularly increase their demand. It's going to take a lot to wean financial planners that are getting 7% or 8% commission away from that private REIT model, in my opinion.
David Henry: Yes. The trend continues in terms of increasing amounts of interest by these life companies and pension funds in getting back into real estate. What has amazed me is how quickly all of them exited 2 years ago, and how they see the benefits of real estate, being a hard asset, being a cash-yielding asset that is far better as an alternative than corporate bonds or U.S. Treasuries or other things. I mean, we can provide a pretty, say, 6% to 7% reasonably leverage yields for these institutions. So we see it every day in terms of inquiries. Our challenge is finding the products because pricing has increased the levels where it's difficult for us to justify joining some of these very frenetic bids. We're trying to be disciplined and we're trying to be patient, and trying to be very selective in what we buy for our own account and for our institutional partners. But the demand side is strong.
David Henry: Well, on our particular case, we have Canadian money, we have Israeli money and we have German money coming through a Swedish bank, SEB. So those are 3 foreign sources that are active as we speak. I'm sure other REITs have other foreign sources. But if you think about it, their currency buys a lot today, in terms of U.S. dollar assets. They're looking at this as a particularly opportune time to buy U.S. real estate because they can get a lot for their money, and they're still buying at below replacement costs at a time when inflation may be coming back.
David Henry: Well, 2 very different philosophies, and RioCan can obviously speak for themselves. But they're interested in primarily, Texas and the Northeast, these are 2 markets that they're focused on growing their investment in the U.S. They like those markets, and they look for either portfolios or individual transactions, where they can grow that footprint. The Big Israeli public company is more national scope, and they're probably willing to have just a tad lower of quality in exchange for higher, higher yield, RioCan really is focused on very, very high-quality stuff. Whereas Big has been more flexible in terms of the quality of footprint. But each of the institutional investors we have has a different profile of exactly what they're looking for. Some want leverage, some don't want leverage. Some want certain sections of the country. Some want power centers, some don't. So it's really our job to match the opportunities that we have with the right institutional investor, and that's what we've been trying to do. But both of those 2 in particular continue to aggressively look for acquisitions in the U.S.
David Henry: And our history has been driven by buying fee on properties. So if you look at our opportunistic purchases at Albertsons and Montgomery Ward, we were really dealing largely with fees.
David Henry: A, you're right. I personally, am feeling better as we see some small shop, the leasing activity pick up. That's been the one negative we've been fighting for almost 2 years now, since Mexico is so tied to the U.S. in terms of the economy, while the Wal-Marts of the world continued to grow rapidly in Mexico. And I think I've mentioned several times, they opened one store a day in Mexico, in many different formats. So while that's gone unabated, the small shop until recently was very slow. We have our own internal stretch targets that, that's getting to 90% which is probably within the next 12 months. But more formally, I'd say realistically, 18 months to 24 months away until we get to a full 90% occupancy level. And what we've been doing, you're seeing some of our official stats weaken in terms of occupancy. Because under our rules, we add these newly completed properties into the basket, if you will, and this drag down the occupancy even though our total occupancy for the whole portfolio is now I think [indiscernible].
David Henry: It's 81%. So the way some of us are looking at this, we look at all of our shopping centers in Mexico, and quarter-by-quarter, it continues to climb, and we feel good about that. And then as I've mentioned, we feel very good about the long-term prognosis for Mexico. The economy is doing quite well, manufacturing activity is strong related to both auto and aerospace, oil is obviously a big plus for Mexico. Rising consumer demand, less than 1,000 shopping centers in Mexico compared to 100,000 in the U.S. and so forth. So all of those stuff bode well for us over time. And the fact that every single one of our leases has a cost of living increase annually in those leases, is also helping us long term as well.
David Henry: Again, if you focus on our biggest space, we're 96%, 97% leased. So the bigger boxes are not the challenge for us. The challenge for us is the stuff under 5,000 square feet, and they were in the lower 80% and moving upward, and for us, we think that's great upside. So the big boxes are not the focus.
Michael Pappagallo: We remain somewhat optimistic. The first round bids, as I mentioned, did not come to that minimum price, but they weren't that far away either. So we're hoping to get one of these 3 bidders up to that minimum pricing level. And we're hopeful, what is particularly encouraging as I mentioned though, at the property level, it's doing better every single week, and we're of course, immediately, giving that information to these 3 bidders, to try to get them to that price. So there's no guarantee we'll get there, but we're going to be patient about it. And in the meantime, the FFO we're throwing off, is very impressive.
Michael Pappagallo: The only reason why we dialed back and we kept that low end is because we have the immediacy of the Borders bankruptcy and liquidation. So in the short term, that will take a nick out of occupancy and cash flow. We are confident that with respect to the Borders locations, which prior to bankruptcy we had 16, that they will be filled in due course. Interest and activity has been quite good. We're very pleased with the level of interest from various box units and the like. But in the short term, Jeff, it may take a little bite out of the range.
Michael Pappagallo: Craig, I think, what we have continued to see is a continued improvement, a forward march on negative territory, trying to get it to positive territory. If you look at the new leasing spread on a full 100% peak level, we are positive or rather it's slightly negative. But point being is, we are definitely moving away from a very, very tough environment. And we're starting to see continued improvement in terms of renewal and even in leases. In quarterly reporting, there's always going to be those situations, where there could be a big tick up or a big tick down because of a particular lease. And I'm sure with some of the box vacancies, with Borders coming, that not every damn lease is going to be signed at a higher rent. But the overall trends, if you map it out from where we were in '09 to where we are today, I think you're seeing a continued upward momentum and that trend line, I think will continue, and particularly as we get into '12 and early '13.
Michael Pappagallo: I don't see that the additional vacant space being put on the market with the Borders bankruptcy and liquidation is going to materially change the dynamics that we're experiencing in the marketplace. Many of -- the same users, the same retailers that we have been talking about, now are expanding and are looking for a new space, they're viewing this as opportunity. So many of those box retailers, that we gave names of during the Linens and Circuit bankruptcy, are similarly looking at the Borders boxes. There's even that new contingent, I mentioned, ULTA Cosmetics as an example, where they may take 10,000 to 20,000 square feet. There are some opportunities for us on single-store Borders to demise and split the premises and put in 2 users. Point being is that, I don't think the marketplace is going to be adversely affected or there's going to be any significant change in the dynamics because of this additional space in the Borders bankruptcy. It all still comes down to the better locations and what the relative supply and demand dynamics are in a given market.
Michael Pappagallo: That comment came from Ray Edwards, who runs the Retailer Services business. And he's well-schooled and well-known in the bankruptcy world.
Michael Pappagallo: Well, I think -- to the point, Cedric, is that the mom-and-pops really have not recovered all that much. We're seeing some very slow improvement in some areas. But really, that's not where we're seeing the thrust of small store interest. If you want to, say, less than 10,000 or less than 5,000 square feet, however you want to play it. Where we're seeing a lot of the interest is from more of the national chain, from franchise, franchisees, franchise stores, everything from the Five Guys Burgers to the auto parts dealerships, et cetera, that are really driving some increased demand for small store available space. I don't think you're going to see a lot of mom-and-pop robust increase in space demand for a different period of time. And that's what the point I was trying to emphasize, about the improvement, it becomes a gradual improvement in small store leasing, is really coming from national and regional and franchise operators than it is for mom-and-pop.
Michael Pappagallo: It's, of course, it is market and property specific. But because of the relative expansion trends of the smaller users, I would not say that rents are being severely pressured in that regard. It comes down to what space you're trying to fill and the dynamics of filling a small store space in a center in Las Vegas, versus a center in Long Island are dramatically different. And I think that's reflected, not only in the occupancy levels but also, in the leasing spread level. It is a bit of a binary situation depending on the market. That said, overall, really, what I was trying to convey, on an overall basis because of the increase in that relative interest in demand from the smaller national users, I'm somewhat optimistic that we, over time, can get that small ticket vacancy up.
Michael Pappagallo: Michael, it is purely a mix calculation in terms of where leases were signed and what centers, and what our respective ownership interest rates are. I hate to say it, but it's more math than anything else. And the reason why we wanted to provide, why we provide gross levels with increasing frequency these days, to give you an overall perspective of where the portfolio dynamics are going. The pro rata information is provided, so you can do your math and your financial model that relates to the effect on Kimco. And that's really it, there's no hidden meaning in those 2 numbers.
Michael Pappagallo: I would offer that, overall, pricing has improved to some extent, I think that's just the reflection to some degree of the market, and that's even starting to open up a little or less than 8 property. That said, as we've talked about in previous call, some of the properties that we are looking to exit are shop structural problems, severe vacancy, et cetera, and we are looking really and finding per pound buyers, so you really can't apply that broad statement to these very specific issues. So in general, yes. But I think there are certain situations that are always going to come outside the normal market channel.
Michael Pappagallo: I would often say, as a general matter, I'm going to guess half and half between time designing and when lease rental income starts to flow, and that's just an estimate based on kind of the normal time in terms of turnover of space and tenant fit out before you go open the business.
Michael Pappagallo: Not in our fingertips, no. But just in looking at the small ticket leasing, which if you recall at the end of the year was at 81.6, went down 81.1, now back up, 81.6. A lot of the traction that we gain has actually been at those centers, where they're reopening of the box and choose the box. I don't have specific statistics, but we know that's where the chronic vacancy was for the most part, anyway. So that starts to pick up a little bit. But there's still plenty of room to go.
Michael Pappagallo: So if you were looking to buy the lease, the lease of Borders, you have to think of all those considerations from a purchaser's perspective and having to deal with the landlords and the restrictions thereon. So all of those factors that Ray just mentioned didn't make it economically viable to do that.
Michael Pappagallo: There continues to be certain boxes that have been vacant for many year. I think you're talking about both space that's been more than vacant, more than a year being absorbed, clearly, not the case.
Michael Pappagallo: I think to Dave's point, there's always going to be some dynamic of that to continue that non-comparable space being leased up. But it's really going to have to be in the small ticket arena. Because as Dave has indicated, you're almost at 97% on the big box.
Michael Pappagallo: It's not apples-to-apples. That's the issue because you're just dealing with a different inventory, because it's national. You're going to have different locations maturing at different times and that will change the mix. However, we still know that the small ticket leasing is still more pressured relative to the big box in terms of leasing spreads. And depending on the market, you could still be down 10-plus percent in certain areas of the country on leasing spreads for the small ticket.
Michael Pappagallo: The total NOI point or rent is actually 0.2% of our total rents on an annual basis. So the effect is going to be really de minimis. And we took it out for planning purposes.
Raymond Edwards: Mike, I would just add one thing. I think there's some retailers that have been waiting for this to happen. So I think it's something that's building up for 6 months. You have people like Barnes & Noble, do a one-year extension with us, I think, looking for opportunity for Borders and things like that. So I think you've already have some buildup and some of these retailers waiting for this to happen, so that will be positive.
Raymond Edwards: A&P has basically got an extension until the end of the year, to make decisions on what they're doing. They are trying to reorganize the company, it's really 2 major things they have to do. One was to get a new supply agreement done with C&S, which they have done. And the second part of it is to negotiate a new agreement with the union. And they are in the midst of doing that. And they're hopeful they'll get it done and with that, they feel they can exit bankruptcy. But it's beyond our -- yes, still at the end of the year before that will be done.
Raymond Edwards: Typically, with Montgomery Ward and the others are lot of fee on properties as well. And Borders is strictly leased properties. And typical Borders lease where landlords put a lot of TI allowance into their coffee shops and things like that. Basically, drove a pretty high rent, that is not a lot of spread. Also, what's going to happen here is because of how [indiscernible] works, really other than another bookstore that wants to buy this location, a landlord will have a right to say, yes or no. So the other user will have some control over who takes our space and some very narrow who can take a Borders' location without having to pool with the landlord to do a deal. Unlike the other leases where there are -- any legal users okay. Here, it's very restrictive. So 2 storeys properties and things like that.
