David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; and Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP metrics can be found in the Investor Relations area of our web site. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. To make this more efficient, we ask that, you ask one question with an additional follow-up question. If you have any additional questions, you could rejoin the queue. You can take our first caller.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I am available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. We finished off 2017 with a tremendous effort by the entire Kimco team. Our leasing activity in the fourth quarter capped off a record year, validating the desirability of our portfolio, with positive trends and occupancy, leasing spreads, same site NOI, and recurring FFO. Our portfolio has proven resilient, but we recognize that the goalposts are constantly moving, and that's why we continually strive to enhance the quality of our portfolio. Our primary focus in 2018 will be to further upgrade the portfolio, by disposing off assets that do not meet our long term objectives. While continuing the development and redevelopment projects. While this will have a short term dilutive impact, that positions us for long term growth and as a leader in our space. We anticipate another year of mixed results for retailers in 2018, with store rationalization continuing and additional store closures. To us, this means the need for continued focus on our 2020 core principles; create a portfolio of the highest possible quality, with a significant runway for growth; maintain a solid balance sheet that will continue to provide flexibility in this rapidly changing environment; and continue to run a redevelopment program that creates substantial value. To achieve these goals, we are taking the following steps; first, further improved portfolio quality, by becoming more weighted in coastal markets and grocery anchored centers. The majority of our portfolio is becoming concentrated in New York, the D.C.-Baltimore-Philadelphia corridor, Miami, Los Angeles, and the Bay Area. Second, notwithstanding our ample liquidity position, favorable debt maturity profile, and capacity to repurchase stock, we remain focused on strengthening the balance sheet and maximizing it's flexibility. We have already made progress on this goal, and Glenn will go into more detail on the strides we have made during 2017. Third, we will continue to strategically recycle assets, which serves double purposes; it strengthens the overall quality of our portfolio, as we further refine our demographic and geographic mix, and improvise the growth capital to support our development and redevelopment programs. We also will provide more details on our objectives for 2018. Fourth, maintain our strong leasing momentum and increase same site NOI. The lifeblood of the business is leasing, leasing, leasing, and we continue to see strong demand for Kimco's high quality and well located properties. David Jamieson and the team are working non-stop to stay ahead of the changes occurring in retail, partnering with innovative retailers and service providers, and exploring ways to streamline and expedite the leasing process. Fifth, unlock the embedded value from our existing redevelopment and development projects, both of which offer significant value creations and outsized yields. These projects include the redevelopments of Pentagon Center and the Boulevard and the developments of Lincoln Square, Dania Pointe Phase 1, Grand Parkway Phase 2, and Mill Station, which we recently announced will be anchored by Costco. Grand Parkway Phase 1 is now open and continues to enjoy strong demand. With respect to our Christiana development, we elected to reclassify this into land held for future development category. Given the change in our cost-to-capital and funding requirements for our other projects that are closer to being finished in generating cash flow. And finally, we will continue to focus on our margins and improve efficiency across the company. As an example, we recently made the decision to close our Midwest office, and streamline a regional operating structure. Glenn will cover this in more detail. We believe these steps will produce a higher quality portfolio, more flexible capital structure and long term growth. I can assure you that our management team is committed to continually improving Kimco's overall performance and is working tirelessly to achieve each of the steps I just outlined. Demonstrated and continued confidence in our plan, the board has put in place a $300 million share repurchase program, that will serve as another vehicle to return value to shareholders. And with that, I will turn the call over to Ross.
Conor Flynn: That gets us there. That really cleans up the portfolio and gets us to a run rate, where we see us continuing to be well positioned for growth into the future years.
Conor Flynn: We do think our stock is incredibly cheap. I mean, that's the reason why we always have the share buyback program in place, and we do see that as an opportunity to really showcase the disconnect between public and private pricing right now.
Conor Flynn: I think that's right. I think when you look at the long term prognosis of the business, we still believe in the redevelopment being really a tremendous return on our capital. And yet, we see how cheap the price is today in our stock, and where we fit, and it is a tremendous value, and that's why we have pushed the program in place. We still have the redevelopment as a priority for creating long term shareholder value. But again, we want to be opportunistic and take the advantage when we can, when it presents itself with the share price.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. On Christiana, it's a site that we looked at and we thought that it was best to take it offroad, just because of where our cost of capital sits today. We still believe in the site longer term, it has tremendous frontage on I95, that sits right next to GGP's Christiana mall that does over $1,000 a foot in sales. But it's one, when we look at our cost of capital, we had the opportunity to say, we already have a significant development pipeline. Where the cost of capital has changed, we can then allocate that to the priorities and show that the projects that are already underway, are going to deliver significant growth, and move out on more to the land, house or development. So it's really just being a prudent capital allocator, and understanding that our cost of capital has changed significantly. Going forward, you will see us do more of the redevelopments, that have significantly higher yields. On average, those have been between 9% and 11%. That's where we still see tremendous value to be created in the portfolio. So that's really where we prioritize it going forward.
Conor Flynn: We were actually seeing a boost in demand down there as well. I think being a well capitalized and efficient operator in Puerto Rico, has given us the ability to get our sites open and operating quickly, and there is a lot of retailers that are coming to us, that have not been able to rebuild or have a landlord that's not well capitalized, so we get them back open and operating. So we have actually gotten some increased demand from retailers looking to come to our centers.
Conor Flynn: When you think of the redevelopments of the Highland projects, it's pretty large. It's $186 million project. It's already -- in Staten Island. The project -- groundbreaking has already been done, construction is happening, money is being spent. So with that project, it is moving along pretty quickly. The same thing with our Pentagon project. Again, you have the tower that's being built, so there is a lot of capital that's going into that project as well. So those are the two major places where the capital is coming. As you know, the developments that we have, so we are continuing to spend on Dania. Phase one should be open by the end of 2018, so there is a lot of capital that's going into that as well.
Conor Flynn: I think that's accurate. I mean, when you look at the strength of the retailers today, it continues to be in the off-price categories and the health and wellness categories, the specialty grocers. Inflation is coming back a little bit, so that should really help grocery stores. And then you look at the fitness, and what's going on there. You continue to see huge demand for stores, and I think one of the biggest things that sometimes is missed, is retailers are starting to recognize the important of the physical store to the omnichannel network. And I think you are going to start to see more and more retailers start to showcase sales as a combined number, rather than just an e-commerce sales number and a physical number; because, I think the race there was to show much e-commerce is growing. When in effect, it's one big network, and I think retailers are starting to recognize how important the store is to that network, and I think that's what's really going to boost this estimate going forward, is how important it all connects together.
Conor Flynn: I think it's a great idea. It's something that we believe in, and think that if you look at our playbook, that's exactly what we think we should be doing. So we have got a lot of execution, especially on the disposition side of it as well as on leasing. But we want to make sure our balance sheet is in the best shape possible, and buyback shares to really showcase that disconnect between public and private pricing.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. Overall, we had a very productive fourth quarter and full year 2017 on the investment side, with gross transaction volume close to $950 million. This was highlighted by accelerated fourth quarter dispositions, amounting to $234 million with Kim's share of $174 million. We ended the year as a modest net seller, as a result of our strong fourth quarter sales execution. The blended cap rate on the 16 centers sold in Q4 and for all 38 shopping center sales in 2017, were in the mid-7% level. On the acquisition side, we acquired Whittwood Town Center in Los Angeles, California, with long term redevelopment and value creation opportunities. As noted previously, this year, we intend to be substantial net sellers, totaling between $700 million to $900 million. Any acquisitions we undertake in 2018, will focus on accretive, adjacent, or unowned anchor parcels, within our existing portfolio. On the investment landscape, we continue to see a bifurcation in pricing, between high quality core markets and those outside the major institutional focus. Cap rates on the best assets remain sticky, and at all time lows, with recent transactions on both coasts, trading in the fours and low five range, driven by strong investor interest, whereas non-core secondary and tertiary assets, particularly those without a grocery component, continue to rise. While each asset is unique, we see the spread between core and non-core anywhere from 250 to 300 basis points at this time. Although there is an increase in supply in the market, related to our disposition plans and those of several peers, there continues to be plenty of interest in capital available, primarily from local regional operators, with the backing of private equity capital providers. These buyers are finding the going in yield attractive, and are able to access the debt markets, thereby providing a healthy cash-on-cash return. Even with interest rates moving up over the first 45 days of the year, we have not seen any pullback related to the ability or cost of obtaining financing. This gives us confidence in our ability to execute on our 2018 sales targets, and we have gotten off to a great start, with $30 million of dispositions completed, and another $300 million under contract or with an accepted offer. Additionally, we now have over $475 million of properties in the market for sale. Glenn will now provide additional color and insight on our 2018 guidance and financial performance for the quarter.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, that's a good question, and we have seen consistency in the pricing and actually I have been very encouraged by the buyer pool and some of the new capital formations that we have seen. The bids that we have been receiving on the assets, we have been putting into the market have been pretty aggressive. So we are certainly helpful, that we will continue to achieve the lower end of that cap rate range into the mid-7s. But we are giving ourselves, I guess, a little bit of flexibility to continue to execute on our strategy and ensure that, we hit our targets, which we are very comfortable that we will.
Ross Cooper: Yeah I mean, I would just add that, over the last few months, I mean, we have had countless meetings and phone calls with investors, operators, brokers, and there really has been, I think, in some sense, a renewed interest, from some players, that really, frankly have been on the sidelines for the last few years, and are starting to reemerge, as they are seeing attractive pricing and cash yields in today's environment. So we have $300 million under contract or with an accepted offer, with a significant amount behind that, and as you said, I mean, the average deal size for us really is in that $15 million to $20 million; maybe $25 million range on some deals,, which seems to be the sweet spot for investors. There is no doubt, it is a significant amount of work to do it on a one-off strategy. We are talking with groups and are looking at a few smaller sub portfolios, although we think that a larger portfolio is too heavy a discount for us to take. So it's no doubt a lot of work, but our team is motivated. Everybody is working hard to get it done, and we are confident that we will hit our targets.
Ross Cooper: I would just add that the average rent on the Toys boxes is around $11 and 15% to 20% below market, when you look at the locations we have. So we feel optimistic that if we can recapture some of these boxes, we will be able to do some higher quality tenants that will drive more traffic, that will add value to the rest of the shopping center.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, we are pushing to get as much done as quickly as we can. We are confident that the first half of the year is going to be very strong, and that's definitely our game plan with continued execution through the third and fourth quarters. But we are pushing to get as much sold in the first half of the year as possible.
Ross Cooper: And I would just add, that we don't plan to add any new development projects other than the existing assets that we are working on, and you will see us continue to work on entitlements for redevelopment, as we continue to think that that's got to be the priority for the company longer term.
Glenn Cohen: Well overall, we wanted to be around 90%. Today, it's a little higher than that, but as the EBITDA starts coming online from our development and redevelopment projects, that will help drive it down.
Glenn Cohen: It's a good question. I think when we look at our portfolio today, we really want to have a clean portfolio in 2019. So we are going to make sure that's why we have an elevated disposition plan for 2018. So that going forward, we have a clean portfolio, that's really heavily weighted toward the coasts. That's where we see the highest growth, that's where we see the biggest barriers to entry. So that's where we are positioning ourselves going forward. We know we have to execute on that, and our team is geared up to do that. But going forward, that's our game plan.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. The composition really is a bit of a cross section of our portfolio. So there is some grocery, there is some on anchored centers. But it is heavily weighted towards power. The deal size is primarily in that $20 million to $25 million range. There is one or two assets, that I would say are larger power centers. One of them that we have in the market today, in Missouri, we are getting exceptional early interest. So we are confident that we are going to hit our price targets there. I think you saw yesterday announce, there was a big power center in Idaho, that was recently acquired, north of $75 million. So there are buyers for that type of products, and we are confident that we are going to be able to move the few that we have, that are a bit larger in size.
Glenn Cohen: We always look at our disposition program, in a way to try and execute and get those assets out of the portfolio. For potential new opportunities, I think we have always stated that, we have an existing JV platform. Three very strong partners that want to continue to do business with us. We don't currently have any plans to announce today, of a launching a new JV. But again, we have that as an arrow in our quiver.
Glenn Cohen: Again, the ratings continue to be very important to us. As you know, we are BBB+, solid and stable and continuing to head towards -- over time, what would get us to that A-, AAA rating. But that really is an overtime issue. As it relates to the buyback, first and foremost, we are focused on funding our developments and redevelopments, as we have talked about. So as with this [ph] $425 million to $525 million range. And then we have options that are really open to us. We will see where the stock is trading. We have $575 million of perpetual preferred, that's all callable today. And then, debt reduction, we have already paid $162 million of debt already this year. So this is really not a whole of debt more than we could pay down. The next bond that we have is October of 2019, and that's at 6X and 7X [ph]. So that's another option for us to take a look at earlier on.
Glenn Cohen: Hi Christy. We are still looking to see what Toys does. I mean, they are trying to reemerge from bankruptcy here. We have seen their lists, and yet they are still trying to figure themselves out if they had a very difficult holiday season, as you know. So there are still a few things early on in the year, that have to play out, and really will determine where we fit on that guidance range in terms of same site NOI. We do like the demand we are seeing from our stable of tenants, that continue to want to grow stores with us. We see that that's very-very strong. We are monitoring shadow supply, as we have been talking about, as we continue to reposition the portfolio, and move a bit more coastal. I think we will continue to see more demand for our centers.
Glenn Cohen: The total dollars of what's signed is probably in the $10 million to $15 million range of what's there already. So that's going to stop coming online, as we get more towards the middle of the second half of the year, and we think that that gap should start closing, that 270 basis point gap.
Glenn Cohen: Right. So you saw 50 basis points tighten already. And again, we will have more leasing, and then you have ins and outs that go with it. But we expect that that will start to tighten, as we get later into the year.
Glenn Cohen: So from the first point, the share price, look where it is. You look at our FFO yield, based on earnings today, it's almost 10%. Our dividend yield is over 8%. So that's pretty dramatic shift than where we were even three months ago. So that brings into question, should we have this program available to us. The other thing that we did was, we had ramped up the size of our disposition program. That again, is there to fund our developments and redevelopments, and then beyond that, again, we have the availability, if the price is going to be at those levels, where we could use it towards that. Keeping in mind, that our ratings is very important to us. So we are not going to allow net debt-to-EBITDA or fixed charge coverage or any other debt metric to get out of control or be above a level that would put that at risk. But we are cognizant of where the share price is, and we have opportunities available to us.
Glenn Cohen: So there nothing put in numbers at all for Albertsons. Albertsons, when and if something happens there, will just be upside to us. As it relates to Puerto Rico, our guess is, we are probably around $2.5 million to $3 million less in NOI from the Puerto Rico properties versus last year, and then the insurance proceeds will probably get a couple million dollars, is our guess during the year. So that will upbridge that. You got to realize, in Puerto Rico, most of the tenants that were there, are actually back up and running. The properties are performing. They all have power again. There is a lot of heavy traffic at the assets, and were just under -- I think we are 94.7% occupied today. So the properties are actually starting to perform well again.
Glenn Cohen: Again, part of the closing and consolidation of the Midwest region relates around selling a lot of those assets. So you will see that this is going to impact in our G&A line. I mean, if you look at our G&A, it's relatively flat, and it has been held relatively flat for several years now, with the things that we have been doing.
Glenn Cohen: I think your latter part there is correct, is there is a sizable step-up in quality, when we move out of the Midwest. And you look at the assets that we have up and down the coast, and we think we are toe-to-toe with the best in the business. And so, we will have to prove it out, obviously, with our numbers and our execution and showing that the growth is there, and that's on us to make sure that it shines through. But we really do believe that there is going to be a significant jump in quality, once we execute on our disposition plan this year.
Glenn Cohen: So the $425 million to $525 million is really split between the developments and the redevelopments. The developments are about -- it's about half of it, about $200 million, $225 million of it, and then the redevelopments are about $250 million, $275 million of it.
Glenn Cohen: There is more availability for sure. I think where we are, is there is a little bit over $1 billion. Again, it's somewhat pricing sensitive. The reality is, if you look at where pricing is today, it's probably starting to approach now, 6%. So at the time we issued 5 in an inning [ph], 5 in a quarter, for a long data taper that doesn't have a maturity, that works really well, as you start getting into higher coupon levels, becomes somewhat less attractive. And again, if you look at where are from a maturity profile; again, we had so little debt maturing between now and 2020, and we have really between -- with the sales, the ability to fund all of our development and redevelopment projects. And what we are counting on, is as those projects get completed and that NOI starts coming online, that you will start to see net debt-to-EBITDA drop.
Glenn Cohen: It is a good question Michael. We have done a lot of analysis about the cash position and where we are relative to the dividend. And we feel comfortable today, that we can actually absorb all the gains. Again, if you look at the composition of our dividend last year, we did a lot of 1031 exchanges. So you wound up with a component of the dividend being returned to capital, like 40%. So without having any acquisitions or very minimal level of acquisitions and no 1031s, you can see a very different composition of what the dividend would look like, being ordinary and capital gain.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah Michael, I think that's a very good point. I mean, we have lifted that, and as I said before, we do have three very large partners, the Canadian Pension Plan, Prudential and New York Common, that will continue to want to do business with us. So we will look at that and see, if we can continue to -- as a way to access cheaper cost of capital, I think we could potentially look at that going forward. Again, if our cost of capital doesn't come back, we have that as an arrow in our quiver. So it's something that we are looking at, as a potential opportunity.
