Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide an overview of our strong second quarter performance and share some perspective on the direction of retailing and retail real estate and how Kimco's strategy is designed to thrive in this period of change. We'll also then report on our quarterly transaction activity and describe the overall market environment. Finally, Glenn will provide details on key metrics and our increase to 2017 guidance. I think it is fair to say that the debate surrounding the debt of physical retail is over. The Amazon-Whole Foods transaction, Alibaba's growing grocery concept in China, Walmart's quick-and-collect Pickup Discount program integrated with Jet.com, and Target’s flex format Express, all point to a vibrant, albeit different-looking retail real estate world. In this new world odder, omni-channel is the new normal, and that is where the retail barrels will take place. Those that embrace and master the omni-channel approach that combine technology, social media and physical real estate will thrive. Those that ignore it will do so at their own peril. Omni-channel is a win-win for the retail sector. For the consumer, it provides convenience, lower prices and optionality. For the retailer, it provides opportunity to reach more customers, generate add-on sales upon pick up, reduce shipping costs and limit the number of returns. Physical retail has a large role to play in this effort to bring the best shopping experience for the customer, especially as retailers continue to explore different ways to overcome the last-mile challenge. And let's not forget that notwithstanding the changes and challenges that confront retail, off-price, grocery, home improvement, fitness, beauty and other service retailers continue to thrive in this environment.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Hey, Paul. If you look at the economic versus physical occupancy, there is a 320 basis point spread there. That's about 100 basis point wide of a typical run rate. So we see that that leasing that's been executed, but not yet flowing, it's going to hit the back half of the year. Also, the leasing volume that was done in the first half of the year has been phenomenal, and we do anticipate that run rate to continue. So with those two ingredients, we feel confident about the 2% to 3% range that we've reinforced today.
Conor Flynn: We’ve been very local for the beginning of the year about our bad debt reserve. All of that is really factored into that. And we have been watching closely as a few of the retailers have closed a few stores and are looking to reorganize and come out of bankruptcy, and we feel like we really accounted for that. And so we feel comfortable in terms of our guidance for same-site NOI and continue to see that. Our real estate is really well located with below market leases, and it's hard for retailer to find a better economic deal in these top markets. So typically the rests that they have are very much below market, so they want to hold on in those leases. 
Conor Flynn: We think it's definitely going to be a tailwind. I mean, when you look at the names that are still reorganizing and coming out, our store closure list is very, very small. And they are typically small shops. So they have a very modest impact, if any, at all in terms of our next year's number. So we continue to look at the growing retailers that we're doing business with and think that is where the exposure we have to some of the watch-list tenants that are closing stores.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, with our leasing spreads, we are confident in our below-market portfolio, something that we really thrive on, and that's really helped us maintain these high single-digit, double-digit leasing spreads, and we in the long term envision that that maintaining. That said, spread are lumpy. Spreads are really driven by the population of the leases that are signed in any given quarter. For example, this quarter we had 75 comp deals that we're spreading in the new leases to account for that 17%. There is one large deal there where we combine multiple spaces, if you exclude that, our spreads were over 26%. And when you look at our junior box tenants this quarter as well as our small shops, junior box is combined over 30% and small shops over 15, both of which exceed our startling four-quarter average. So near term we feel good, long term we feel great because of the below-market portfolio. 
Conor Flynn: Sure. And when we look at Jantzen, I mean we really view that as a unique asset. While it is, I guess, technically classified as a tower center, we’ve been agnostic between power, grocery, lifestyle. For us, it really comes down to the real estate and the opportunities to grow that cash flow? So your question on grocery, I mean there is a target in there that sell groceries. It did not restrict bus from putting another glossary store in there which is something that we will definitely consider. In addition to that, there is opportunity to add some [SU] entity. So we look at all of the possibilities for this outsiders assets. Acquiring 67 acres in a market like Portland is very unique and rare. So we get questions and we look at the cap rate for this asset, which is aggressive ongoing in phases, but there are many different metric that we evaluate no more underwriting and potential acquisition, cap rate is being one of them. but we're very focused on the CAGR, the compound annual growth rate, yield on our invested capital and various years throughout that whole period, the mark-to-market spread, which is really critical and when we look at this asset, your anchor space case $0.36 per square foot, in another $3.44, an another $6 a square foot. So well, that doesn’t necessary helps us on our AVR, which is another conversation all together. We’re very confident in the ability to grow the cash flow and asset long-term, and the redevelopment potential of the asset is really something that we're excited about both in the near-term and the longer term. 
Conor Flynn: If you look at the CapEx spend on some of our new deals, it really is concentrated in a handful of anchor boxes and a lot of it is due to the fact that where there was a foremost Sport Authority box that has to be split up or that had to be expanded, but that really triggers a significant amount of investment in the actual real estate. We also have been very focused on adding experiential and entertainment retailers to our shopping centers to really drive traffic and create that type of live, work, play environment, and those typically are a little bit more expensive as you convert boxes to whether it's to a movie theater or if it is to grocery concept. I think longer range, if you see those Sports Authorities start to continue to fill up and we really had more of a civilization run rate, you will see that CapEx spends are to come down. And the other piece of it that I think is important is retailers are focused on their all-in occupancy costs, and one thing we love to point to is that we take great pride of being a low-cost provider, and that's something that we continue to focus on as we have significant below-market leases but also we've been investing heavily in sustainability as well as reducing our same-site energy consumption. And if you look back, since 2011, cumulative 18.2% reduction. So that's something that continues to be a focus of ours as we see our retailers focus on their all-in occupancy costs, and if we can provide the low-cost options, they are going to be with Kimco all day long.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, I think that's right. It should be even shorter term than that. I mean, if you look at Sports Authority boxes that we work through, we plan on really finalizing that shortly.
Conor Flynn: I think we're optimistic. Obviously, you never really know when things are going to occur for the retailers. If it's a good holiday season, I think a lot of the retailers will continue to run the ship. Omni-channel has been a challenge for some as they have to invest heavily in their e-commerce platform. Yet a lot of retailers now realize that they have to invest heavily in their physical store base as well to stay competitive. So it's a balance there. And when you look at our watch list, there are still a few there that we continue to be have concern over, but we've been mitigating the exposure continuously quarter over quarter, and that's really the best way for us to monitor that and continue to mitigate the exposure to some of the retailers that are yet to find their footing.
Conor Flynn: I think you're going to see needed development for a number of years. I mean, these are projects that all have a special story of why they make sense and why retailers were eager to get into this – to the development. There really have no whole a lot of spec development out there today. Even the select few development projects that we have picked, we do a huge amount of pre-leasing before we start to go vertical. And retailers like to really work with REITs that are well capitalized that they know they’re going to deliver the project as promised. So all those thing really limit really future development that you will see from retail. 
Conor Flynn: We always look at the grocery store as a traffic driver and something that we've been focused on as we continue to see that the power centers that do not currently have a grocery component are right for adding that type of use to drive more traffic, and you're seeing it with Trader Joes, you’re seeing it with Sprouts and other specialty grocers. And now with Alvey and Needle being very aggressive on their expansion plan, we think there is a lot more room for us to grow that percentage or grocery-anchored centers that we currently have. And so we're focused on that, and the leasing team has done an excellent job as you continue to see that growth quarter-over-quarter. 
Conor Flynn: Yeah, we've been tracking it for a number of years, and it seems to relatively steady. But again, with new entrants from Europe and others, it tends to ebb and flow, but that’s obviously a big number and that we continue to watch. And I feel optimistic that will continue to ebb and flow as new retailers come into the US.
Conor Flynn: They are just basically at the end of the fiscal year, Albertsons had a $1.2 billion in cash on its balance sheet, and so it is starting what to do with it. And I wanted to the first question that was asked to management was the distributions made, is it going to affect their business any way, shape or form, the answer was no because liquidity has and so was approved by the board last month.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it really does vary drastically depending on what the previous use was and what you're changing it to. So there really has, is it's been all over the math.
Conor Flynn: To answer the first part of your question, absolutely this is the type of asset that we're looking for. It’s very difficult to find. I mean, we really raised the bar on the criteria that we need to hit and the boxes need to check in order to move forward, and this one really did check all those boxes. So there is not many of them out there, but this was one that was felt was – will really fit or we will have to be capitalized on it. You’re absolutely correct. So far, the first half of the year, we’ve almost matched dollar for dollar on the disclosed acquisition, and we anticipate the same thing for the second half of the year. We are evaluating a couple of opportunities, one in which we think will probably strike in the latter part of the year that also is very exciting opportunity with redevelopment potential, and we’ll continue to execute on the dispositions upon that. 
Conor Flynn: As I mentioned earlier, I really think the Whole Foods-Amazon combination is one where they see the benefit of physical retail and they can layer in the Amazon Pantry on top the Whole Foods. So I think what they've seen is the demographics. The overlay from the Amazon Pantry shopper to the Whole Foods shopper is very, very similar. So it gives them the ability to understand their consumers even better. You're going to have to wait and see obviously in terms of what kind of changes they’re going to make to the Whole Foods prototype. But I just see it as a natural fit for them as they continue to want to try and expand into physical retail. They’ve done it with the book store. Now they’re doing with the grocery store. And I think that Whole Foods is a high-quality brand that gives them the ability to use that to their advantage. When people are shopping online, if they are not sure where the produce is sourced from, if they know that Whole Foods is the one filling their order, they probably get the benefit of the doubt that it's going to be high-quality produce.
Conor Flynn: I think Albertsons with the Safeway.com and the home delivery has been heavily invested and doing it for a while now. A lot of – Amazon, don’t forget, has been trying to do grocery online for almost 10 years now and with somewhat limited success. So we'll continue to watch that. I think Walmart has done a very strong job in terms of investing in the omni-channel, if you see their click-and-collect program. And I am amazed that Walmart is the only one that offers a further discount if you buy it online and pick it up in the store. There are so many benefits to getting someone into the store, where they see the merchandise, there is a likelihood that they’re going to add on an additional item, the likelihood that they are going to return the item drops off a cliff. So I could see that being the way with the future where physical retailer start to wake up and realize the power they have if they are able to generate that type of the traffic and offer a discount to get them to come and collect it at the store.
Conor Flynn: Sure. We covered, I think, a little bit of what you asked earlier, but we look at the real estate and just get very excited about the long-term redevelopment opportunities. As I mentioned before, when we've created the more shareholder values in these larger real estate parcels that are in-fill locations that have significant barriers entry with tremendous upside in terms of redevelopment potential. So, yes, we look at the going in cap rate and we look at the compound annual growth rate and see what near-term opportunities exist, but the really exciting part about this asset is it's over 60 acres in Portland, which can you imagine trying to assemble over 60 acres in Portland today? And it's got flexible zonings. It’s actually permitted to do residential on site, and it’s planned to have a light rail station to it in the future. All those things add up to significant upside in the long term that creates shareholder value for us. And so, when we look at real estate, we want to focus not only on the near-term value creation opportunities but the long term value creation opportunities. And yes, there was a competitive bidding process. Yes, there was a lot of institutional interest in it because, as you know, the best real estate today is still very much in high demand and we thought that it was a perfect fit. We have an office located in Portland. We don’t have to add any G&A to manage the asset. We have significant redevelopment capabilities on the West Coast. And so when you combine all those things, it just felt like here was the perfect fit for us. 
Conor Flynn: We do have partners that would love to continue to grow with us. We talked about it internally, and we felt that given our presence in the market and the proceeds from the dispositions we were using, we wanted to control the whole thing. An asset with this type of upside, we’re greedy, we want 100% of it. 
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Paul. Good morning. It's Glenn. This came as a distribution from the earnings of the investment itself. Again, we can't predict the timing of when future ones will occur, so we're not going to put it in our guidance. But again, it's part of our Plus business. As you know, as the investments gone along, we haven't had any NOI or FFO from it because of how our investment sits. The cash distribution we received is FFO. We kept it in our headline number. And we'll see how it goes as we go forward. The company itself continues to perform and we continue to watch closely what happens as it relates to their same-site results and keep their [indiscernible] and we'll see how it goes. So we think in our plan that we will have the ability to monetize it during our 2020 Vision, as we've talked about previously.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I’m glad you asked that. There has been a lot of press covers on closures but very little on openings. And our esteemed research department here has a roll out of actual retailer that we follow that shows over 12,000 stores that are planned to open in the next year and a half. And that I think goes without saying that gives us very confident that if you got the right real estate there is going to be very much demand, and you see that in our leasing volumes. Retailers today are cautious about where they’re going to be opening stores, and if they don't like the real estate, they're not going to move forward with any type of economic deal. So, we feel very confident about the real estate we have and why there is significant demand from junior boxes just this quarter. TJX announced their newest concept, HomeSense, that they're going to be rolling out and have major expansion plans for that. Lidl is coming to the US. It has significant expansion plans. So we continue to see that as big opportunity in addition to the concepts and categories that we've been talking about now that are consistently outperformed and are shining stars really in retail today.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So historically, we've used 50 to 75 basis points. But as we looked at our budgets for 2017 coming into the year and looking at some of the things that were going on, we actually increased that to 75 to 100 basis points. And we've been running kind of toward the low end of that range, in that 75 to 80 basis point range so far, so we feel comfortable with what we've put in our guidance.
Glenn Cohen: And just this quarter we did the Cinépolis deal to Kentlands is really to kick start the redevelopment of the Kentlands market square there. And so it's not picked up in the numbers is obviously adding an experiential tenant like Cinépolis into this center will drive significant traffic and then help with the incremental lift of all the other shops they surround it. So long term, there is other residual benefits that we start to see through these investments.
Glenn Cohen: No, I mean we see it. We don’t know it will be future one when that would be, but it’s based on their operations. So we're not predicting it. Again, if it becomes great, if it doesn’t, it's not in our numbers. And we're not predicting it to be in our numbers, but they are in operating business. 
Glenn Cohen: I think our returns as far has been holding steady. I mean, when you look at the redevelopment sitting low double-digit returns and our targets has been 8% to 13% on the CapEx spends for deal themselves, again, with some of these elevated spites with the TSA boxes, your turns might be slightly lower, but in general TIM holding steady for the long term.
Glenn Cohen: We do, yeah. I mean, those are typically part of the larger redevelopment play as well, so you tend to see those show up in our redevelopment pipelines.
Glenn Cohen: It depends on the deal. It varies on what you are doing with these boxes. If your backfilling the existing box with the dry news, the number is going to be slightly less with the Sports Authority. And we reiterated a couple of times now that when you combine spaces there, they’re going to be slightly elevated or if it’s an experiential. If you are adding a grocery there, you're going to be spending a little bit more converting from the dry to a wet use. So it's really dependant on the type of deal you're working on.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I mean we constantly are evaluating our portfolio. We look at it every week, every month to see which assets we believe have long-term, upside redevelopment potential, where the marketplace is valuing some asset, and we do have a plan in place to execute on the remainder of this year. We'll start to look at a modest level for 2018. But we think that the transformation that we’ve done over the last few years really puts out portfolio in great shape and we do obviously look at the stock price frequently, but we don’t want to make long-term decisions based upon a short-term impact on a stock price in our currency. So we’ll continue to evaluate where we are, but we’re very satisfied with the portfolio. 
Glenn Cohen: No, the leasing is not really going to impact us very much. We continue to analyze it. When you get into 2019, these issues around capping of internal costs and the way that that structure, and that is something we’re continuing to evaluate just the way our peers are, then we’ll have to make decisions about how that gets handled. But at the moment, we think we had it very pretty well covered. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, which Conor pretty much mentioned, but when we look at ourselves compared to some of the other bidders there, having an office in seven other centers really gives us an advantage and able to utilize our economies to scale. So when you're deriving an NOI and capping that value, I mean most buyers will typically utilize a 4% management fee coming out of their expense line, which in this size deal is about $400,000 a year. We don’t need to add any staff or open any additional office in order to operate this asset. So when we look at our actual yield on this, its actually it’s substantially higher than these low going-in cap rates that you would utilize sort of large surface. 
Glenn Cohen: We have sold some very high-quality assets. Several of our dispositions this quarter were in the 5 cap range. I mean, maybe we can highlight those more specifically. But we think that the market has sort of shown that for high quality assets buyers are willing to pay for it and there is plenty of capital chasing of those assets. But in terms of bringing in partners to some of the assets that we own a 100%, we really want to control as much as the high-quality real estate that as own as possible. 
