David Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in today. We are pleased with our first quarter results and believe that they represent solid and steady progress on our key 2011 objectives. With help from a slowly improving economy and renewed expansion activity from our national retailers, our most important portfolio metrics continue to improve with positive same-store NOI, leasing spreads and renewals.  Mexico also made an important contribution as our combined portfolio of both existing and newly completed shopping centers achieved an 80% aggregate occupancy level and leasing activity accelerated.  Overall, we are particularly pleased with the increase in our recurring FFO over year-ago levels. While the economy remains fragile with weak employment and housing levels, the recovery has achieved critical momentum in many respects.  Retailers are growing again, and there's virtually no new development activity. Excess space is being slowly absorbed, and rent levels are improving in many markets. Mike will go into the specifics, but we continue to be optimistic about our full year property level results.  Subsequent to quarter end, we completed the sale of the Valad convertible bonds to Blackstone. And as a result, we reduced our non-retail portfolio to just over $600 million. We're only 5% of our total assets. We will continue to decrease our non-retail assets in a measured and disciplined way.  On a parallel course, we also continue to make progress in reducing our portfolio of retail preferred equity investments through property sales, refinancing, partner buyouts and conversion to pursue joint ventures. The preferred equity retail portfolio has declined from $297 million and 125 properties to $156 million and 91 properties over the past 15 months.  Our earnings release also outlined new business activity. And without again listing the specific individual transactions, it is important to note that we are again actively acquiring properties from third parties for both our institutional joint ventures and our own portfolio.  So far, new business has come in the form of one-off transactions, but we also continue to evaluate portfolio opportunities. The market is clearly heated for high-quality retail properties, and we, together with our institutional partners, are being disciplined and patient. With our large portfolio, long history and many relationships, we are confident we will continue to have success adding excellent retail properties to our portfolio on an accretive basis.  Forgive me for again closing by repeating our 2011 priorities: continued improvement in our key metrics, occupancy, same store NOI and leasing spreads; achieving stability and lease-up of our Latin American property portfolio; reducing our non-retail investments and selling our non-strategic retail properties; growing in a measured way by acquiring high-quality retail properties in our core markets; and further reducing our debt with a target net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6.0 or lower.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Glenn for highlights of our quarterly financial results and then Mike Pappagallo will provide details on our property operation. Milton will close with his perspective.
David Henry: Well, I guess my take on the -- weakening the U.S. dollar, again, it makes foreign buyers even more interested in coming into the U.S. market. We've seen a tremendous demand by foreign pension funds and life insurance companies to reenter the market for high-quality retail properties. So in some ways, I think it's going to strengthen the market. I think we remain as scheduled in terms of what we're selling. We have identified a certain number of non-strategic retail assets and they are in the market. And we're hoping between the improving CMBS market and the high demand for hard assets today that are cash flowing, we will do okay on those assets. And Mike, you may want to comment...
David Henry: I'm glad you brought that, up because I would like to complement the InTown Suites management, because we've seen a tremendous improvement on the operational side, and the team is doing a wonderful job. My rough guess is we’re 5% to 10% lower than the peak levels in terms of the EBITDA on the operations. It's improving rapidly. We get weekly flash reports on the RevPAR, and it really is nice to see it escalating in terms of its improvement. The business is doing very well. To update everybody on the call on where we are in the marketing process, we're in a second round of bidding activity. We'll know more, within the next 30 days, how that is going and how aggressive these bidders are. We will then consult with our partners, and we'll make a decision on going forward or not at that time. What is comforting to us is the revenues that are coming from that investment are producing very nice FFO for us at this point.
David Henry: Sure. As I mentioned, so far, we've been successful acquiring perhaps 1/2 dozen properties so far this year, but the activity has been on a one-off basis. We have a number of lines in the water. We anticipate closing at least a couple more in the quarter. We're in the game on looking at bigger transactions, but there's certainly nothing that we could account on at this point nor do we have that -- a large portfolio in our numbers or in M&A transaction and our numbers. Glenn, what's our total that we...
David Henry: That translates to quite a bit of buying power if you think about it, because many of our acquisitions are done with institutional partners, and the properties are leveraged. So if you assume a 50-50 deal, 250 of equity and 50% leverage, that's $1 billion of assets for this year, which I think is a reasonable target.
David Henry: Well, we'll see. So far, the assets we bought, they all have a story to it. And the average cap rate has been significantly higher than 6% on what we bought, and the debt rates have been attractive. So we've locked in some pretty good leverage yields for ourselves and our partners. But you're right. We'll have to wrestle with it. What we do look for is more than that headline cap rate. We look at the built-in growth. We look at redevelopment plays. We look at the price per square foot, if you will, whether it's way below replacement cost. So there's a lot of other met and barriers to entry obviously. We look at a lot of other factors besides the headline cap rate. But as I pointed out, the market is heated. We're determined to be careful. If we do $1 billion, we'll do $1 billion. But if not, that's not a problem and will not impact our numbers significantly.
David Henry: No. No, I just came back from a Mexico City visit, and I came away with renewed confidence that the Mexico economy is picking up nicely and retailers are accelerating their plans, including all kinds of U.S.-based retailers, people -- and small tenants like Nike and McDonald's. I mean, they're just -- they're accelerating their activity in Mexico as well as the big guys that never slow down: the Home Depots and the Wal-Mart and so forth. So our operating -- our local operating partners are feeling better, and they're coming out of their recession the same way we are and perhaps at an accelerated pace. I mean, GDP is expected to be 5% in Mexico this year, unemployment under 6%. They're adding jobs like crazy. Manufacturing's doing well. $120 oil is obviously helping Mexico. So notwithstanding that headline drug violence, which does have an impact and does have -- international retailers have a pause and have a concern about Mexico. But at the neighborhood level, there is increasing activity, and we feel good about achieving an accelerated lease-up. And obviously, that is helping us to move.
David Henry: Yes and yes. And well, it remains to be seen at our proper level. I mean, we're basically a long-term hold for Mexico. I mean, you look at our Wal-Mart ground leases with the cost of living increases every year, and you feel good about holding these assets long term, but you're right. There's increasing investor appetite. Cap rates have come down. The Fibra UNO first public offering down there went remarkably well. But I will remind everybody, there was a lot of dollar-based rental revenues incorporated in that, so I wouldn't read too much into that headline, that cap rate, because it wasn’t all peso revenues and retail assets that were effectively sold to the public there. But anyway, it's clear that property values are increasing. Investors are taking another look at all of Latin America for that matter. Brazil, as you know, has attracted, a lot of interest, and now it is spilling once again over to Mexico. And some of the outside institutional investors that paused, if you will, have renewed their interest, and we have been approached in a number of cases to bring in fresh partners in some of our deals. And we may look at that over time, especially if we see new opportunities.
David Henry: Drug violence or violent is an issue, particularly in certain border areas, but Mexico is a huge country with 106 million people and growing like crazy. It's got a middle class that's growing. Again, as I said, employment is doing well. GDP is doing well. Most of our centers are -- 95%, I believe, are grocery-anchored neighborhood centers. These centers provide necessities and service-based businesses. People feel very safe and comfortable going to these centers. Almost all of our properties are in closed malls. In Mexico, they're air conditioned. They're pleasant. They're secure environments, and the retailers are doing quite well in general. There are a couple of centers we have, Rio Bravo in particular, which is a center of a current problem, and leasing is delayed on a center like that. But in general, we have so many properties in Mexico, and there's so many towns where the violence is not an issue. It's just not the issue that the newspaper and the TV shows would make it out to be.
David Henry: That's true. I mean, Fox News isn't on the Paris news stations every night. And for instance, foreign tourists in Cancun have not slowed down a bit, whereas U.S. tourists to Cancun have. But again, our sensors are neighborhood focused, and the economy is doing well. And there is a little bit of fear and apprehension by not only the local population but outside investors. And we will not deny that that's not an impact, but it doesn't take away from the fact that this country is the 12th largest economy in the world, headed towards being the 5th largest economy in the world. And somebody like Wal-Mart is opening a store a day in this country.
David Henry: Mike, we couldn't hear you too well, but I think the effective part of your question was the difference between neighborhood and community centers and perhaps big-box centers, and we're seeing opportunities to purchase both. As we've mentioned, we're trying to make sure we focus on the higher quality. In terms of a difference of cap rates, generally, the grocery anchored, especially if it's a high-quality grocer, is commanding a little bit lower cap rate than the big-box centers. In our mind though, that's almost an arbitrage opportunity for us, because we're very comfortable. If it's the best big-box center in a market, it's something worth going after. And to the extent it's trading at a little bit higher cap rate than a grocery-anchored neighborhood center, that's okay with us. I think it is fair to say there's still a difference out there in terms of pricing on the grocery-anchored versus a big-box all else being equal, but I can't emphasize enough that all of these centers are different in so many ways: how much local space is involved; the quality of the big-box centers, the market that it’s in and so forth. For instance, at Long Island, which is a barrier-constrained market, we're very comfortable paying a very low cap rate out here, because the long-term prognosis for rent growth is very good.
David Henry: I would echo Milton. Their occupancy costs are low, so they've got a cushion. And they've got a margin, and they're using that margin.
David Henry: Okay, that's a lot of questions built into one. First of all, I'd correct it a little bit. I didn't say overheated. I said heated. So I don't think it's to the point where you want to say you're not a player. Clearly, prices are high, and there's lots of interest in the retail sector again, particularly for the higher quality, and we're now seeing it start to move down a scale. When you finish 17th out of 30 bidders, you begin to look a little harder at perhaps a B market or a B property, so we're starting to see that.  In terms of either M&A or portfolio traction -- portfolio transactions, because of our size and our relationships, we are having an opportunity to take a look at some of these pending things. And obviously, if you are a private owner with a large portfolio, that's considering going public, you're also looking at the possibility of selling that outright as a way to maximize price. And there are -- there is a discount involved in going public, if maximizing your price is where you want to be versus being just a public company with other benefits. You're certainly beginning to show those portfolios out there as an alternative to what the bankers are telling you about going public.  So we've seen some of those in the market, and we have evaluated those. We are wrestling, in some cases, with quality in the markets involved. We've said 2 things: We want to upgrade our portfolio; And secondly, we want to concentrate on our core markets. And so in some cases, the portfolios that we've been shown do not meet that test. And if it doesn't meet the test for us, we don't and we are not comfortable bringing in an institutional partner. But we're very pleased that we're continuing to have those opportunities, and we'll see what this year brings over time.
David Henry: Sure. And Jay, I apologize, I don't think we answered one of your questions from the first round in terms of our -- the pricing on our non-strategic asset sales. But in general, we're looking at somewhere around 8% to 9% in terms of...
David Henry: Okay. I'm sorry. In terms of the urban assets, it remains part of our non-core portfolio, and we are trying very hard to move those. We're having some progress in the Chicago market and the Boston market. The Philadelphia looks to be longer term.
David Henry: Yes. I guess, the bones of the real estate that we have are very good. We're comfortable with them. Many of these properties were purchased as redevelopment plays, and that market just has not come back yet. So it's not the right time to sell them. We do have one or 2 on the market, and we'll see what time brings. But I think you'll see us probably sell our Chicago assets before we sell the Philadelphia assets. But we're determined, over time and at the right price, to move those assets.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. I would like to share with you a few observations on Internet sales and its effect on our retail centers. The Internet and eCommerce will continue to have a growing effect on all types of retail users. Key advantages include pricing, partially due to the avoidance of sales tax of many transactions and the convenience to buy goods over the Internet. The largest impact will be to electronics, music, video and bookstores. There will be far less of an impact on supermarkets, discounters, warehouse clubs, off-price retailers, dollar stores, Home Depot, Lowe's, et cetera.  Thus far, no one is ordering lumber on the Internet. Looking at the composition and the diversification of our top 50 tenants gives us some comfort that our exposure to the incursion of the Internet is, on a relative basis, somewhat muted. Our 3 largest tenants are Home Depot, TJX and Wal-Mart. In addition, I believe we are largest land lord of Costco.  Adding to the impact of the Internet, many retailers are trying to become more efficient and are reducing their store sizes accordingly. We have been aware of this trend and have been focusing on some time for new users to utilize space in our centers. As an example, demand for medical space, dental clinics, urgent care facilities, vocational schools, community colleges and entertainment-focused businesses have all been increasing. We are one of the few real estate companies that have attendees at dental conventions, where we encourage new dentists to begin their practices in our centers. There has also been an increased interest by all ages who belong to fitness clubs and, the demand for this space has been increasing.  On an optimistic note, we expect very few new retailer developments in the United States, not withstanding that our population grows by 3 million people a year. At the same time, retailers have an increased appetite for additional space, and this will reduce our vacancies over time.  What is most exciting for me are the Kimco regional presidents and the teams we have in the field. Their enthusiasm is contagious. I want to thank Mike Pappagallo, Paul Puma, Tom Simmons, John Visconsi, Conor Flynn, Rob Nadler, Kelly Smith, Mike Melson and many others. They have great energy, creativity, integrity that will help us achieve our goals.  And with that, we are all ready to answer any rational questions.
Milton Cooper: Sure, Jay. First, the amount of a local store exposure is relatively small on total basis. The issue in my mind will be the demand will come back when the demand for housing comes back. Housing is such an important part of our GDP. It's furniture, appliances, you name it. And until the housing market is absorbed, I think we will continue to have issues on local stores, because when my housing market comes back, employment will come back. And employment is -- and jobs are necessary for local stores. So that I think that is the issue, and I -- it will take time, but I'm relatively optimistic. In so far as the pricing, we'll ask Dave or Mike.
Milton Cooper: It's right at $4 billion or $5 billion, and so they'll hang. But Ross, you know as well as anyone, we have seen retailers come and go, and I'm thinking one of our Sears locations, where we've had -- we have a 5th tenant each time we got higher rents. So we are in the real estate business, and you got to watch what your rents are and how does that compare to market, et cetera. But I think their balance sheet is strong.
Milton Cooper: And they're focusing on exclusive brands. They know they can't compete with Wal-Mart or Target, but they have Craftsman, and they have Lands' End. They have Martha Stewart, Kenmore. And I wish they were better at promoting their brands, but they have that as an edge.
Milton Cooper: The New York assets are fabulous. You have to look at 21st Street and some of them, they really -- I think we bought it right. We'll have a wonderful exit. There's a solid partner there. So I think we will all be pleased with the end result.
Michael Pappagallo: Yes. So far, Jay, we've -- in terms of in assets we've sold because of the vacancies, it's a relative loss NOI. It's not been that severe, so it pencils in to about a 6% to 7% cap rate, but that somewhat a false positive, because there have been some vacant centers. Our expectation is that these centers will go anywhere from the 8% to 10% range depending on where they are and the tenant base, which I think underscores the difference between what you've been hearing us and others saying in terms of the higher-quality centers, where they're being priced at, where -- cap rates that start the 6%, are pretty much the norm versus the growing difference between B- and C-quality centers.
Michael Pappagallo: Yes, I would comment that in terms of the U.S., we have not changed our points of view and in terms of where we wind up. And then I think that the reason for the change, overall, is simply because by now adding the international numbers, which are going to cause an uptick of 50-or-so basis points, we've ranged it a little bit higher.
Michael Pappagallo: Well, I'll just take it on the other way to Quentin's question with respect to whether the currency shifts are making us change our thinking about growing internationally and increasing our investment. And certainly, it makes things a little more pricey on a U.S.-equivalent basis. But I think as we look at international markets, we're thinking about it for the long term. So currency by itself will not preclude us from further investment. What is precluding us, and I think David mentioned it, often, particularly with respect to Canada, is the expensiveness of the product even in local currency terms and the lack of availability of product. So I think the single important is that we continue, over the long term, to think about increasing our non-U.S. exposure. But everything needs to kind of fall into place, and currency is just one of those dimensions.
Michael Pappagallo: And to my earlier comment that generally, what we're seeing in the environment, whether it's core retail or whether it's alternative use in that capital requirement continued to increase, retailers and others are demanding more dollars to get into -- to get them into the spaces. So that said, I would not necessarily differentiate materially a retail versus an alternative use just to recognize that it’s both requiring capital. I think the net effective rents, if you want to use that term, has stabilized from where they were from the declines that were being experienced over the past few years. That said, they're still probably lower than they clearly were lower than at the height of the market 4 years ago.
Michael Pappagallo: Laura, I wouldn't specifically say that we have a guideline or a percentage. It's going to be very locational specific. There are some assets that we have that -- where essentially retail had shifted away, so we have no limitations on putting it to alternative use. There are other situations where we will change our strategy. There's one particular project in Orlando, where it was initially meant to be primarily retailed with some office and kind of a whiff of a lifestyle-ish type center on a smaller scale. But what we've seen is that medical -- our office and medical users have become the dominant force. So we are shifting our thoughts and our strategies. And that conceivably, over the next few years, it could be substantially all medical use, because that's where the demand is. So there are no particular limitations or requirements on that. What was the second part of your question? I apologize.
Michael Pappagallo: Oh, a dedicated team. We don't have a dedicated team per se, but what we do have, with respect to our national portfolio, a review program that we have certain individuals who will target and will focus their energies on these alternative uses, Milton had mentioned of medical and the dental users. So we reach out whether those users, whether it's the for-profit colleges, whether it's government users. And we will target our initiatives to try and garner information and reach out to the right constituents to through-put some increased activity and then deliver that information to our regional operating teams.
Michael Pappagallo: I would say, Jim, that when you're comparing it say over the past few years, it will be elevated. I can't predict exactly where it's going to go and if it's going to top out at a particular level, but I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of the exit. You know our disclosures that [indiscernible]. Now the difference -- interestingly enough, the difference between now and 2 years ago is that the money needed to be put out, but the rents weren't being paid for it, at least, at this point, because of the supply and demand dynamics that the retailers are in fact paying for that TI. And now even more importantly, it becomes underlying, being -- or analyzing the retailer, their ability to pay that rent over the long term and how that is positioned in the center.
Michael Pappagallo: Yes. Our part portfolio in Southern Florida or in Miami is -- has done and continues to do very well. Where we see the most issue in our portfolio is more on the West Coast of Florida, both Orlando as well as the West Coast of Florida, just in terms of housing, in terms of unemployment and where -- disposable income levels of rent. So that's the area that we've had the toughest slog. And it also is reflective of the fact that in that part of the state, proportionately, we have more small-store tenants. And as a consequence of the -- what we talked about earlier, we've had the most fallout in those small-store tenants. But even in that respect, Vincent, things on the margin are getting better, just slower than in other parts of the country, which have rebounded quite nicely, some of the markets I have mentioned earlier.
Barbara Pooley: The local currency in there was about 40 basis points. The currency impact is about 40 basis points of the increase.
Barbara Pooley: Rich, as you remember probably, we start to include the Mexico assets in occupancy after 2 years whether or not they've reached the "90% stabilization". The recession hit Mexico like it hit the U.S. And as we're coming out of it, the leasing is accelerating quite well, as Dave mentioned, in the overall portfolio including the development assets. It's up to 80% total. You're -- so you're continuing to see some impact on occupancy over the next few quarters as we bring some of these Mexico develop -- previous developments into our occupancy number that are not yet 90% or 92% leased up. But we do expect that, that lease-up will get done over the next 18 months so that it will not be a drag on overall occupancy.
Barbara Pooley: I'd like to mention it's somewhat of a U.S. phenom. More -- the European don't necessarily see it as such an impact in tourism, because after all...
Glenn Cohen: We targeted for our capital plan to put out our capital, about $250 million, and we had sales, roughly about the same. So on a cash basis, we would net pretty well down south.
Glenn Cohen: Right. We have laid out on the non-strategic, to raise again proceeds of roughly $150 million. Separately, we had a target of about another $150 million, $200 million on the non-strategic assets. So we're pretty well on plan with that with the sale of the Valad and the Whiterock bonds.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean you see the improvement coming really in both the U.S. portfolio and within the Mexico portfolio. So we came in a little bit better than we were expecting and some budget in our first quarter and feel good about where that's headed. So that's the bulk of the offset. There's also some currency benefit that will come on Mexico and Canada that adds a little bit to it as well. So in total, they almost balance out. So we're comfortable with the current range.
Glenn Cohen: I think we're comfortable with the current rates where we are, knowing that we're going to have the $0.03 impact from the sales that have occurred. So we'll leave it there for now.
