David B. Henry: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. I'm a little under the weather, so I'm going to ask Scott Onufrey to read my prepared remarks, but I will be available for any easy questions after that.
David B. Henry: And Paul, we're seeing it every month in terms of the high-quality centers we're bidding on. There's more and more bidders for those very high-quality centers and cap rates continue to drift down.
David B. Henry: Well, you hit the 2 things that really make us firmly believe that we will get this baby sold this year. One is that the whole market has picked up since the second half of last year when the CMBS market imploded and we were headed towards another downturn. But we're seeing the exact opposite right now. There's an increasing level of interest in the hotel portfolio. And with our partner's new permission, we have broadened the marketing effort and we do have a number of very interested parties. Our pricing remains exactly what we established before, which will get us out whole in terms of our book investment and maybe a little more if we're lucky. Underneath it, as we mentioned, the properties are doing very well. The RevPAR is increasing substantially. And I think that's what's going on as there's the hint of recovery out there. Investors are looking at hotel assets, which can be priced daily or, in our case, weekly as possible inflation heads. In our case, even at our price, you're buying way below replacement costs and it's an established brand and a platform and so forth. So we feel good about making something happen with this relatively soon.
David B. Henry: But it really is a tale of 2 cities out there, the high quality, very low cap rates and the B properties and secondary markets or tertiary markets, limited bidders and higher cap rates.
David B. Henry: Well, we do have a business plan for each and every Kmart location. Primarily, our exposure is Kmart. There's a handful of Sears, but there is a game plan and they are in different buckets. Milton, if you want to...
David B. Henry: And if you remember, in 2002, when Kmart went bankrupt, the very high rent leases or the very poorest performing stores were rejected at that point. So the portfolio at that time, that we were left with, was a very high-quality portfolio, either in terms of very low rents or very good location. And we just want to assure, everybody, we are being very proactive about this. And to the extent we can take back some of these properties early, we will do so and they should find good homes.
David B. Henry: Two comments. One is we will probably, very unlikely, that we will ever go back into the trading business, merchant building where we build and sell. To the extent the economics makes sense, we will build and hold. We are a believer in the long-term recurring income, especially if we're going to build a quality property. We're going to hold that. But just to clarify, Glenn, a lot of that gain in the numbers came from selling a KDI property into a new joint venture with SEB.
David B. Henry: Yes, I think we've -- we are accelerating it. And we do believe that not withstanding these higher cap rates for the lower quality properties. Interest rates are at historic lows. Real estate is attracting capital again. It's an inflation hedge, as I mentioned, an alternative investment that yield virtually nothing. So it's a good time to sell, not withstanding these higher cap rates. And we can offset the dilution in many different ways.
David B. Henry: But I think it's safe to say, what 75%, 80% of these leases are below market. Some of them significantly below market. Do we have some that are above market? Sure. But most of these are under market and not bad locations that we should be able to replace them relative easy if something happened. And in the meantime, we are being proactive on the stores that perhaps Kmart or Sears want to close, trying to work with them, trying to get the space back early if we can on a fair basis.
David B. Henry: And I would just add that we're seeing an all-time high level of interest from life insurance companies, pension funds and sovereign wealth funds getting back, if you will, into the real estate market as they look at -- look for higher yields. There are alternatives in terms of treasuries and corporates are just so low and they're -- in many cases, insurance companies need actuarially much higher yields. So the level of interest that we've received in investing in, again high quality, is very high.
David B. Henry: And to just add to my remarks, we do want to acknowledge that Barb made some wonderful contributions to our company over the years that she was here specifically, in the property accounting group, Latin America. She was extremely helpful. And most of you on the call know her from her investor relations activities, which were second to none and we appreciate that. At the end of the day, they were just a number of things we didn't see eye to eye on. And we're a generous culture. And that's the form of the payment.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. We are in an environment of low interest rates. There is little inflation and there are signs of improvement in the job market and other economic indicators. Much more is needed but we are heading in the right direction. If the trend is confirmed and continues, all commercial real estate will benefit. Of course, we have no control over the economy, but what we do control are where our focus must lie is in our portfolio and our strategy. And what does that mean for Kimco? One, continue improving our key portfolio operating metrics. Two, continue our momentum of exiting our non-retail assets and our nonstrategic shopping centers. Three, anticipate the ever-changing landscape of retail and seize opportunities as we have done on so many occasions in the past. Overall, we feel very good about the prospects of many of the retailers and their increasing need for space, restaurants, health clubs, service businesses such as dry cleaners, all are relatively immune to the Internet in a rapidly growing [indiscernible]. The positive news is that there is an essentially no development -- new development as I expected and specifically, there have been no new malls built within the past several years and some of the existing mall tenants are seeking space, enabling community shopping centers to meet their expansion needs. With relatively few new retail developments and continued population growth, there should be improvement in both occupancy and rents.  I also believe that cap rates will compress. The spread between 10-year treasuries and cap rates is simply too high compared to historic trends -- spreads. My sense is that it is good to control close to 1 billion square feet of land in a growing country. We continue to seize opportunities with weak retailers with strong real estate using our extensive experience and contacts in the bankruptcy arena. We recently took back 3 leases in both the Syms and A&P bankruptcies that will allow us to either redevelop the centers or simply re-lease at higher rents. We are continuing our program of rationalizing our portfolio by selling nonstrategic assets.  Now let's look back and note what we have achieved since the depth of the great recession. Since the S&P 500 index reached its lows in March 2009, Kimco's total return of 182% compares very favorably to the S&P 500 total return of 74% over the same time period. We also outperformed the NAREIT Index. We've been through many cycles and we now have more than 20 years' experience of being a public company and celebrated our anniversary last year. It was a special celebration for all of us at Kimco, and we're excited about our future and the prospects for our company.  And we that, we will be delighted to answer any questions that you may have.
Milton Cooper: Let me answer the latter part of the question first. It will not affect our desire and momentum to exit the nonstrategic assets and the lesser quality assets. Our objective is to have the highest-quality portfolio. And I do think that cap rates, as I mentioned, as a spread -- if you're buying a cap rate of 7%, let's say, or even 6%, it's still a spread of over 400 basis points at the lower end of the treasuries. And when you consider the possibilities of inflation, the fact that there is a tax savings and having depreciation and real estate assets, that residual value should increase as the country grows. We will have 39 million poor people in America at the end of the 10 years. It's more than the population in Canada and Australia. So residual value, I'll tell you. So that is my thesis for my view that cap rates will compress.
Milton Cooper: What I would add, cap rates and interest rates are tied at the hip. And I think Glenn has pointed out to us that financing is available -- tenure financing is available at the fullest. And if you have tenure available at the fullest, you can readily determine that cap rates are going to be less than 7.
Milton Cooper: Well, again, the Sears are very tiny portion. And so far as Kmart is concerned, there are 2 aspects. One, they have credit and when we look at their credit, it's still a $4.4 billion equity market cap. And thus far, they have not closed any of the stores in our market, indeed in Pompano. We paid to cancel the lease to Kmart and we're replacing that with a very aggressive supermarket and sporting goods. We redeveloped that very well. So you get back to the fundamentals of real estate. And when the real estate is good and the rents are good, we should be able to recycle those that are closed. There has only been one closed in our portfolio.
Milton Cooper: Another comment on the Sears, Kmart credit. You must remember, one, that Sears owns a very large bank in Sears Canada that has wonderful assets and doing relatively better. Two, they have an Internet function that has been quite successful. So that may be the reason why there is that $4.4 billion market cap.
Milton Cooper: Well, how much of it is influenced by the actions of the Fed and the government, I'm not sure. We all are aware that these rates can't last forever and that there will be much higher rates in the future. Now coming back to the cap rates. In the worst times, and believe it or not, I remember a time when prime was 21, when the 10-year treasury was north of 10%. And even in those periods of extremely high interest rates on decent shopping centers, it never went really above 10%. There was -- people felt it was an asset. They wanted a safe yield, there were benefits of depreciation, feeling there will be ultimate residual values. So historically, Michael, even if you had it now, as 10% is a long way off from 6% and 7%, what I'm trying to put in perspective, it doesn't mean that as rates run away, that cap rates will go to 13% or 14%, et cetera. And the other thing that has happened, the demand for real estate as a portion of total investments has increased. The performance of REITs compared to other common stocks has been excellent. You will not have any internal scandals. You don't have to have any global crossings. By and large, there are management's with entrepreneurs and decent track records, good characters and they do have yields. So I -- while I'm a pessimist before the Great Depression, I still feel optimistic that we're not going to revert to very high cap rates. I hope I've answered it.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, I've not broken that down at that level. What I can tell you is that the increase in the small store occupancy, and even the anchor occupancy came about, I would suggest, half and half. Half from positive absorption and half from the disposition activity as we sell some of these poorly occupied centers, this nonstrategic part of our portfolio where we're gaining disproportionately, if you will, in the small store vacancies. So while I didn't give you the numbers, I think we could take from the comment that a lot of the improvement has come from addition by subtraction. Now your question on 2012 with respect to targets and the underlying assumptions of small ticket leasing. Glenn had pointed out that the overall occupancy increase is going to be 50 to 100 basis points. That's a combination in our planning of both positive absorption, as well as that ongoing disposition activity. Again, I think it'll probably be a half and half proposition with the high end, the high-end improvement of the occupancy reflecting more aggressive disposition activity. Hopefully, that helps.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Alex, the predominant buyer of our shopping centers, the quality smallish centers in our non-core markets are almost always local guys. Local guys who either have capital available, have a local banking relationship, may be coming off a 1031 exchange of selling and other property. But it is very, very local. Our strategy has been on a one-off basis because these assets are diverse. There's no comment directed to them. It's not a single market, et cetera. So because of that and we're oftentimes asked about how the CMBS market has affected our program or the capital availability in general, it really hasn't. The thing that more impacts the velocity of our program is the fact that because this is the bottom line of our portfolio, there is, on the normal course of business, more tenants fall out. There's more questions about viability of some of the smaller tenancies and the resiliency of whatever anchors are there. So there's a lot of horse trading that goes on. We tried to accelerate the process as best as we can. And we'll need to make concessions in certain cases, but we're committed to move. It isn't financing that's going to drive the bus, at least for this round of disposition.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Jeff, the lease, as we see it through the lens of our disposition again with the peculiar nature of the property, the cash of sale -- exit cap rates have generally hovered in the 9s, as an average. Some are less, some are more. Depending on what type of asset we're really exiting. So it's remained, relatively speaking, at that level, not withstanding some of the compression in financing spread. So again, because there's much more real estate risk associated with some of the assets. As to the higher-quality property, now the A, the B pluses, we're just echoing what Dave had said is as the continual slight to quality persists, we're seeing more and more compression of cap rates. So as Milton suggested, as the cap rates are going down, you're clearly seeing it on the front tier of the As and the B pluses.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And Cedrik, I'll just again restate what I said earlier and what Milton said. We continue to aggressively pursue the disposition of these assets. We're not going to wait for any further lowering of cap rates. Our biggest hurdle, quite frankly, is the fact that these are, again, a series of assets across the countries, small and not in any one particular market. It's very much a ground more of individual negotiation. If I had an entire market I was getting out of, then we'd probably package it up and market it to a different set of buyers. We don't have that in this situation. So we're moving as quickly as we can. But it's going to be a lot of singles and doubles and not a lot of grand slam home run in any one transaction.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Well, the average base rent, Vincent, is about $5.62. So on balance, we feel that market rent for the available space is higher. Okay, but that's a theoretical comment in the sense that since many of these leases still have a significant amount of term, trying to extract their sales, trying to get out of those leases so it's a little bit more of a difficult proposition. But yes, theoretically, we feel that the market rent is higher now, whether it's 10%, 15%, 20%. That's tough to gauge because it's pretty diverse. The one example we always like to give is, depending on the market, it could be substantially higher. We only talk about the target that replaced the Kmart in Staten Island, a very dense market with very limited supply. And that upside was tremendous. That was about 1 percentage of that.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Right. It is fixed at this point, in terms of what we rolled out from Investor Day on forward. But one of the points that I made in my prepared remarks is that it is a continuous program. And we will -- we asked our regional leadership to continually reevaluate the markets and submarkets, their individual asset level business plan. So this "portfolio" will expand and contract as need be. So if you move beyond the straight white line about what's strategic, what's nonstrategic, the more important dimension to understand about where we are coming from is that recycling will be an ongoing part of the landscape going forward. We are not simply accumulating for accumulation's sake. Size does have advantages. But it's not the be-all and end-all. And we've really started to think more aggressively about how we create the optimal portfolio, not the largest portfolio.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, we've recently launched that, Jeffrey. And essentially, what we do is we -- the Kimco team reaches out to established franchisors to develop a program and get our locations preapproved based on the franchisor's criteria. Then this facilitates marketing those spaces to the prospective franchisees. So we've recently launched it. I think we have about 16 different franchise concepts that are part of the program. We are starting to see some traction in terms of access to our web page that this program links into, wherein franchising events and conferences. And we're starting to gain some traction in that regard. It's one among a whole variety of things that we have been pursuing. And almost all of these initiatives that I had mentioned before, there are coming from the ground. Deeper than that, corporate-induced programs where, say, I'm sitting here in New Hyde Park coming up with the next great idea. All of these ideas are bubbling up from our regional people who, based on the market, based on the needs, are coming up with different ideas. We test them out in maybe a market or a region. And if we like what we see, then we bring it across to the entire portfolio.
Glenn G. Cohen: Our budget is to try to get to a 90% level for the entire basket. And you have to remember the entire basket has some recently completed property. So that's why it's not there yet. Leasing is accelerating. We feel very good, as we said in the remarks. We're seeing increasing activity from Mexican retailers, as well as the continued activity from the international retailers. And we're seeing a pickup in Mexico, just like the U.S., in the small shop leasing. The challenges to getting there, obviously, especially in an election year in Mexico, is possible turmoil in Mexico. But honestly, it really seems that they're just powering through the headlines that you may see. And it's helped by the fact that Mexico continues to be under stored by any metric you want to look at compared to the U.S. And the underlying economy is strong with sustained GDP growth between 3% and 4%, low unemployment, manufacturing basis coming back very strongly there. So we feel good. So test us if we get to the 90% level by year end. But that's our firm goal.
Glenn G. Cohen: And just one other thing to add to that, Craig, in terms of reaching that goal, and if you will, to your point about catching up to the rest of the portfolio. If things proceed as planned, it's really a 2013, 2014 type full stabilization point across the entire portfolio where we hope that U.S. occupancies and Mexico occupancies will be flat and then termed indistinguishable, as long as results will be good. But that's our timeframe.
Glenn G. Cohen: I mean, from a modeling standpoint in our guidance, we modeled in that it will get sold sometime during the third quarter.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, so in terms of non-retail disposition, as we mentioned, it was is $495 million of book value assets remaining. We expect that have modeled in to sell around $250 million during 2012. So it's going to bring the number almost in half. And then on the nonstrategic retail assets, we modeled in there about $250 million of sales as well. So you can do that in conjunction with our overall capital plan. That's why we just remain in this recycling program and no need for further equity at this point in time.
Glenn G. Cohen: Alex, it's Glenn. I mean, when you look at nonrecourse mortgage financing, rates have definitely started to compress. Spreads are starting to compress again. As you know, the market got pretty frozen again during the latter half of '11. That has definitely thawed and there's a lot of activity again. And you're starting to see spread compression, both on the nonrecourse side, and you're seeing spread compression even in the unsecured bond market, even at the levels that treasuries are out today. So I think the capital markets are actually in very, very good shape. And it also goes to the bank market. Bank market spreads have also come in.
Glenn G. Cohen: We haven't had a merchant building gain in quite a while. This was a KDI asset. So it wasn't merchant building asset and we had the opportunity to sell it. It's an asset that is in our taxable REIT subsidiary. And as we've always done, merchant building gains have been included in FFO, but only to the extent of the economic gain. So will you see a lot more of it? Probably not. There's not a whole lot of KDI assets that are left within the TRFs. There's a few. And we'll keep an eye on them as we go. But again, the main focus, I think, for us is that we continue to focus on the recurring flows and the gain, again, as part of the headline number, but not in the recurring numbers.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, from an acquisition standpoint, we've modeled in roughly $350 million of our investment dollars. So that will be a mix of consolidated fully-owned properties, as well as any capital that we would invest further with joint venture partners. So that's our target. On the disposition side, as I mentioned, roughly $250 million of non-retail assets to be monetized over the year, as well as another $250 million of sales of nonstrategic retail assets.
Glenn G. Cohen: Quentin, it will show up in the first quarter as part of a onetime nonrecurring. So we won't include it in our recurring FFO. But it will show up in the headline number and impacted there.
