David Bujnicki: Thanks Lauren. Thank you all for joining the fourth-quarter 2010 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s “hopes,” “intentions,” “beliefs,” “expectations” or “projections” of the future are forward-looking statements. It’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our Web site. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have the opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue and if you have additional questions, if we have time at the end of the call, we will address them. With that I turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David Bujnicki: Operator, we’re ready to move on to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Please respect the limit of one question.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Lauren. A final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our Web site at www.kimcorealty.com. Thank you for participating today.
Dave Henry: Good morning. Thanks for calling in. Our fourth-quarter results reflect another solid quarter of improving fundamentals and a brightening outlook across the retail real estate sector. A third consecutive quarter of positive same-store NOI and good leasing activity together with continued progress in reducing both our corporate leverage and our non-retail portfolio leaves us feeling very optimistic about 2011. Retail sales have been strong and retailer earnings and balance sheets are much improved. With virtually no new speculative retail development, retailers are becoming much more flexible in terms of looking at existing vacancies and effective rents are increasing, albeit still significantly below peak levels. There continues to be substantial geographic differences across our portfolio, again highlighting the benefits of diversification in our large scale platform. Canada, Puerto Rico and Long Island, for example, have very few vacancies and rents have held firm during the downturn. Other markets, such as Arizona, Southern California and parts of Florida remain soft. Overall, in an aggregate, however, leasing activity and rent levels are improving. With our strong balance sheet, substantial liquidity and multiple large institutional partners, we have selectively begun to acquire high quality retail properties from third-party owners, where the economics are accretive and the locations lie within our targeted markets. We plan to be very disciplined and patient as we evaluate opportunities, but we will definitely win our share of property acquisitions, given our size, longstanding relationships and our reputation for being a reliable buyer. Beginning in the third quarter of 2010, to-date, we have purchased and closed on 10 properties from third-party owners, four for various joint venture partners and six for our core REIT portfolio. The acquisitions totaled approximately $269 million and comprised $1.9 million square feet across six states. We continue to be selective and disciplined about purchasing shopping centers of high quality with good long-term demographics. As noted in our press release, we also continue to make progress in reducing both our portfolio of non-retail investments and our retail preferred equity holdings. Our non-retail portfolio now stands at roughly $798 million, 130 investments, down from $1 billion, 161 investments at the beginning of 2009. We had good momentum with our largest investment InTown Suites, now being formally marketed by an investment banking firm and a number of other repayments expected to occur in the first-quarter. In addition we have received $15 million in principal payments on the Valad convertible bond together with interest payments as scheduled. With respect to our retail preferred equity portfolio, over the past year, we have reduced the amount and a number of our retail preferred equity investments from $297 million and 125 properties to $158 million and 92 properties. This has been achieved through a combination of property sales, refinancing, partner exchanges and conversions pari-passu joint ventures. Good solid progress on this front. As we enter 2011, our priorities remain clear and consistent with prior earnings calls. Our team is focused on, one, continued improvement in the vital signs and metrics for our shopping centers, occupancy, same-store NOI and leasing spreads. Two, achieving stability and lease-up in our Latin American portfolio. Three, reducing our non-retail investments and selling our non-strategic retail properties. Four, growing in a disciplined and measured way by acquiring high quality properties in key markets for both our institutional partners and our own portfolio. And five, further reducing debt and targeting a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 6.0 or lower by 2012. Progress on all these fronts will put us in a strong position to achieve both our income targets and the goals outlined above. We do indeed feel very positive about the improving environment for retail property fundamentals and our retail tenants. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Glenn for a detailed review of our quarterly financial results and later, Mike Pappagallo will talk in-depth about our property operations and various portfolio initiatives, and then Milton will close with his perspective on the current environment for property acquisitions and values.
Dave Henry: Craig, I just would add a couple comments. On the U.S. side, from retailers, it really divides into two camps. The U.S. retailers that are already there in Mexico and have profited and are doing well have resumed their expansion or never stopped their expansion plans like the Home Depots and Wal-Marts and others. Other retailers that had been looking at Mexico as an expansion opportunity, I think it’s fair to say they’ve given pause to that and are taking a hard look and would like to see further evidence that the violence levels have decreased and the government is winning that battle. So, I think it is fair to say U.S. retailers that aren’t already there, are a little bit apprehensive about going to Mexico, but the ones that are there, have ramped it up again.
Dave Henry: As I have mentioned before, Craig, Mexico is unusual in that the local stores there are maybe only 350 square feet, 400 square feet, size of a motel room compared to U.S. local stores that are 2,000 square feet.
Dave Henry: But it is somewhat encouraging from where we sit that even the local stores are showing some progress again, especially, national retailers with small store footprints. Those guys are expanding again. The local mom and pops are continuing to struggle especially in certain geographic areas. Credit is still constraint for a single store operator, but across the board even the small shops were feeling better about.
Dave Henry: Well, I think you managed to sneak in (inaudible) questions there. We’ll take them one at a time. And in fairness to Valad, I think you have to look at their public press releases to really get more color. But it’s fair to say that the Board is looking at various strategic alternatives, including an outright sale of the company, a merger of the company, selling off major asset groups, and interestingly enough their former CEO is leading a management buyout proposal of their European management business, which the Board is now wrestling with. Obviously, there is a built-in conflict there with the former CEO stepping aside and then leading an offer to buy the European business. So it’s fair to say there’s a lots of moving parts and they are looking at significant asset sales that they try to reduce their debt levels overtime. They recently announced that a major hotel property that they recently got full title to is now on the market. So as these sales occur, we are hopeful that they will be able to make further principal reductions. We’re pleased that we received $15 million so far. And they remain fully current on the interest payment, which is a nice 9.5%. So we wish them well and we’ll see how it goes. With respect to intown, we’re pleased that we finally huddled all the caps together and it’s now formally in the market with an investment banking group. We have 138 properties. As you probably know, we feel very good about the month-to-month increases in what they call RevPAR. Clearly, the operations are doing better. I don’t want to give you a prediction for this year, but it’s fair to assume, it’s going to do significantly better in terms of bottom-line results than last year. And we feel good about the timing in terms of hitting the market with these properties. Our basis is substantially below replacement value and the extended stay segment is doing very well. So we remain hopeful that we’ll make progress and get good activity on buying us this platform because as you know we own the hotels and we own the platform as well.
Dave Henry: As you know, that obviously is private company. What I can tell you though is if you look at the net operating income disclosures in our supplement in the ‘Other Investment’ section, there is a number which is about $51 million. Most of that is attributable to the intown investment as it is the largest piece of the other investments puzzle, and we expect that I’d say…
Dave Henry: We have to respect the fact that we do have other partners in this transaction. So we can’t give you 100% of the full details. But we are feeling very good about it.
Dave Henry: Well, this is a favorite topic of mine, and it’s debated across the industry. I firmly feel that the large-scale speculative development where developers or even REITs like ours go out and buy land, get it entitled, gone, get an anchored tenant and take the risk of leasing the rest of the center, we’re several years away from that. What you will see is where we and others own land already and it’s sitting there and we can get some demand and make it income producing, you may see some of that, you’ll see some redevelopment, you’ll see some expansion. But in terms of getting back to millions of square feet being developed across the board and adding to the inventory of retail space, I personally just don’t see it and most in the industry don’t see it. If you think about credit is not available, construction financing is not available for this, large scale equity bets are not available for this, tenant rents aren’t high enough to justify it. I just think it’s going to be very limited for quite a while.
Dave Henry: It depends on why we put it into non-strategic bucket, if you will. In terms of the shopping centers, we’ve got some very good shopping centers. They just don’t happen to be in our core markets and those trade at very low cap rates. We’ve got some other shopping centers that are B properties or have issues that are going to trade eight to nine-ish cap rate at the end of the day, so, it really depends on where that property is. Interestingly, if you take one more step and look at our non-retail, the level of interest we get called everyday now. We heard you guys are selling some non-retail stuff. The amount of cash that’s sitting out there, wanting to invest in decent real estate is just quite amazing to me. And people are tired of getting virtually no returns. So, anything that’s cash flowing is of interest today.
Dave Henry: Clearly, when we talk to our grocery tenants, they are feeling increasing pressure these days by the number of other outlets for food. Even Dollar Stores and convenient stores and so forth. So they anticipate there’s going to be margin pressure. You combine that with commodity prices going up, their inventory going up, and some of the things that held firm during the recession, prepared foods and store labels that have served them well, that’s going to be less of a factor for them, so I read a lot of these guys as a little bit worried now about where it’s going. And as Mike pointed out, when we buy new grocery anchored centers, we’re taking a very hard look at the rent and whether we can replace that with another user, if possible.
Dave Henry: As you know, IRRs are very dependent on the exit cap rates and your assumptions, I think we start by looking at the unlevered cap rate that we’re going in at and whether that’s sustainable. Most good quality properties I think we can bank on somewhere around 2% annual growth and if we can get that and if we can buy it at 7.5% to an 8% unlevered return, we think that’s pretty accretive and we would consider that for our core. As the higher quality properties get down closer to six cap, we do look at those as a product for our institutional joint ventures. We really need to leverage our side of the returns with fees and other things to make the numbers work long-term. So for us it’s really not so much about IRRs long-term, because it’s so dependent on the assumption. We look at that rent rule that’s in place today, what the cash flows are today and what the risk to those cash flows are over time.
Dave Henry: I think it starts with the fact that there is tremendous bidding wars right today for the high quality stuff that pushes cap rates to 6% or less. We are losing deal all the time to people that are bidding an under 6% going in cap rate. So you don’t even have to look out, you just look at what’s going on today. And certainly, the trend that Milton is looking at is cap rates are still going down because demand is exceeding supply and these are good hard assets that provide a cash flow at a time when people are little bit worried, whiff of inflation, hard asset is good and so forth. For us, as we said before, we start with the quality of the property, the sustainability of that cash flow, whether it’s accretive or not to our shareholders and whether we need an institutional partner.
Dave Henry: Well, as Milton has always pointed out, M&A is difficult, because by the time you pay for their investment bank or your investment bank, their lawyers, your lawyer, you pay the premium that you need, it starts to get tough to make the numbers work. And then if you think about most Boards of Directors for companies that have made it through this downturn are not really that prepared to sell at a stock price, that’s 30%, 40% below where they were a couple of years ago. So I suspect there will still be very few M&A deals in our sector.
Milton Cooper: Thanks Mike. Firstly, I would like to congratulate our CEO Dave Henry. At the Winter Meeting of the trustees in the International Council of Shopping Centers, Dave was nominated to be the next Chairman of the ICSC. Trustees gave Dave a standing ovation and is just further evidence of the respect that Dave has amongst his peers. Now, Dave, Mike and Glenn have described the excellent results of our quarter and our progress in actions moving toward achieving the strategic goals we have outlined. We have a good business model. We have a portfolio that has a steady increase in cash flow and a management team that can find ways to profit from the perturbations in the retail real estate market. My own view is that cash flows from long-term leases in our portfolio are substantially undervalued. In my opinion, we are in an environment where hot assets are in great demand and growing cash flows in shopping centers will have cap rates that will be below 6%. I mentioned this against the background of the issues at so many states and municipalities. Who would have thought that the credits of the great states of California, Illinois, Michigan would become suspect. Who would have thought the prices of municipal bonds will plummet. Who would have thought that certain cities in California would be able to settle obligation at substantial disciplines. As a consequence, cash flows of shopping centers located on major thorough fares and strong markets are a wonderful safe haven. Demand for retail space is increasing because there are very few new developments and many retailers are experiencing angst as they wonder whether they will be able to meet their expansion plans for 2012 store openings. Overtime, we will have inflation and we will have growth in cash flow and growth in value. Now, this November we’ll celebrate the 20th anniversary of our initial public offering. Despite the restitutes [ph] of the market our investors have earned total return of 1,103% at an average annual return of 13.8% since the initial IPO. I’m proud of the record, and we’re ready for the next phase of our growth. I thank our terrific team and we now welcome your questions.
Milton Cooper: Dave, I would offer that both the bankruptcies that have been announced as well as some speculation on other enterprises that may go bankrupt put in the short-term, (inaudible) in terms of net operating income, at least for the short-term you think about down time, etc., So that is really the primary driver on the low end. As we’ve spoken about earlier, longer-term, many of those spaces for those tenants like Blockbuster, our AMT exposure, even our discussion at Investor Day about orders. In terms of recycling the rents and the market rental spaces, we feel pretty comfortable that there wasn’t long-term damage in terms of our cash flows. But you’re always going to have some shorter term downtime in releasing vacant space.
Milton Cooper: I don’t think we’re going to be a bank to the tenants. We have certainly over the last few years added more TI allowance, where it’s been needed to fill the spaces. I actually think also for the tenants you’re going to see over the next six months to 18 months that they’re going to start to be able to access more capital from the commercial banks. It always starts with a large, better credits. We’ve seen our credit spreads come in dramatically, again our ten year spreads today in the mid-100s and you’re starting to see loosening up somewhat from the commercial bank level. So I think you’re going to see improvement come over that time period, but we’re not really changing our stripes in terms of being the bank for the tenants.
Mike Pappagallo: Paul, what we can tell you is that when you think about peak occupancy overall, it was in the 96% level, and as you know we did not break it down into these two components. But I think it’s safe to say that at the height of the market that the larger spaces that are probably a couple points or two even more occupied than they were and the stat I gave you and then doing the math obviously the small store spaces were probably over 90%. I think that’s the best I can offer you considering we didn’t focus on those breakdowns historically.
Mike Pappagallo: I’ll answer the second question, first. In that, 0% to 2% range is just that, it represents a beneficial or a good case on the high end, meaning some recovery and some occupancy increase and positive absorption on the small store space as Glenn talked about in his guidance projections. So, I think the same-store guidance represent a moderate improvement in small store leasing and improvement in absorption. If there was a significant increase in credit availability and the economy really took off on that score, we could probably exceed that, but like many things, our guidance is balanced. For the first part of the question maybe just in terms of just a general perspective on small store, credit availability and the impact, we have Rob Nadler on the phone. Rob, perhaps you can give a few words, perspectives on small ticket leasing.
Mike Pappagallo: Jeff, what I would add to that is that depending on the market, I mean if we’re talking about small store activity and number of inquiries, talking about new space markets, Long Island some of our Mid Atlantic states, it’s been very firm. California and Arizona, some of the areas that were hardest hit, it’s an uneven traction. I think that’s where longer-term the possibilities can benefit us if there was a pickup in small store leasing. As I mentioned earlier, it is very regional and it’s focused.
Mike Pappagallo: No, there is more, there is an increase, they are fairly aggressive today. I mean if you take the Famous Footwears or the Shoe Carnivals of the world or the Dress Barns of the world with the Maurices division and Justice which is doing very well. They are hungry. They are hungry for space. And as Milton indicated they are concerned about the lack of development not providing the opportunities for them to meet their growth objectives. So no, they are strong today and looking to grow and being more adaptive and flexible than ever because of the lack of new construction and development.
Mike Pappagallo: In thinking Florida, I’d reaffirm with the things we said very often that our portfolio in Southern Florida, Miami-Dade area, Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, etc., has been and continues to be very strong in terms of occupancy, tenancy, etc., so we’ve done very well there. Our issues have been mostly on the West Coast of Florida when you think about everything up from Central Florida and Orlando, Tampa, St. Pete, etc., That’s been a difficult market. We continue to see pressure on leasing spreads. There has been some improvement, but there’s still ways to go. And we are focused obviously in our small ticket leasing in that area. California obviously, a large state. We have significant exposure there. I would say that Northern California for us, the Bay area remains very strong and has continued to do so. We’ve got a lot of signature properties up there. In Southern California, many of which were acquired from the Pan Pacific acquisition. There again we’ve relatively been disproportionately hurt in terms of small ticket leasing or small store space. The rents were quite high from earlier that were signed five years or ten years ago, so there’s been a lot of pressure in that arena as well. That said Jim, when I made my earlier comments about new leases and vacates being a push in total, I think one of the things we’re encouraged by is that in recent quarters in the Southern California portfolio that we have been signing almost as many leases as tenants have been vacating. So we’re starting to see a bit of a turn in terms of the velocity and small ticket leasing in Southern California.
Mike Pappagallo: I’d say, that’s fair, Jay. I alluded to in my prepared remarks about 2012 and 2013, where positive spreads would be driven very much by many of the below market rate anchor leases that are coming due, some of which we put forth in our Investor Day material. As it relates to the small ticket leasing, you are seeing stabilization occur and really the critical difference is spreads are against a contract rate versus discussion about market rates spinning [ph] out. We see market rates stabilizing across the board. It’s just a question of what was the old contract rate and needs to be a little bit more betting out of some of those older leases and older contract rents before we get into positive absorptions.
Mike Pappagallo: I’ll just take a pass at that. Clearly, with grocery, with grocers or the traditional grocers, so much of it is dependent these days about their location in terms of where they are at as well as their own operating strategies. We can talk about grocers who do very well either in their specific market like HEB or Wegmans or some of the larger operators like Publix and Harris Teeter and others who do very well in their markets. So, a lot depends on operating strategy, the execution, the ability to deliver the product, and to maintain good quality product in good markets. That said it is apparent that there is so much competitive pressure coming in from the super Wal-Mart, the super Targets, even the drug stores providing some level of food, the warehouse clubs, it’s on and on and on. So, from our perspective as we look at our own exposure, as we look at buying property, selling property, redeveloping property, we’re not getting into a binary decision in terms of all grocery anchored centers are good, all big box centers are bad. You’re basically looking at the strength of the retailer, where they are in the competitive environment, the viability of the space to continue to be primarily a super market, if that particular tenant or retailer fail and so on. So, it’s a complicated equation and (inaudible) Vincent I think there’s been a little bit too much simplistic thinking about grocery versus big box in the current environment for valuation purposes.
