David B. Henry: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in today. Hurricane Sandy has given us an exciting few days, and we are glad it has moved on from our area. We are pleased to report strong third quarter results, continued progress on our key objectives and a significant increase in our annual dividend. Glenn and Mike will provide details and color. But in the main we continue to see steady and sustained improvement across our portfolio in terms of our key metrics and retailer demand for space. Despite the soft economy and weak employment and housing, consumer spending is holding up and national retailers in particular are again pursuing aggressive expansion plans. Discount and value-oriented anchors of all types have announced increased store counts for 2013, 2014. And this bodes well for our portfolio, especially in the context of very limited new development or supply of retail space. Although market rents remain substantially below peak levels and while certainly not a landlord's market, effective rents are increasing in most areas. We are even beginning to see occupancy improvement in our local stores basis, which has been our primary issue over the past several years. During the quarter, we made solid progress reducing our non-retail investments, selling our lower-quality, non-strategic properties, leasing up our Latin American development properties and strengthening our balance sheets. We are also thrilled to be able to discuss the fully executed purchase and sales agreement with an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group for the purchase of our InTown Suites investment. We've been working through the sales process for an extended period of time due to the complexity of selling both the corporate entity and the real estate assets. The closing timeframe is also expected to be prolonged due to the loan assumptions required and other closing details. However, all parties involved are proceeding as expeditiously as possible, and the underlying investment continues to perform very well. I would also like to take a moment to discuss our concentrated efforts to transform over time our large shopping center portfolio into one that is well recognized and described as "best-in-class." In addition to the disposition of nonstrategic and lower-quality retail assets, we have purchased many terrific new shopping centers, and we continue to expand, devote resources and invest capital in many of our very best retail properties. We recognize that the key to our success will be a dedicated focus on Kimco's primary core markets, which in general are highlighted by strong demographics, barriers to entry, limited retail per capita, larger-sized properties and higher population densities. The New York City metro area, where we have more than 70 shopping centers, and the Baltimore-Washington Corridor, where we have more than 40 shopping centers, are 2 good examples of Kimco primary markets, where we already have scale, long-standing tenant relationships and premier retail properties. We will remain fully national in scope, but we will continue to refine and focus on certain key markets. With respect to our international markets, Canada remains a strong, improving contributor to our company with a long-term, very favorable outlook. Mexico, our other large international market, also has a strong economy with 10 straight quarters of year-over-year economic expansion and a strong resurgence of international capital in the real estate sector and increasing property values. For us, lease-up of our development portfolio remains paramount and the 130 basis points occupancy increase in aggregate in our Mexico properties during the quarter is gratifying and shows promise for the rest of the year. Overall, our Latin American stabilized portfolio now exceeds 90% occupancy. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of the quarter, to be followed by Mike and Milton.
David B. Henry: Yes. As we mentioned before, 2 things are occurring -- for us, anyway. The high-quality properties we're buying are in the 6s today and sometimes drift a little bit south of that, and that's an indication of the high demand for high-quality shopping centers in primary key markets. That's where the highest demand is. On the other side of the coin, B properties in secondary markets, there's still at least a couple of hundred basis points difference in cap rate. Although activity in those secondary markets and B properties has picked up, there's still a wide difference between those 2 categories. Luckily, in our case, because we are also selling certain non-earning, non-retail assets such our buildings, our urban buildings in New York and Philadelphia and Chicago and Boston that we've sold over time, those buildings were purchased years ago as redevelopment assets. And today, they produce no earnings. So when you blend the sale of those assets with our non-strategic shopping centers that we're selling in the 8 and 9s and aboves, the blend equals basically no dilution for us. It's about an average of a 7% cap of what we've been buying and about a 7% when you look at all the dispositions we've had. So for now, there's very minimal dilution on our dispositions.
David B. Henry: From time to time, we certainly have been buying out partners, where we really like the properties and the markets longterm. And we will continue to do that over time because some of these institutional investors prefer to go home or need to dispose of certain assets. So that's certainly part of our acquisition strategy. It's much easier to buy out a partner in a property that we've been managing for years than it is to bid for a property on the open market. So that's certainly part of our strategy.
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, certainly Kimco has a history of acquiring other public companies. I think we bought 5 over the last 12 years, so we're certainly experienced and constantly look at that opportunity. But that said, as we mentioned, we are very determined to focus on these primary key markets and very high-quality assets. So in some cases, that will knock out the attractiveness of acquiring some of these smaller companies. So we will look at this. But again, we're much more determined to make sure that we upgrade our portfolio over time by sticking to these key primary markets for us.
David B. Henry: Yes. I'll take the bigger tenants. There is a momentum to these national chains, and they're fully into this. There's been no slowdown at all. They establish their capital plans years in advance, and so they're going forward. There's no "capping on the breaks" that we can tell on these national retailers.
David B. Henry: And I'll just add a little color to Mike's comment on this one restructure. These were leases that are U.S. dollar leases. So it particularly hurt that retailer because his income was in pesos and his obligation to us was in dollars -- relatively unique for our portfolio. We have very few retail leases that are in dollars. This one did, and it was part of the gives and the gets of extending certain leases and renewing them. And that's why the leasing spreads in this particular case were still negative.
David B. Henry: Sorry, I would just add one more point. It is interesting to note that some of the private grocery chains are healthy and alive and cooking. The Wegmans of the world, the H-E-Bs, the Publix, they're doing quite well and still expanding.
David B. Henry: Well, we watch all of these companies and the specific real estate very carefully. As we acquire properties, we make sure that we can get a replacement grocer, that the rent is below market, that the store is right-sized and a good location and so forth. So we underwrite all these aspects of our grocery-anchored properties, and we're trying to be proactive as possible, given that it is a very thin margin and competitive industry facing some challenges.
Milton Cooper: Yes, I am. Well, thanks, Mike. Our business is to be the premier owner of retail real estate. And the keyword is real [ph]. We own real estate and retailers are our tenants. We have consistently pointed out that our retail tenants may come and go, but our real estate remains growing in value over time. Some retailers will continue to face challenges. To mitigate those challenges, we focus on 3 things. One, retailer who sell nondiscretionary items, such as food, supermarkets and warehouse clubs, as well as discounters [ph] [Audio Gap] That offer value in all economic [indiscernible]. Tenants with good credits. Three, tenants who have below-market rents. Our list [indiscernible] by TJX, the off-price apparel retailer. The company has an [Audio Gap] of $30 billion. [indiscernible] market [indiscernible] have 2 largest tenants as well, with a 250 [indiscernible] our excellent investment rate credits. [indiscernible] we handled 8,000 tenants representing almost 15,000 leases. No tenant represents more than 3% of our annual base. This highlights how diversified our portfolio is and how we have spread the risk in our portfolio. We have diluted [ph] [indiscernible] cash flows and dividends and repeatedly seized the opportunity [indiscernible] but have a good real estate. Now we may be facing headwinds in the economy, but on a relative basis, our retailers should fare better than most. And we're so gratified by the positive metrics in our portfolio and our return to core real estate. And with that, we're happy to take any questions.
Milton Cooper: I would just add this. There's a Pricewaterhouse study of proposed openings of different categories. And the 2 highest number of openings belong to the discounters and the warehouse clubs.
Milton Cooper: Well, we've always pointed out that the conventional supermarket, by and large, is under attack by warehouse clubs, Walmart superstores, Target superstores, ALDI's, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods -- you name it. So the conventional supermarket has had difficulty and will continue to have difficulty. And that's what we see in what we call the traditional supermarket.
Milton Cooper: From our point of view, what we have to be careful about is the traffic generated by the supermarket and the issue of how many local stores can exist based on that volume. We have maintained that many of the supermarket locations have too large a number of local stores and they can't keep their occupancy up.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Sure. The overall TI did go up. I think it was in part due to the Pompano deal that I did mention because even though the footprint was the same, it was a pretty significant rebuild of the existing location, as well some of the deals that I'd also referred to in terms of new tenants at the former bankruptcies of Borders and A&P also had more cost to it. So in this quarter, I think the activity and the rents -- excuse me, the activity and the number of leases did uptick the average spending a little. That said, the rent dollars did support it. So on a net effective rent basis at those spaces, we were still well ahead of the previous NER.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Jeff, we haven't come up with specific quantitative targets on where we want it to go. And I think that's in part because, as Dave's comments, as his prepared comments indicated, we are going to remain and we find great value in being a national company. So in being a national company, just by definition, we're going to have more blended macro statistics with respect to demographics than say someone who may be just regionally focused in one particular area or not. All that said, without a specific target, I would refer back to some of the points that Glenn had made and also what you see in our published materials and presentations that the acquired sites -- again, using it as a national footprint, is somewhat representative of where we are looking to go both in terms of household incomes, densities and population. In addition to that, we're going to look on a very specific basis on a given property as to barriers to entry or a particular attribute, or series of attributes at the location that would prevent competition and give us more pricing power. So when you blend all of those forces together, continuing on a national footprint, I think what you will see over time is a continuing improvement towards the demographic numbers that you see on our more currently acquired sites.
Michael V. Pappagallo: We have continued to see the demand increasing from the national and regional players, as again as well as some of the franchise concepts. It cuts across the board. As we've said in different forums that retailers are expanding. I think the expansion plans though are what I'd call more intelligent expansion than perhaps in the heyday when it was just open x number of stores because Wall Street wanted it. And in certain formats, I think the realities of not enough available space are coming to the fore because retailers aren't necessarily going to open in any and all markets. There still is a bias towards those markets where they can estimate sales pretty well. They're generally in fill [ph] existing population areas, not a lot of greenfield. So you put all those things into play, the demand is still there, but the supply continues to shrink.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And the one thing I would add though is that as we go forward and as we successfully eliminate those non-earning, non-retail assets, we will be confronted with, I think, some mild dilution because there will be a spread on what we're buying and what we're selling. But in many respects, I've spoken with many of you on the sell side, and the advice that I've constantly heard from you is that, "Don't worry as much about FFO. If you're recycling the portfolio and upgrading the portfolio, you should get more than enough value creation and more than enough benefit in your multiple." So whereas we recognize that there might be a nick in the short-term FFO dilution -- or FFO estimates, certainly, I think that the research community would understand and embrace that relative to the recycling program that we've begun.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And to add a tack [ph] on my earlier points, Mike, I think as we look at the recycling, we will get the benefit, the full year benefit of things we acquired in 2012, but we also will continue that recycling for 2013. So the net acquisition -- to Glenn's point, the net acquisition disposition activity is not going to be a meaningful adder to that. Most of that is being generated from in-place, existing property base.
Michael V. Pappagallo: No, we have not, not within the last 30 or 45 days. It's been a continuous process of slow and steady increase in demand, again with a bias towards the smaller national chains.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I'll answer the first part of the question. The spreads in Mexico actually for new leases this quarter were mildly positive on new deals. The disclosure shows that the renewals were negative, which was outside of what we've normally seen and that really is just a restructuring of one particular account, where we had a multiple tenant account, that in exchange for a rent shift closer to the market, we extended the term of the leases. But in general, Mexico leasing spreads over a period of time, even though they represent a very small population to the total Mexico portfolio, have slowly but surely improved, although you have seen negative spreads in those -- for that very small population.
Michael V. Pappagallo: They would have been a -- I'm doing this off the top of my head, Nate, I believe a high single-digit number, somewhere in the 8% or 9% range.
Michael V. Pappagallo: They actually were positive as well, similar rate, much less impact. And that's been the encouraging side of the equation over the past few quarters is where they -- when we report leasing spreads in smaller spaces a year ago, it would've been negative, [indiscernible] it down. And they flattened out earlier this year, and now they are net-net positive. Also in terms of the number of leases that are positive versus negative have increased, and actually are the majority now. And I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that most of the fallout and most of the recycling, if you will, and rollover of some of the toughest spaces, the toughest rents, particularly out West, have really for the most part run through the system. I'd still give it a little bit more time before you really mark the entire West Coast portfolio to market. But outside of that, most of the other regions are strongly positive. And so net-net, you wind up with a mid- to high single-digit positive leasing spread.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Well, yes, in the normal planning process, I had attributed about 25 basis points on -- 25 to 30 basis points of same-store growth, just focusing on the bankruptcies and when the leases were signed, when the rents were going to commence. So whereas I'm not rolling out an official fourth quarter same-site NOI, I knew that, that number was going to benefit the fourth quarter. Hopefully, that helps.
Michael V. Pappagallo: If you're talking about UBS's very public statement and downsizing, UBS has made it clear that they would like to exit over time. And we've made no secret of taking a look at that and talking to UBS about either increasing our [indiscernible] or acquiring the balance of UBS's portfolio there. It's been a long process as they've hired advisors to help them value their share of our joint venture. But that is certainly one institutional partner that is looking at exit.
Michael V. Pappagallo: So I think to just further that point, Jeff, you have seen pretty significant expansion from Whole Foods. They're dealing with a particular subgroup. On the low end of the value, ALDI's made a more aggressive expansion. The dollar stores are trying to increase the food component in their footprint, warehouse clubs are doing well. So it does cause us to take a good -- a close look at the "conventional supermarkets", the ones who are catering to the middle and don't have a particular niche. That doesn't necessarily mean to say that they're all in trouble. But as we evaluate the portfolio, the viability of some of these larger supermarkets and just the sustainability of the property as a supermarket location that potentially other supermarket chains may take over, those are the things that we put into the calculus. Food will always be an important dimension of a shopping center portfolio. It's just a question of being really ahead of the game and understanding a lot of the dynamics and macro forces that are affecting food retailing as we go forward.
Michael V. Pappagallo: My comments associated with smaller concepts were generally many of the food chains, everything from the traditional fast food and the McDonald's to the Burger King to some of the sit-down restaurants to the Chipotles of the world to the Five Guys Burgers, the comment was made generally to say that as we think about the utilization of smaller spaces, the 2 recurring formats that we see that are adding space, that are adding to our occupancy are things that cut across the food spectrum, as well as on the other side, more service orientation. And that can be -- just throw out a name, a Massage Envy, as one example, or the Weight Watchers centers as another. But just to give you a perspective of the smaller spaces are being filled, that interestingly enough, are things that are -- the old "You can buy it on the Internet", and that seems to be where the dynamic is. Milton's point was about generally with supermarket-anchored centers is depending on the traffic that we want a reasonable amount of small stores to complement the supermarkets. And one of the problems that our industry has had during the heyday of development is too much small store space was added to a grocery-anchored center. And when the recession hit, many of those fell by the wayside, the dynamics of the shop couldn't support those business concepts.
Michael V. Pappagallo: SUPERVALU. It's one of those situations where they need to reassess their whole business model and they need to consider all the alternatives. Acquiring SUPERVALU in whole or in part is probably more the business of a financial buyer like a PE firm or maybe another supermarket operator. We have been involved in some of those transactions over the years, such as Albertsons, but we've been involved essentially for our real estate skills. So at this point, Rich, from the SUPERVALU situation, I just wouldn't speculate as to our involvement there at this point.
Glenn G. Cohen: So Paul, as I mentioned, we are expecting to have a closing. And in the assumptions, it's mid-second quarter. InTown will provide this year a little over $0.06, so we've modeled in about $0.02 for next year. So we have about $0.04 of dilution that will come from it. Part of the guidance range, again depends on when that timing occurs. So if it doesn't happen until the end of the second quarter or the middle of the third quarter, you'll get further toward the higher end of the range, among other things. But you still have a very solid increase from where we are, right? We're expecting midpoint 2012 $1.25, midpoint of the new guidance is $1.31, so you're looking at 4.8% up.
Glenn G. Cohen: $0.04 of it is InTown. The other $0.02 are the other things that we've sold off during the year and the repayment of certain mortgages and the other assets that have been monetized.
Glenn G. Cohen: The majority of it today is internal. If you look at -- just use the midpoint because it's just easier to work from, you're looking at 4.5% growth of the total retail line. Most of that is internal from the existing portfolio and from the assets that we've acquired and the growth rates that are in there. And again, the guidance range, it's early, it's only October, but the guidance range is going to be somewhat dependent on how well leasing spreads go, the further lease-up occupancy and the growth in those same sites. But we've modeled it enough where we're comfortable with this range. And we think 4.5% growth at the midpoint is pretty solid for a retail portfolio that has lots of long-term leases.
Glenn G. Cohen: That simply was just keeping the amount of share dilution down from option exercises and any restricted stock that was issued.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, in terms of -- again, from a capital plan, it's not finalized yet, but the initial capital plan is pretty much what we've been doing. It's recycling. So to the extent that we're selling assets, both non-retail and retail, we're redeploying that capital into other shopping center assets. So we're pretty much net on it. We're probably modestly a net buyer but very modestly.
Glenn G. Cohen: It's really small. It's like very low single-digit because what's left are our Philadelphia -- at the bulk of it, it will be our Philadelphia assets, which there is virtually no yield on. And we have a small amount of marketable securities that has a small dividend yield on it, but that's a longer-term play. So it's very small. It's probably in the 2 percentage range.
Glenn G. Cohen: I'll take the second part of your question. Just on Page 6 of our supplemental, which is our NOI disclosures, we have always showed the Mexico industrial portfolio. And there had been a lot of requests from you and your brethren on disclosing it more on the joint venture side. So we just broke it out to help you guys tie the thing back. That's all. Nothing else going on there.
Glenn G. Cohen: Nate, part of the advantage of the size of our portfolio and the age of our portfolio is things like Pompano do happen and we have those opportunities in a lot of cases, just where we had it in Staten Island. And there's more of those to come over time, so I think it's one of the benefits of the size and age of the portfolio.
