Scott Strazik: Thanks, Ken. All in we are pleased with our performance in the first half of this year and we are excited about our future as we help our customers electrify and decarbonize the world. Market dynamics continue to drive strong demand that will lead to multi-decade growth for GE Vernova. Our Power segment generates 70% of its revenues from services. We expect power to drive expanded margins with growing free cash flow for a number of years. We expect to continue expanding margins in Wind and to benefit when demand for new Wind units especially in North America ramps further. In Electrification, we are seeing customers significantly increase grid-related investments to improve reliability and connect more zero carbon power sources. We expect this segment to also continue to deliver higher margins in the years to come. Our lean operating system sustainability and innovation remain at the core of our company. We are running our businesses better and are well positioned as electricity markets evolve. We expect to deliver growing adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow over the coming years. And when we put all this together we see a clear opportunity to deliver substantial value for our stakeholders going forward. With that I'll hand it back to Michael for the Q&A portion of the call.
Scott Strazik: Mark, thanks for the question. It's been 11 days since the event. Just to reinforce at the start, we have no indications of an engineering design flaw that's important at the beginning. As we said in the prepared remarks, we have identified a material deviation or a manufacturing deviation in one of our factories that through the inspection or quality assurance process, we should have identified. Because of that, we're going to use our existing data and reinspect all of the blades that we have made for offshore wind and for context in this factory in Gaspé, Canada where the material deviation existed, we've made about 150 blades, so that gives you an indication and context of the work ahead. But to be clear, this is work we know how to do. I mean the industry uses non-destructive testing, think ultrasound, think a radiologist, but for a blade to identify deviations. We are going to go and do this on every blade, prudent thorough process. We're not going to talk about the time line today. We have work to do, but I have a high degree of confidence that we can do this, and we'll do it in support of both the customer and the agency and move forward from there. On your question on kind of deliveries and timing, I would just frame up a few things. I mean, clearly, while we're on pause right now, there's risk to some collections moving from 2024 into 2025. And that is embedded into our financial guidance here for what we framed up and we're really taking the path forward. Now, on Dogger Bank, we continue to install and commission wind turbines right now, and we intend to continue to do that. We're in close contact with SSC, and we continue to progress on that project today.
Scott Strazik: Yeah. We are. I mean, we're still consistent with our financial framing of approaching profitability in 2024 in the segment with high single-digit onshore wind margins in 2024 and the segment turning profitable in 2025, Andy. What I would just emphasize is we -- 2024 and 2025 as we've been framing up for a period of time are two more difficult years for us and win relative to the dynamics we have in the other segments. But we remain confident in that framework for 2024 and 2025. And then when you look at the orders pipeline that we see, it's just tough for us to call when it starts to convert into orders, we still see the possibility that we could see those orders come through in 2025 that leads to a revenue inflection point in 2026 on onshore at the exact same time that we'll still be materially through our Offshore Wind backlog. So 2024 and 2025 is going to be very consistent with what we've talked about. And then you're really playing through to 2026, where we see the real possibility for margins to accrete substantially as we have the potential for some Onshore Wind growth and Offshore Wind becomes a smaller proportion of the total revenue guide.
Scott Strazik: Thanks, Joe. I mean clearly the first half of the year has been encouraging with the demand cycle for Gas, both first and second quarter equipment orders grew north of 50%. We're also seeing the investments though, in the installed base with our services orders both growing double-digits in both the first and the second quarter. So, you're seeing the investment on both sides. I mean, we were intentional in our prepared remarks in the sense that as strong as those orders are on a year-over-year basis, with the pipeline we see, and it's a combination of US orders and global orders, we do expect the second half of the year to have more orders in the first half of the year. So first half of the year, we had 30 heavy-duty gas turbines with 12 HAs. Second half will be stronger based on what we see. But we're not in a place today that this is one transaction, one market. This is a general trend that just the realization of the need for more reliable power that's leading to increase demand into gas that's supporting us also having to invest in or gas to support that growth.
Scott Strazik: Thanks Moses. I'll start. I mean, if we had the benefit of having you visit Greenville with us you'd see that we have clear capacity to grow into this market in Greenville. But the challenge isn't going to be the Greenville factory. We're investing into single piece flow and lean lines that have given us a lot of physical capacity. We do have challenges and needs to work across our supply base and supply chain to gain access to more parts think castings and forgings. And we're going through that process right now. And that very well may lead to some investments we need to make to support this growth on a go-forward basis. But that's investments we'll make as the market tested results tell us to make those investments. But today we're not in a position that that's really our concern. I mean, we look at our slots we're pricing for the scar slots that we have. We do continue to see a healthier pricing environment for gas on orders that we'll book in 2024 into 2025 and that we'll convert into revenue approximately three years later. So we do see that over the medium to long-term as margin accretive to where the Power business segment goes. But again, these are equipment orders we're booking today at better margins that will convert three years from now.
Scott Strazik: You bet. Andrew, thank you. At the start I think exactly as you said, we in March had a view of mid-single-digit margins for the year in Electrification. Now, the first half of the year has delivered mid-single-digit margins, so by default as we shift towards the full year now delivering high single-digit margins, that gives you an indication for how much stronger we expect the margin profile to be in the second half of this year, which will then be indicative of the margin profile and growth that we expect into 2025 and beyond. There was some level of caution on our part earlier in the year on how quickly we would fulfill and be able to ramp up into this growth. This is not a business that has experienced this substantial growth trajectory. And the team is doing a very good job. And frankly, as they do a very good job that's also giving us a little bit more confidence to invest into more growth with them and more capacity for them to manage this incredibly strong market that we have right now. Now, at the same time when you step back to our discussions in March, exactly as you said, we did accrete margin 500 basis points in the backlog last year, but we also said that over 50% of that backlog doesn't start to convert to revenue until 2026. So we're pleased to see the financial performance improve in 2024 and to get to this high single-digit number, we're just getting started here. I mean there's, a lot of opportunity to improve and a lot to be excited about in Electrification, but also a lot of work to do. So we sit here today in July with a lot of optimism and a lot of confidence as we move forward.
Scott Strazik: Thanks, Rob. I mean, I'll start. There's clear opportunity. Although, yes, this is big pieces of infrastructure that we're building in our factories in Greenville. You can walk through that factory today. And if you had seen it five years ago to what it is today it doesn't resemble what it was. I mean we are -- I'm really proud of where we've gotten to with very high-tech single-piece flow that has eliminated an immense amount of rework in factories. We've got parts that move substantially less to the factory today because they just go on one single piece line from beginning to end as we build these gas turbines that have frankly freed up a lot of capacity in the factory to add a lot of services capacity into Greenville but frankly it also has created the capacity for us to grow into this better gas market without a need for anything other than leveraging our existing factories. So that's one of our real elements of arbitrage here because we have the industrial footprint. We have the cranes. The factories are attached to the railroads. We do have some P&E we're going to have to spend for some machinery. We're going to have to spend some money in partnership with some of our suppliers to support faster long lead items to meet this market, but this is work we know how to do. So Ken effectively laid out the fact that our free cash flow guide for this year is already incorporating some of those investments on orders that have already booked in the first half of the year. And as the order strength continues where it makes sense we'll continue to make more of those investments.
Scott Strazik: James, I appreciate it. I mean the reality is you're right. I mean historically this has been a more European-centric business. That is true. But as we framed up in the prepared remarks this is a business segment that saw our orders double over the course of the second quarter. So I think the reality is our Electrification segment in grid is the part of GE Vernova that's benefiting the most from Vernova. And what I mean by that is we're really able to lean in in a much more coordinated way on the front end of this business with our relationships on the Power and Wind side and are finding an ability to pull-through even more grid growth with very strong customer relationships in places like the US. And as one company and organized as one company where especially with things like key accounts we're driving another level of coordinated activity, we're starting to really bear fruit from that. When we think about the strategic sessions we're having with our customers, it is true that an electrification especially in the US, we're doing an education, even with our customers on what the art of the possible is. And it gives me that much more optimism that beyond the fact that this is a good market and a good global market, especially in the US, I have a lot of optimism with where this business is going. So you really have a conviction case in Europe where since the crisis in Ukraine, our European customers are spending at incredibly high levels to give themselves real -- another level of resiliency and energy independence that's driving grid growth. The US isn't growing as fast, but candidly, we have more arbitrage to lean into with the Vernova benefits that are helping us right now. And over the longer term, Asia is going to be an important market too. But this is very much a lot about Western Europe and North America. But those markets alone with customers we know very well and have very strong relationships, converging at a time where Philippe and the team are simply running this business a lot better are two converging factors that give us real possibility to create a business that we're very excited about here.
Scott Strazik: Thanks, Michael. Everyone, we're excited about the trajectory of our company going forward. I do want to take a minute as we conclude the call and just thank our employees, our partners for their dedication and hard work and our customers for their continued trust in us. And thank you for your interest in GE Vernova.
Ken Parks: Yeah. And the one thing I would add, I think it's the right question around thinking about 2025, but also remember that as we're moving through the second half of 2024, we called out an Onshore Wind in the backlog as of the end of 2023 that we had expanded our margin within that backlog by about 10 full points. Some of that will begin to deliver in 2024 in the second half, which gives us confidence in the statements that we made, and that Scott just reiterated about our outlook and approaching profitability for the year for Wind overall. But some of that accretion and backlog will deliver in 2025. So part of the step-up in 2025, as you asked about, will be incremental Wind orders coming in the second half. But a piece of that is already in our backlog and we will deliver on it as we move into the year.
Ken Parks: Yes. So we would tell you that in the -- let's start with the Wind, because I think it's important as we're also -- I gave you the 2023 number, what's happening as we move into 2024. We had seen Wind margin backlogs accrete and grow as, call it, the last 12 to 18 months as we move towards the end of 2023. What we're seeing in orders that we're taking in now is that better pricing is actually staying at kind of those levels as we move through the first half of the year. So, it's moved up and it's kind of staying at those levels. Now the difference is to where you asked about on Power and Electrification. As those demand patterns have continued to grow, what we've seen is the pricing environment has continued to get stronger versus where we ended 2023, both in Power and Electrification. And a point of reference is on Electrification, we had talked about for overall Electrification equipment at the end of 2023, our margins and backlog had expanded 5-full points. And so we're seeing that continue to grow as we move over time and any quarter point can have a little bit of volatility to it, but the pricing dynamic within Electrification continuing to get better, booking better, stronger profitable orders and backlog. And obviously, the same thing on the Power dynamics, as you see the really strong orders coming on to the books.
Ken Parks: Yes. And just so you think about how we're managing through the required investments to support that we indicated in the prepared remarks that you should expect to see a little bit more CapEx coming through our numbers this year than maybe we had guided to not significantly different but a bit more. That's because these orders are on the books and we're trying to go ahead and get in place to get our capacity expanded as much as we can to support that. We're also working with our supply base to make sure our supply base is right there with us, so they can provide what we need to support those orders. I called that out, because correlating that to what we said about cash flow guidance, we took our cash flow guidance up nicely, not only just based upon the refund from the arbitration item on the legal dispute of about $300 million, but took it up by another $300 million on both ends of the range. And that is with that incremental capacity and CapEx that we're looking to invest again primarily in power, as well as trying to do things to help and keep our supply base where it needs to be. So it's a really good place to be in. But as Scott said, this is all for orders that we have on the books today, and we will continue to watch these order patterns as we move forward and try to make really good thoughtful decision. So we manage through the capital investments as well as the pricing environment.
Ken Parks: And to put a couple of finer points on it as you think about how this business is going to move. You heard us talk a lot in March not only in the electrification business, but all about doing an even stronger approach at underwriting these contracts, right? So as we even accreted the margin and backlog about 500 basis points it wasn't a matter of conservatism. As Scott said, it was a matter of this business kind of managing their execution to deliver even better margins than what we booked in backlog. So while some of that will flow out into later years what we're seeing is the execution on some of the contracts that are already in backlog we're actually landing at a better margin than what we thought that we contracted at. I give you that point, because it's not a market point it is an execution point. And I think you we want you to make sure and think about that business in the way that we are continuing to execute very well not just on the market side, but as well as how we're executing on these complicated projects. The second thing I would say is there are parts of the Electrification business that are not longer cycle, right? So some of the smaller components actually we take orders. And we may book within a few months. And because of the strength of that market the pricing that's coming through on those in the early parts of this year are going to flow out into better margins in the second half of the year. So it just supports everything that Scott said, but you've got a couple of finer points to think about how our execution sits.
Ken Parks: Yes. And you asked a great question around the impact on ultimate margins, but as Scott just kind of leaned into the point is not only is it a margin impact. But as we continue to kind of moved down this lean journey and the gas power business is further along than most in our portfolio. It's also an optimizing of our working capital impact. So that flows straight to free cash flow. So even though we're going to invest a little bit more in CapEx early we know that that will bring us benefits on cash flow side and all of this runs down to better margins as well as better cash generation.
Ken Parks: And maybe just again, just to kind of give you a little bit of perspective on how to kind of think about where the numbers are. If you take HVDC and I'm going to talk about orders in the second quarter and it kind of holds for the first half as well. If you take HVDC orders kind of out of the order totals for Electrification, the remainder of the orders within the electrification business are fairly evenly spread across North America, Europe and rest of world. So we like that because while HVDC is coming in strong in Europe as Scott mentioned, the carry-on impact is really affecting all of the regions around the world. So this business is feeling much more balanced globally when you look at it in that perspective.
Ken Parks: Yeah. So it's a good question. I would just think about it this way. Really no fundamental change in warranties the way we're accruing warranties. The real difference right there Maheep is just the fact that as we take the portion of the steam business that we sold to EDF and take their balances off the books that made essentially that change in that warranty accrual. So there's really no other dynamics going on there. We're still accruing the same way. We're seeing the same kind of patterns of trends. So nothing of significance there outside of the disposition of that piece of that business.
