Scott Strazik: Thanks, Ken. All in, we are pleased with our momentum to start the year. Market dynamics continue to drive strong demand that will lead to multi decade growth across Power, Wind and Electrification segments, whether it's helping our customers meet rising electricity demand, to decarbonize their systems, or to modernize and expand the grid, we are uniquely positioned to support their needs. Our Power segment generates 70% of its revenues from services as we support our large installed base that drives strong, consistent and growing free cash flow. Wind is a key part of the energy transition, representing only 7% of the world's electricity today. By 2040, wind will need to be close to 25% in order for the world to achieve its decarbonization goals. We expect to continue expanding margins in wind. Our Electrification segment is our highest growth business and margins and backlog continue to rise. We are seeing customers significantly increase planned grid related investments to improve reliability and connect more zero carbon power sources. As discussed earlier, our lean operating system, sustainability and innovation are the core of our company. We are committed to driving sustainability and to help customers advance their efforts to deliver on electrification and decarbonization. We are running our businesses better and benefiting from increasing demand as electricity markets evolve. We expect to deliver growing EBITDA and free cash flow for a long time. And when we put all this together, we see a clear opportunity to create substantial value for all stakeholders going forward. With that, I'll hand it back to Michael for the Q&A portion of the call.
Scott Strazik: Thanks, Mark. I'll take that. I mean, for sure in the gas business, we are seeing increased demand for new capacity additions. In the first quarter, that was very focused on both North America and the Middle East and it was growth in both HAs, but also air derivative applications. As I mentioned earlier, it is forcing us to kind of revisit our capacity additions and think through how we can continue to support this growth and what's coming from here. And I do think it's very practical to think this year that our orders in gas equipment could very well be larger than our revenue with a growing backlog. And then you really have to think about our conversion cycle of really two to three years from order to revenue with our gas equipment book. But exciting start to the year, good sentiments and acknowledgment that gas is going to play a critical role here this decade. But I also think an acknowledgment from a number of our customers that they're getting more confidence and conviction in our ability to decarbonize gas in future decades with hydrogen and carbon capture. So good start, lot more to do.
Scott Strazik: You bet, Joe. I mean, it's a start, I would just emphasize that double-digit orders growth really isn't connected to new capacity additions or orders there. That's really the existing installed base and is evidence of our customers investing in that installed base. I mean as Ken framed up, utilization of the fleet is growing, you're seeing a customer base that clearly sees the integral role that gas is going to play and is investing into that fleet with different operating parameters and as we look through this year and what we see in gas services, we do continue to see gas services strength throughout 2024.
Scott Strazik: Yes. Moses, I would just emphasize again, the first quarter orders were very centric in the Middle East and in North America. We had previously gone through a cycle with real growth in Asia. We still see a lot of pipeline there, but the first quarter was more centered on those regions. But when we look at our pipeline, there's healthy global demand for new gas additions. The U.S. has a healthy pipeline. We're revisiting really how we serve that market because simultaneously we're seeing services demand growth and new gas capacity demand growth. And with it, it's having us work with our supply chain partners to look at over the medium term how we can serve that demand. So, we're working our way through that and I'll come back with further updates in that regard as we work through the year.
Scott Strazik: Yes. Thank you, Dave. The composition of the orders, we saw good growth in the grid businesses and across all components of the grid business. So power transformers, grid services, saw that happen there. The composition is in the areas where in that space we tend to see longer delivery cycles. So one of the things that we talked about last year was that we saw about 500 basis points of expansion in our grid backlog, our equipment backlog for the electrification business, a lot of that being in grid. The good news with that is because they are longer cycle deliveries. what we feel really good about is the margin expansion that we're seeing in that business and the fact that electrification is anticipated to get to mid-single digits, EBIT margins in 2024 and we talked about that continuing to expand into 2025. But this strong orders and backlog that's coming into electrification will be something that supports margin expansion on those higher backlogs and margin as we move out past the 2025 timeframe. So, really good opportunities within the electrification space, good orders across the business and a good timeline in front of it for us for the business to benefit from stronger margins.
Scott Strazik: Yes. It's a really good question and thank you for it. As you think about the year, we're always going to be a little bit more seasonally focused towards the second half of the year versus the first. So, when I give you this answer, the reality is, are we doing well against our expectations? Yes. in a very good out of the start performance for the Q1. Keep in mind that's our relatively smallest quarter of the year, but the strength of what we're seeing in the orders and the execution, whether it be pricing productivity, cost reductions, very, very good. I would tell you that, that gives us confidence that we can reaffirm to you the statements we've made about the year. but it doesn't mean we're going to change anything at this point in time. but the momentum out of the gates really gives us incremental confidence that we are on a path to deliver exactly what we told you for the year.
Scott Strazik: James, I agree. I think the demand is real and the uptick is very clear with the different counterparties that we're working with. both our traditional customers and iterating with our maybe their end customers to understand what the art of the possible is, whether it be the technology companies, the hyperscalers. And the conversations are very focused on a lot of what we've been talking about inside GE Vernova for the last few years, which is it's going to be an all of the above technology portfolio needed to serve this growing market. Gas is going to play a critical role. It's a power dense solution that supports the operating parameters of a lot of things like data center needs. but at the same time, we're doing a lot of work right now on how wind growth can fulfill that demand, and solar is going to play an important role. We're having conversations on into next decade how small modular reactors is going to play a role. and regardless of the power generation source, electrification equipment is critical and whether that be the transformers or the electrical equipment inside the data centers, it gives us real opportunity to grow our business from here. So, it's tough to call exactly when these conversations translate to orders and that may not be tomorrow. but the demand is certainly real in the medium term and we're really encouraged by our opportunity to serve that market.
Scott Strazik: You bet. Thanks, Ken. And, Mahid, on offshore wind, I'd first just reinforce that we view offshore wind as an important part of the energy transition here. and we've been very appreciative of our iteration and partnership with New York State and NYSERDA on the New York 3 auction. With the phase that offshore wind has been in generally over the last few years, it's been hard to get projects to a point that they're ready to thrive. But through our iteration with our customers and where we're going, I want to tell you, we're excited about our future product here, 15.5-megawatt product that has an ability to have a power boost up to 16.5 megawatts. We're working hard to have that prototype running by the end of 2025. And when we look at where we are with our Haliade-X product today, the 14-megawatt product, by the time you get into 2026, we're going to have somewhere in the neighborhood of 5 million to 6 million operating hours with that product. So, there's a lot to work on today. We believe that offshore wind is going to play an important role in the energy transition, appreciative for the iteration of the partnership with New York State and the many other states and geographies we're working on to build the industry. but at the same time, we've been pretty consistent for a while that we are only going to add to that backlog with materially different economic terms than what is in our backlog today. and that's a combination of many things, price, other terms and really leaning in on projects that are set to thrive. and there's a lot of complexity in offshore wind that we're all learning from and we're going to keep working on it every day, because we do believe it's going to play a role in the energy transition. but we're only going to add to the backlog when it's meaningfully different than what we're executing on today.
Scott Strazik: You bet, Rob. I appreciate the question. I would say that our utility customers have been working towards a demand build here over the last few years. but admittedly, the load growth projections for many of our customers have become a steeper demand curve sooner in the last, let's say, six to 12 months. and that is accelerating discussions on our end on things like framework agreements to secure capacity for them with future heavy-duty equipment while they firm up, project sites for development that make most sense for them. So, there clearly is a macro theme in the U.S., specifically, with our U.S. utility customers that many of them are going to have incremental gas capacity additions. But like any power project, it's not a straight line to kind of get things to close through permitting and otherwise, and customers are working very hard on that. So, we are bullish on the capacity addition, optionality or opportunity ahead for us with our utility customers and are going to work it very hard. On the second part of your question with Aeroderivatives, this is one of the more exciting growth parts of Gas Power. The reality is the Aeroderivative product line is so well suited to be the complement to 200-megawatt to 300-megawatt blocks of wind or solar that just need fast ramping technical solutions to support that zero-carbon power. So, in many ways, when we talk about gas power being a force multiplier that enables other zero carbon power sources to grow faster, Aeroderivatives is the perfect illustration of that. Now, the general economics for us with Aeroderivatives are the equipment margins are more healthy than they are on a heavy duty gas turbine project. because admittedly, the services annuity stream and the operating profile of those Aeroderivative units may not be as high or as consistent that we can count on. because they're really there more as a support to those wind or solar farms that get developed. So, when we underwrite gas projects on a heavy-duty project, where it's something like a coal to gas switching, a larger proportion of the economics are on the services. With Aeroderivatives, a larger proportion of the economics for us are with the day one equipment revenue.
Scott Strazik: Thanks, Michael. Everyone, in short, I hope you can hear the excitement in our voices and the opportunity we have in front of us to serve this market. I also want to thank our employees, the process of separating from a 130-year-old plus company, while continuing to focus on serving our customers and the operations, is not always an easy balance. And I think in the first 90 days of the year, our teams did an excellent job with that. I also want to thank our customers for their continued trust in us and the continued iteration that we're having right now on these growth markets that we're facing into. For everyone on the call today, thank you for your interest in GE Vernova. We're just getting started, but I really like our chances from here. So, thanks for the time. And with that, I think we'll wrap the call.
