Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. And thank you for joining us today to learn more about our third quarter results. We are pleased to report our best third quarter operating results ever, adding to a solid first half 2013 performance. We believe the improvement is largely attributable to ongoing initiatives that aim to improve insurance profitability and drive premium growth, helping to create shareholder value overtime. With our third quarter combined ratio of 93.7% and our year-to-date combined ratio of 93.8%, we continue to operate in the sub 95% range that we are aiming for. While catastrophe losses remained lower than in 2012 and helped our results. Our combined ratio before catastrophe losses was under 89% for both the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2013. The ratio of our catastrophe losses for the first nine months of 2013 at 5.1% is a 4 percentage point under our full year historical average of 6.1% for the past 10 years. Our premium growth was as we expected for the first three quarters of the year. Each of our property casualty segments grew at double-digit pace, as they benefited from greater pricing precision and higher overall pricing. We continue to believe that our overall pricing trends are ahead of our loss cost trends and probably more importantly, we believe we are making progress on getting more rate on lower margin policies and retaining higher margin policies. This action results in shifting our mix of business in the favorable direction. On an average renewal price increase basis, commercial policies that renewed during the third quarter had estimated average price increases in the mid-single digit range. That’s consistent with recent quarters, with the exception of commercial casualty, our most profitable major line of businesses. Increases on average per commercial casualty trending slightly lower as expected due to the level of price adequacy indicated by these lines 45% nine-month loss and loss expense ratio. Increases for our smaller commercial property policies averaged in the high single-digit range. Personalized policies that renewed in the third quarter also averaged in a price increase in the mid single-digit range, with homeowners policies continuing in the high single digits. Our excess and surplus line segment also experienced renewal prices increases in the high single-digit range. As in recent quarters, we believe that our new business written premium growth is reflection of both higher pricing we are able to get in the marketplace and the cumulative effect of growth initiatives. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools continue to give us confidence in the level of our new business pricing. Again this quarter there was nice balance between growth from newer agencies and growth from those who have represented us for several years. In our life insurance segment earned premium for term life insurance, the largest product in that segment also grew in a double-digit rate during the third quarter. So, all of our insurance segments, we’re careful to grow premiums only when we believe profitability is adequate. Another area of growth was third quarter investment income, up slightly and increasing for the first time this year. Finally, our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio was another positive aspect for the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will now discuss that further along with other financial items.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. Good question. I don’t think it so much that, I think back in 2009, we recognize we had a problem and we increase the worker comp reserves pretty substantially and that proved to be a wake up call for all this. We realize we need to improve really every aspect of our workers compensation area. And every area in the company, from underwriting, claims, pricing, loss control, everybody, lost into a series of initiatives that have resulted in considerable improvement. Improvement that we are recognizing in our accident year results and I think we were ahead of the industry in that action. So as I saw, what everybody seen here with some adverse development. I went back to our 2012 annual statement schedule P and from 2000 -- December 31, 2009 through December 31, 2012, we actually recognized about $86 million unfavorable loss in DCC reserve development on accident years 2009 and prior. And approximately 99% of these claims are -- that were originally reported for accident years 2009 and prior are now closed. So, the roughly 9 million adverse development. We see for workers comp this quarter is largely attributable to accident years 2009 and prior. So, what we are see is appropriate caution in reserving of the 1% of claims, the tougher claims that are still open. I guess in the perfect world with the benefit of hindsight we will release reserves on those years in more straight-line passion but reserves are uncertain and we make our best estimate each quarter. So even with the small step back that we had in workers comp and reserve in this quarter, we’re confident in our consistent process. It’s result in 23 years of consecutive favorable reserve development. So, I think, more than something that has to do with the recession, I think it just being prudently cautious with some of the really old claims and how we handle them this quarter.
Steve Johnston: Josh, this is Steve. I think -- I think we’re approaching that. I think as these expenses that we have had as a start-up entity have been running on. I think it will be close to finishing those and we should be in a position where we’re in a -- what you would consider an ongoing operation.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. Good question. I think the overwriting thing has been pretty consistent overall. As we look at by line though I would have to say that the property is where we are continuing to get more particularly on the small property and just a bit less on the casually, I think, just we want to point that out in terms of just being totally open and a fair disclosure to give you more color by line. But overall, I think the price has been pretty down consistent.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. That’s another good question. I don’t think so, I mean, there is always potential for anything, there is something uncertain as reserves, but we feel very confident and we tend to historically by accident year be more prudent, I would say, with the newer accident years and more recent accident years because there is more uncertainty given the limited age of development we have there. I do think and what we saw this time as when you get into some of the older accident years, it’s a well known reserving axiom that your simpler claims, settled more quickly and the tougher ones require more work on the older claims. And so I think this is limited to those older claims at this point.
Steve Johnston: I don’t think so, that’s a relatively small line and as we role out our CinciPak product, its going to become smaller yet, so I don’t think that there was anything there of note.
Steve Johnston: Most of our agents are appointed for both personal and commercial, we really have had good success on rounding all the accounts where we had a business owner. We are also able to write the personal lines account and life insurances so forth. But I think if you look in totality, you will find most of the personal lines is for non-business owners that would like business insurance for this is just that size.
Steve Johnston: That’s a good question. I don’t know that that’s necessarily the case. This is Steve. It is clearly, we are looking at each policy, its unique characteristics. We are taking the appropriate rate increase based on those characteristics, but I think it will be too simple to say that that’s going to result in more or less increase overall. It could go, I think in either direction when you focused on such granular pricings.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. Paul, I guess we’ve never tested it, if I understand your question, right. Could we pay -- are you saying could we pay less in profit - 
Steve Johnston: Yeah, this is Steve. We have actually done simulations on that in the past. I think that we’re in partnership with our agents obviously. We really rely on them as front line underwriters and so we see those two going hand in hand.
Steve Johnston: I don’t think so. I think if you look at the past history, particularly in the last couple of years, I don’t know that I would necessary have a rule of thumb for you.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you very much. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your questions, we appreciate your interest and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Steve said, results so far this year have been quite satisfying. Importantly, our 9.8% year-to-date value creation ratio remains on track to reach our annual target range. In addition, the third quarter again demonstrated the benefit of our equity investing strategy to improve the rising interest rates or when investment income is pressured by the low interest rate environment. The stock portfolio continued to grow with third quarter pre-tax net unrealized gains up $90 million to over $1.5 million. Dividend income grew 7% for the third quarter and first nine months of 2013. Dividend income growth in the upcoming fourth quarter will be a challenge. Our levels of dividend income for the third quarter was approximately $4 million, or 12% below the fourth quarter of 2012. Last year, we received about $5 million of special or accelerated dividend in the fourth quarter in response to anticipated tax law changes. During the third quarter of 2013, the bond portfolios pretax unrealized gains declined $28 million, following a $282 million decrease during the second quarter. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to move lower but at a slower pace as its third quarter 2013 pretax yield of 4.91% was 19 basis points lower than a year ago. At the second quarter of this year that decline was 23 basis points. Taxable bonds representing about 70% of our bond portfolio at a third quarter end 2013 pretax yield of approximately 5.41%. The average yield for new taxable bond purchased during the quarter was approximately 4.9%. For the same period, our tax-exempt bond portfolio yield was approximately 3.94% and purchases during the quarter yielded approximately 3.32%. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income. At $538 million for the first three quarters of 2013, net operating cash flow exceeded the same period a year ago by $105 million despite paying an additional $161 million so far this year in income taxes. Moving to loss reserves. We continue to emphasize a consistent approach. We seek to remain well into the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. For the first nine months of 2013 on a non-catastrophe loss basis, favorable development at 4.2 percentage points was 5.8 points less than a year ago. About one quarter of that decrease is attributable to workers’ compensation as reserves were added during the third quarter for older pre-2009 accident years. That addition reflects recent paid lost data indicating it is taking longer to pay off order claims. Because some open workers’ compensation claims extend beyond 30 years, a small assumption change for the average life of a claim can add up to be a considerable reserve amount recognized in a given quarter. About another 40% of the favorable development decrease is attributable to commercial casualty. That line benefited more in 2012 from umbrella reserve releases and that was also experienced more favorable loss trends in 2012 than in 2013 for general liability coverages. There was a relatively small amount of adverse development during 2013 on general liability loss reserves on a per case or specific claim basis, particularly for accident years 2002 through 2005. So we are exercising prudence by maintaining IBNR reserves at a higher level as of September 30th. Prudently managing expenses is another area with ongoing effort. Our Property Casualty underwriting expense ratio for the first nine months of 2013 is just below the 2012 level in spite of a 0.5 percentage point increase for commissions to agents. We continue to maintain excellent financial strength and liquidity. Cash and marketable securities at the parent company reached more than $1.5 billion at September 30, one third higher than the end of last year. Property Casualty premiums to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 reflecting strong capital in capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments. I’ll conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the third quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.24. Life insurancse operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th for the fixed income portfolio, net of realized gains and losses lowered book value per share by $0.09. The change in unrealized gains at September 30th for the equity portfolio, net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.42 and we declare $0.42 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $0.68 during the third quarter to $35.51 per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Mike Sewell: Yeah. That’s a great question. This is Mike. It is overall -- we’ve got -- we still have our general cost controls in place and how we manage our expenses. This year, we probably did see just a little bit of a downtick in some assigned risk pools that we expensed. But when you really offset that with the growth in premiums that are growing quicker than as were growing expenses and controlling the expenses, you are really seeing the decline in the -- I’ll call the non-commission expense, part of the expense ratio. When you look at the commission side that side is up a little bit but it’s primarily, because we are more profitable and we are adding more expenses to our profit sharing that we pay up to our agencies.
Mike Sewell: That plays a significant role in that. We still need to keep investing in various areas in our business, whether it's IT, predictive modeling, et cetera et cetera. We will continue those efforts but we will do them at a managed pace with the growth on the premium side.
Mike Sewell: It’s a great question. Thank you for it. I m not going to guess on what’s the ultimate outcome. I m not -- I’ll say -- I m playing that. That arena we -- we stay on top of exposure drafts that do come out. We will have a comment letter that is, I believe, in process of being posted. I think there is about 31 letters that are currently out there. But we do support the FASB and their efforts and what they are trying to do. And so the current exposure draft, however, we believe is really not an improvement under the current U.S GAAP. We think what is out there right now is really time tested. It’s highly effective. It’s preferred by the investors. And we think investors really do understand the current accounting process. What is being proposed would really fundamentally change the way that we -- we record things. And I think it will be very difficult for investors to understand. It’s -- as you know, recording premiums, recording losses, actuarial and so forth. It’s a very complex industry that we work in. And I think the exposure draft really adds complexity on top of our complexity. We’ll have to look at all of our systems, potentially re-mapping, maybe getting new systems like where the initial data comes in, we’ll change. And what we really don’t change is our managers. We’ll be managing with different numbers. And so this potentially will fundamentally change the way that we operate our business versus just doing a change in accounting in the way that we that report. So we encourage you to read the comments that will be out there. I think they are due by the end of the day today. I got to mention there is 31 that’s out there. We will have one. There’s also one that we participate in with the U.S. property casualty coalitions. So we’ll have to see but I’m not going to make any predictions. But at the end of the day, we do support the FASB and their efforts.
Mike Sewell: Yes. Josh, thanks. This is Mike. Some of those expenses are still some of the ramp up as we are growing that business and expanding and adding folks to that group. What you are also going to see, you probably noticed in there also that commissions are up a little bit also and that’s primarily due to the profit sharing. So the numbers are relatively small when you are putting expenses on the premiums compared to the commercial lines or the personal lines but that still is a -- that is still a growth mode there.
Marty Hollenbeck: Sure. This is Marty Hollenbeck. We think we’ve seen probably the worst of the pressure on the fixed income portfolio. As was mentioned, book yield for purchases in the quarter in total was $454 million versus $494 million and we broke that out taxable versus tax-exempt. We will have a very tough comp in the fourth quarter, again as was mentioned on the special one-time dividends were paid in the fourth quarter last year pulled from the first quarter this year. We will look at much better comps once we get into 2014%. So we are starting to see a little bit improvement obviously with the rising interest rates in the kind of May, June timeframe and the rate at which we are losing to calls has slowed somewhat so.
Marty Hollenbeck: Sure. We’re just under 30%, the way we look at that is less as a percent to the total portfolio as we look at it from the ground up by entity subsidiary and we taken a consideration regulatory and rating agency concerns, as well as tax considerations. Right now we could probably support up to or on the mid 30% level, so we had a little bit of room left.
Marty Hollenbeck: Hi Vincent. This is Marty again. That’s actually an area that we track very closely concerning the areas that we are in and some of the counties that. Certainly our target is being the more volatile counties as it relates to jury verdicts and we are very prudent about watching our files as the Progressive litigation environment knows particular counties. So I don’t think we have seen any change in that. We continue to monitor pretty closely. But I wouldn’t say overall there has been any change in our book in those counties.
J.F. Scherer: Vincent, I know, now I can say that we’ve seen any change in that. Explain to me again when you are talking about investments, you are talking about -- in their companies for Asian portals.
J.F. Scherer: I expect we’ve seen that going on for last three or four years. To say that it’s heated up or any different but they were getting feedback from our agents or whether it’s impacting our ability to compete in that area. I have seen a lot of change or difference right now but it’s clearly a pretty hot area in the market place.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. This is J.F. We’ve added 60% field -- to the field since 2009 in the loss control area. We’ll be closing in on total of 100 field reps in that area. To that, we’ve also added some specialist in property, casually, auto, professional liability, construction. So as far as the results, I’d say part of the reason why are growth has been -- well we expected it but healthy is that the ability of the lost control reps to gain confidence for us to go into slightly larger more complex accounts. We’re in the midst now of a very extensive inspection protocol implementation and the inspection protocol little literally over this next several. Hundreds of thousands of inspection on the push line side and quite a few on the commercial line side that the loss control reps will continue to lead the way on. One of the areas that we’ve seen the most lift from lost controls has been in workers’ comp. We’ve seen those results over the last couple of years. We’re now inspecting and interviewing every single account for us that has a $50,000 premium or more in workers’ comp. We send loss control out and go through probably half a day questionnaire with the policy holder then follow up with loss litigation activities there. So I don’t think we’ve seen all the lift we’re going to get. In fact, I know we haven’t seen the lift. We’re going to get on the property side from the loss control stand point. We’re really just now getting into the meat of what they’re doing there.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, for example, on the property side, we’ve profiled every single account that we have in the company and based on a protocol, it’s been established by our loss control department, we have determined how many of those locations need to be inspected with and with what frequency. So not only will we be out on new business or we might be out inspecting properties more in depth than we would have in the past but we are saving them up on a rotation wherein some cases depending on the complexity of the account, it might be four times a year, or it might be once every three years. But we are in the past, that type of thing was left to the judgment of the underwriter based on just the circumstances when the account came up for renewal. We have transferred that accountability to our loss control division based on their knowledge of complexity of accounts TIVs, total insured values, things of that nature. And these things will automatically happen now rather than it being random.
J.F. Scherer: Well we are seeing a little bit of -- in other words, we’re inspecting as I mentioned, we will inspect 60,000 or 70,000 structures this year, a 100,000 next, most of which are going to be renewals. And we are seeing a decent percentage of those where we are non-renewing or canceling those policies based on what we’ve discovered. We are also seeing that those policies may in fact not have been rated correctly. In other words, there are surcharges for things such as wood stoves, protection classes where a house might be located. There might have been an error when the policy was first written. So we are actually charging more in many cases for the policy just to get the right rate. So -- but having said that our retention remains good. It’s still in the low 90s for personal lines which is a pretty strong retention rate. We’ll continue all of this inspection protocol. I think you’ve heard us talk about the rate increases that we’ve initiated over the last several years. Once again, since 2009, we’ve increased rates countrywide cumulatively just under 50% homeowners. So on the one side as far as pricing is concerned that’s been a real positive but I am real confident that getting now, seeing these properties, reaffirming the condition of the properties, taking a look at the roofs, one of the big motivations for us is to verify the age of the roofs. In those cases where the roofs are older than 15 years, asphalt shingled roofs older than 15 years. We are going to an ACV endorsement in those cases. We are going towards higher deductibles, minimum $1,000 on new business for accounts less then $500,000 coverage A and $2,500 minimum deductible for accounts greater than that. So that’s had some effect. That’s depressed our new business but the new business is still at a decent level where I am not alarmed at all. I don’t think we are alarmed at all that the new business is down given the fact that we are getting a much better book of business right from the very beginning.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. We’ll probably be around a 100 next year. And I suspect we will finish this year in the low 90s on it. And I would, in addition to the number of agencies, we have a point where we’re also monitoring the critical mass of the agency. In other words, what’s the total property and casualty premium that each agency currently controls. And we are about a $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion at this point of the year in terms of that amount of premium we have appointed this year. And next year I would suspect the target would be $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion.
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. I guess, I’d answer that in two ways. We are continuing to see upper single digit renewal increases in the -- in the E&S company, very consistent and so we haven’t seen any light up in that. Now having said that and keeping in mind that our appetite is relatively conservative, we write a fair number of accounts that would probably fall into the category that could fall into the standard market and then back into the E&S market from time to time, and what we have seen is that on larger accounts that we have in the E&S market, they are finding their way back into the standard market. I don’t know exactly.
J.F. Scherer: We would have preferred to keep them in the E&S market, the terms and pricing that we had already and then we lost then. And also if any standard market company will quote on that account, the agent can’t place it with us. In other words, they have to get three declinations from the standard market or to be eligible to be put in the E&S market. So that we are seeing that occur in terms of some larger accounts. Now put in the context and we have mentioned this before, our agency write close to -- now based on all the appointments we have last few years close to $3 billion in excess and surplus lines premiums. We are not in markets for all of it, some of it is a very challenging business. However, we are in market for a good bit of it. So I don’t think I would -- we don’t view our opportunity grow to be simply be consistent with the overall growth rate that you might see in the E&S industry. We are continuing to take advantage of the fact that the model we have. How we tie the premiums into our agencies overall, profitability with our company, the -- our claims approach, all of the things we think make attractive to do business with us continues to give us, I think and will continue to give us a lot of opportunity to write our agencies E&S accounts. Notwithstanding what’s going on in the larger accounts.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. Ian, there is only be a handful of agencies in the country that are personal lines only agents for us.
J.F. Scherer: Well, we study and we recently studied the commission levels that our competitors pay between the base commission that we pay our agents, add to that the profit sharing component, we are at the top of the heap. And we intend on staying there.
J.F. Scherer: I don’t have -- as a company, we don’t have much interest in trying to win the commodity gain in personal lines. We are a more valued approach than that and so that will be the focus of our marketing.
