Steven J. Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. We are pleased to report our best second quarter operating results in several years and solid first half 2013 performance. The results reflect the benefits of ongoing initiatives that aim to improve insurance profitability, drive premium growth and create shareholder value over time. With our second quarter combined ratio of 96.4%, our year-to-date combined ratio is 93.9%, in the range of the sub 95% we are aiming for. Our lower catastrophe losses helped our results. Our combined ratio before catastrophe losses also improved for the first half of 2013. We remain confident that our loss reserve position continues to be well into the upper half of the actuarial range of estimates. We achieved the premium growth we expected for the first half of the year. Each of our property casualty segments grew as they benefited from greater pricing precision and higher pricing overall. Commercial policies that renewed during the second quarter continued to average price increases in the mid single-digit range, keeping pace with the first quarter. Increases on our smaller commercial property policies again reached the low double-digit range. Person lines policies that renewed in the second quarter also averaged the price increase in the mid single-digit range with home owner policies continuing in the high single-digit range. Our excess and surplus line segment experienced higher renewal prices for the 34th consecutive month, continuing at a low double-digit range. We continue to believe that our new business written premium growth reflects both the higher pricing we are able to get in the marketplace as well as the cumulative effect of growth initiatives. Our pricing analytics and modeling tools continue to give us confidence in the level of our new business pricing. We are seeing good growth from newer agents in addition to ones that have represented us for decades. Likewise, we see growth in newer states in addition to our more established areas of operation. Property casualty agency appointments are going well. We have appointed 63 new agencies as of June 30th and now estimate that we will exceed our initial 2013 goal of 65 agencies by about 15. Our life insurance segments earned premium growth slowed during the second quarter. The primary driver was the effect of unlocking of interest rate assumptions for certain universal life insurance products. For all of our insurance segments we are careful to grow premiums only when we believe profitability is adequate. The quality of our recent growth has been as expected with overall pricing ahead of our loss cost trends. The second quarter produced investment income that nearly matched the same quarter a year-ago despite a drop in interest income. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio is on good pace for 2013. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will now discuss that further along with other financial items.
Steven J. Johnston: Thanks Mike. Our improved results in recent quarters are encouraging and the company’s performance is being recognized. We were again recognized as one of world’s 50 top performing PNC insurers based on safety, consistency and superior performance over a five year period ending 2012. And during the second quarter our credit and financial strength ratings were affirmed by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P. Moody’s also upgraded its outlook on our ratings to stable. We will continue efforts to improve performance, fulfilling our insurance promises to policy holders and providing outstanding service to agents as we add value for shareholders. I want to acknowledge the hard work and accomplishments of our independent agents and our associates. During the second quarter we wrapped up over 20 meetings with agents across the United States. Next month when all of our field associates meet in Cincinnati we will continue the discussion about how we can further improve service and performance. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your question and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, JF Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Amy we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah Scott, as already mentioned on home owners we expected the new business to moderate a little bit on that and consequently since we are only accepting packages, private passenger auto. Otherwise no, actually there are timing differences and booking differences. And so I think the best way to look at all of this is over the first six months of the year. But frankly it’s going along as planned. We projected out to the end of 2015 to be a $5 billion company and that does just keep in mind does include life insurance, but the kind of new business that we expected to write, we are actually little bit ahead of plan on it. The only thing I would say that was somewhat remarkable in the second quarter was the level of competition on larger accounts. They always draw a crowd that’s not surprising, but we saw a bit of a, I guess a bit of a tick up in terms of the aggressiveness of the marketplace in that area. After we really dug into it turned out not to be as remarkable as we thought, but I guess that’s I suppose worth mentioning. So across the lines of business we write packages. So we are not writing or targeting commercial auto or workers comp or something of that nature, but all-in-all I have to say we finished the quarter and pleased with what we saw.
Steven J. Johnston: No it’s little bit better than that I would say overall a little below 5 I suppose with the smaller accounts up towards 10%.
Steven J. Johnston: Well what we are seeing in our book and keep in mind we are pretty conservative in our underwriting appetite. I think there is fair amount of business that’s on the fringe that kind of floats back and forth between the standard market and the E&S market. What we have seen in that area, larger accounts we have seen a lot of competition from standard carriers. And so we’ve lost a few accounts in that regard. We are not seeing it from other ENS carriers in terms of the competition. So that was noticeable really through the first six months of this year. We still think we have a great opportunity. I can’t say that we’ve seen anything in the way the market has changed, that has caused us to think this is really going to -- the doors are really going to fly open and some business is going to come in. Still deliberate, we are still trying to be pretty conservative about what we do. And so as a general statement we’re seeing some standard market players take some business out. But other than that it’s been pretty steady for us.
Steven J. Johnston: Yes this is Steve. And that is we agree with you 100% on the importance of that, the potential benefits. And we are definitely into that. It’s fallen within Marty Mullen’s area and our actuarial group and we agree that we see that as a very important initiative that we can put in place and one that’s got a lot of room yet to help with the lost cost trends. And I don't if Marty wanted to add anything in addition to that.
Steven J. Johnston: Well Amy, thank you. Thank you for moderating the call. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call if not the fourth. Have a great day.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: Josh it’s Marty Hollenbeck. Not really we actually welcome a gradual rise in interest rates. I mean it spiked a bit in the second quarter, but we still like to see it work its way up further. Obviously the balance sheet takes a quick hit, takes along for the income statement to get the benefits of that, but nonetheless we would welcome it. Our bond portfolio I don’t think, to be honest with you, took as big a hit as you might think into book value. I mean we have a pretty generous dividend, which comes out of that as well. We have a slightly higher duration but we have less allocated to fixed income and certainly as a percentage of our shareholders equity that is the case. So we are not doing anything dramatically different going forward, corporate bonds, municipal bonds and dividend, growing stocks are still our favorite asset classes.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: Scott it’s Marty Hollenbeck. There is a lot that goes into that decision. We look at, really from the bottom up by entity, by company in regards to regulatory issues, tax issues, et cetera. We don’t have a hard target. Obviously the last few years equities of the type we buy have been very attractive just on a pure income basis. And there is still relatively, still by historical standards. We’re not looking for a large scale pop up. I think we were just trying to convey the fact that we had not reached a maximum there we do have some room.
Martin H. Hollenbeck: It’s Marty Hollenbeck, I will go first. Again with the influence that the fed has we just don’t see interest rates dramatically galloping from here. I mean we had a nice spike. Frankly the equity markets are up, since this whole thing started. But we don’t see rates taking off any time soon. Inflation appears to be under control, looking out past three years is probably not worth the time to spend on it at this juncture. So we see a slow drift up, but not a considerable move in interest rates and this is on the investment side. Marty can comment on the claim side.
