Steve Johnston: Thank you, Ken. The fourth-quarter was profitable with casualty underwriting, life insurance operations and investments, all contributing to strong operating earnings. 2010 was noteworthy in that Cincinnati Financial increased our dividend to shareholders for the 50th consecutive year. That puts us in an exclusive group with approximately 10 other publicly-traded companies that have a 50-year or longer track record. The strong fourth-quarter resulted in operating earnings that covered our shareholder dividend both for the quarter and the full-year. Our value creation ratio goal is to average between 12% and 15% annually over a five-year period. For 2010, the VCR was 11.1% and for 2009, it was 19.7%. The fourth-quarter combined ratio of 93.1% improved the full combined ratio by 2.8 points to 101.7%. Catastrophe losses contributed just 7/10 of the loss ratio point to the quarter and 5.1 points for the full-year. The full-year underwriting expense ratio was 32.8%, no change from 2009 and slightly better than the estimated range of 33% to 34% target in our first quarter conference call. Property casualty reserves or prior attributes developed very favorably dedicating the fourth-quarter combined ratio by 17.6 points. For all of 2010 prior accident reserves developed favorably by 10.3 loss ratio points compared with 2009 favorable development of 6.4 points. Our reserving philosophy remains unchanged. We have a very consistent approach resulting now and in 22 consecutive years of favorable development of prior accident year's reserves. We continue to target total reserves in the upper half of the actual range and we believe that our shared reserves are in virtually the same position within the actual range at the end of 2010 as they were at the end of 2009. Nearly, all of the favorable development for accident years 2007 through 2009 with majority of it coming in our commercial casualty line of business. Our updated loss reserve estimate shows each of these accident years developing favorably by an average of about 7 points. There is no assurance that accident year 2010 will develop similarly, but we can assure that we have been consistent in our reserving practices. Now for some detail on investments, our diversified approach to investments produced solid results for both the quarter and the year. Pre-tax investment income decreased slightly to $130.1 million for the quarter from $130.9 million a year ago. For the full-year pre-tax investment income increased $17 million to $518 million. Higher average invested assets due in part to healthy operating cash flow more than offset declining portfolio yields. Unrealized gains before tax for our $3 billion equity portfolio grew 30% during the fourth-quarter to over $750 million. Considerable attention has been given recently to the health of municipal bond issuers. I’d like to give you a quick profile of our holdings. Our municipal bond portfolio is approximately 63% of shareholders’ equity. It consists of approximately 1,000 securities with 95% rated A, or higher. Approximately two-thirds of the portfolio is general obligation, of which, only $3 million worth are state issued and one-third of the portfolio is in revenue bonds. Despite the fourth-quarter sell-off, our municipal portfolio was trading at over 103% of book value at year end. Additionally, we have no foreign sovereign debt exposure. As a reminder, our entire portfolio is listed and updated quarterly on our Web site. Liquidity, the balance sheet and our financial condition continue to strengthen putting us in a solid position to grow profitably. Even after a dividend of $220 million paid to the holding company during 2010, statutory surplus through the property casualty insurance group grew by $129 million to approximately $3.8 billion at year end 2010. At the holding company level, we continue to have just over $1 billion in cash and marketable securities and our debt to total capital ratio also improved to 14.3%. Summing everything up, the contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows. Property casualty underwriting profits contributed $0.20, life insurance operations added $0.08, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.47. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the fixed income portfolios reduced with value per share by $0.99. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the equity portfolio provided growth of $0.75 and we paid to our shareholders $0.40 per share in dividends. Totaling it all up, book value increased by $0.11 during the fourth-quarter and by $1.66 or 5.7% for the full-year to $30.91 per share. That concludes my prepared comments, and I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Steve Johnston: Caroline, this is Steve. Good question. It was very favorable quarter. I think for the year it was reasonably consistent. We had 10.4 points of favorable development, 10.4 points on the loss ratio. If you remember a year ago we did some strengthening on workers' comp. If we were to take workers comp out of both years it would have been 10.1 points in favorable development in 2010 and 9.1 points in favorable development in 2009. So I think it's a steady approach. Commercial casualty led the way this year with about 27 points for the full-year in favorable development. Last year, commercial casualty also led the way with about 22 points of favorable development. I think the key thing to keep in mind is we have a very steady approach here. Our claims management, some of the things I look at is, one, is the consistency in our claims management. Marty Mullen who just took over 2.5 years ago is only the fourth Head of Claims in the 50 years company history. The senior management in our claims department has over 30 years of experience. The headquarter supervisors have over 20 years of experience on average, and the people in the field average right around 13 years of experience. So, it's a very consistent approach that I don't think would result in changes in claims reporting, patterns or settlement rates, that's one thing I look at it. Another thing is the position in the actual range. We feel that we are in virtually the same position reserve wide in the actual range at the end of 2010 that we were at the end of 2009, so we feel it's a pretty steady long-term approach to saving reserves.
Steve Johnston: I might get back to you a little later in the call. It will take us few minutes to pull the sheet on that.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston, Josh. Good to hear from you this morning. We are seeing most of the favorable development coming from accident years 2007, 2008, and 2009 that happening in 2010. By line, commercial casualty will be the one with the most favorable development but all-in-all it's been favorable overall. It's part of the consistent approach, a place where we feel we are in the same position in the actual range at the beginning and the end of the year. Our consistent approach has now resulted in our 10-K showing 22 years in a row, favorable development. But in specific answer to your question, during 2010, favorable development came from accident years '09, '08, '07 for the most part and each one them has averaged about seven points of favorable development from the position of which they started.
Steve Johnston: I think the fact we feel that the reserves are at the same position in a actual range now that they were at the beginning of the year, tends to give us a feeling that we would see favorable development again as we go forward.
Steve Johnston: Josh, we don't think it's changed, it is consistent, as we say it's been 22 years now that we've had favorable development, so maybe some of them been here longer than I might want to comment but I'll tell you it seems like a very consistent approach both from the actuarial side and the methodology there. And then as mentioned earlier, the people in our claims department have been in place nearly for decades. The transition between managers has always been very smooth and measured not something that I would see with probably reflection here or there generating any changes in procedure.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I'll take the first shot and I think Martin has some comments as well. It's been a consistent approach. Again, I think the claims management has been consistent. Within the actuarial area we have some pretty sophisticated models to address in multiple dimensions, utilize paid losses, to take out some of the variability that may be there in case reserves and just basically what we have seen, I don’t think we'll learn in this and the commercial casualty area we have just seen things both paid losses and incurred in the more recent periods just develop much more favorably than the models predicted they would have a couple of years ago.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. I tend to look at the total amount that’s carried at the end of year and at the beginning of the year, where it falls within the actual range of estimates and look for consistency there and that’s what we’re seeing, that’s why we booked the number we did as we felt comfortable that things have developed favorably, more favorably than the models would have projected, but we feel that we are in the same position in the range at the end of 2010 that we were at the end of 2009.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve again and you are right. It was stubborn in the fourth-quarter and we think we are doing the right thing, we are taking rate increases on the risk that we think need grade increases and more moderate on those that we don’t more rate on the home, less rate on the auto, but positive on both lines. During the fourth-quarter, we saw rash with large fires around the holiday season and we also saw an uptick in the number of uninsured motors claims on the auto side and even the physical damage was up, it was up in nearly every lines on the Personal Lines side in the fourth-quarter. We don't see it as a trend again, we think we are doing the right things and we are confident with the old trend in the positive direction overtime.
Ken Stecher: Thanks, Steve. Before, we move on to questions, let me conclude by saying we like how our assets are structured, as we see several advantages with our higher mix and equity securities. At the same, we remain confident that our reserves are strong due to the consistency of our approach. We ended the year with our usual high quality balance sheets A.M. Best A plus security rating just affirmed on December 13th. Combining a strong balance sheet with the strength of our agency relationships and superior service along with our profit improvement and growth initiatives positions us well to profitably grow our business and create long-term value for shareholders. We appreciate the opportunity to share our optimism for the future and to hear your questions Jack Schiff, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me and we are all available to respond. Simon, we are ready for you to open the call for questions.
Ken Stecher: Real quick I might provide the answer to the earlier question of Caroline Steers, we have about $38 million in cash at CIC Holding Company only, of the $385 million total consolidated to the group in cash. Move on to the next question now.
Ken Stecher: Okay. That’s helpful. Scott, this is Ken Stecher. I have some policy account information for you, if you like that.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Sure.
Ken Stecher: One other thing that's been transpiring is, we have been moving a larger percentage of our business is Commercial Lines versus Personal Lines. That's been transitioning over the last 10 years to 15 years. And obviously, the Commercial Lines were much longer tail lines, so that maybe part of it. I don't have any further…
Ken Stecher: Well, we evaluate these cases based on the severity liability issues that exists, but we hope to arrive at a better (inaudible). If the case falls within the better defense posture but fortunately, over the years again, based on the type of experience we have in the field and the panel counsel that we use, we feel like we generate the best results in the industry.
Ken Stecher: This is Ken Stecher. Marty gave a great answer. I think one thing we could delay it, when you have that much snow and it starts to melt, it refreezes multiple times and then water would start to back up.
Ken Stecher: Thank you, Simon. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial Corporation. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call. Have a great day.
Martin Mullen: This is Martin Mullen. Actually, in the first quarter we've had very little cat activity so far this quarter.
Martin Mullen: No, there hasn’t been any cat declared yet for this winter storm. I’ll tell you, in last several days the claims certainly are premature at this point. We can anticipate the normal type of winter weather claims from this snow storm of collapse in water and plumbing freeze losses. But at this point, it's too early to tell how severe storm image will be.
Martin Mullen: This is Marty Mullen, Vincent. It’s a pretty difficult question to answer specifically because of the type of snow it is hitting those particular areas, heavy snow, light snow, if there is windblown snow, if it’s drifting, a lot of those issues apply to the type of damages you can expect from collapse, as well as the type of construction in the different areas that we have, the types of roofs, flat roofs and then certainly on commercial roofs. The age of the building is certainly a factor. So all those will interplay with what the frequency rate might be of the impact of the high snow banks on the roofs.
Martin Mullen: This is Martin Mullen. I just could add a few comments to Steve’s. As far as the case reserving the philosophy it's always been maintained over the 30 years that I’ve been with Cincinnati is first of all, taking the perspective that the majority of our commercial book is in the GL side, close to 50% is on the general liability side. The commercial casualty and then ultimately the umbrella and limits that we write to support our insurers on that umbrella limit. When we look at claim files from the issues of liability but also take a keen approach to the severity issues that exist in a file, we think it's really important to recognize the severity of the injury and damages at the outset of the case and lay those very heavily in their initial reserving process. That is the safest and the most disciplined way of looking at these large deal cases from a severity perspective. And I think over the years of our claims staff having the experience in handling those types of cases, they develop positively from a perspective, as the years mature. But there has been no change at all as far as the way we've approached the initial reserving those cases in that general liability line that lead themselves to severity and outlook.
Martin Mullen: Ian, this is Marty Mullen. Fortunately, we have the advantage with our field staff being in action living in the areas that service the agencies. We get a lot of our intelligence from the field staff living in those communities. I have to be honest, to-date we've had very positive results, (inaudible) snow, they got some ice, but things haven't trended as bad as they were predicted to be in most of our areas. Now the unknowns are the areas of Illinois, Chicago, Wisconsin, those kinds of areas unreported so far because of the significant snowfall they did receive. The early indications on some of our other Midwest territories have been trended on the positive. So far so good but we know there's a lot to be said yet for what is in the Northern territories.
J.F. Scherer: Vincent, this is J.F. Scherer. We continue to get a nice amount of premiums from our property and casualty agents that represent about 70% of our life premiums. The term insurance improvement I think is reflected of some improvement in rates on our part making our products more attractive. We also see because the economy is a bit poor, people would invest more in term insurance than they would in a cash value-based life insurance. So I think for us the improvement is probably less industry-specific than it is just that we continue to improve our penetration and our success in our agency force.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, Scott, exactly. Our new business in Texas was $21.4 million and then Colorado, another new state was $8.7 million. I think Texas is, as much as anything purely a function of size. The population, we've got 33 locations in Texas now we've appointed. That has been quicker. Two years ago, I probably wouldn't have anticipated perhaps it being that quick we have five territories now, five experienced field reps down there, we'll be adding a sixth territory this upcoming year. Receptivity in Texas from those agencies has just been excellent. We've done some things pretty aggressively. We placed field claims representatives in the state really before we had any real financial justification to do. We didn't have that many claims, but we wanted to have Cincinnati field claims reps prepared to handle claims from the very beginning of our relationship with our agents there. We have loss control on the ground there. So, we've ramped up, if you will, our infrastructure, which, for us is our individuals working out of their homes pretty quickly in response to just how responsive the agents were to our model, so, we're pleased with how things have gone there. Our two territories in Colorado improved this year over the last. We've added a third territory there and are taking the same approach there. We want field claims reps, loss control folks there so that we know what we're writing, and we get great service right from the very beginning. And then our agencies, in an effort to persuade us, not to over-appoint agencies in their area will focus on growing their book of business with our company. So, new states on the drawing board, this year, we hope to see some progress then with the Oregon where we'll have two territories here shortly and then Connecticut. So we’re very pleased with how things have gone in the new states for us and we’ve done nothing special, Cincinnati model all the way.
J.F. Scherer: I don’t think we are going to actively downsize either those two portfolios. You probably know the munis market in the fourth-quarter was the worse in almost 17 years. Arguably, there is some value we had. They are depending on what side of the arguments you’re on. In equities, no, type of equities we buy dividend paying, dividend growing stocks, we feel do well through most all market cycles and they certainly tend to outperform in down cycles. Any addition there is going to be within some constraints that we place on size of the equity portfolio, as it relates to several internal metrics. So I don’t see a significant downsizing now.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Thank you. Good morning. I guess I wanted to ask a little bit different question on reserves and I had some Personal Lines questions. I guess, to be honest, you guys have always had an outstanding reputation for your reserves, and if I recall you've never had a reserve shortfall. So, I'd not question the integrity of your reserves at all, but I'm wondering if you could just help me understand, when I hear numbers like 27 points out of commercial casualty one-year and 22 points the next, so that's 50 points total. If I heard that from some of your competitors, my eyebrows would raise, right, just how could there be so much redundancy? So, can you help me understand just a little bit about maybe how you reserve a little bit differently from other companies, or just how your profits maybe different that we get such large emergence at one-time from the line like that? Is this going back? I know it’s this much your recent accident years, but 50 cumulative points makes me think maybe it's going back five years or 10 years.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So it sounds like part of it is actually you've been able to manage the claims, it's part of the macro environment that’s been favorable but it sounds like part of this also you've been able to manage your claims better than the initial case.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I hope you don't have any of those cars that got abandoned on Lake Shore Drive because it sounds like they are going to be total losses because people can't find them anywhere, so good luck guys. Thanks. Good quarter.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Yes. I could tell you. I live in Chicago, and we had that last night. We had to be clearing out some snow (inaudible) started to melt, so it will take a little bit of time I think here, but so…
