Steven J. Johnston: Thanks Mike. We have in place a strong foundation both financially and strategically, and we will see better days ahead in terms of company performance. In addition to having the most dedicated associates in the business, we work with the most professional independent agencies in the business. We look forward to strengthening our partnership as we meet with agents at sales meetings across the country over the next four months. We also look forward to meet in person with many investors and shareholders throughout this year and we appreciate your interest in Cincinnati financial Corporation. With me today to further discuss our results and outlook are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen and Martin Hollenbeck, and we all are available to respond. Steve, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Steven J. Johnston: Sure. That's one that we’re feeling particularly pleased about. I'll let J.F. would want to add any more comments, because that’s been the real team effort there.
Steven J. Johnston: Matt, we feel to be fairly broad based. there's a lot of enthusiasm, a lot of optimism, I think most of the agency folks, as we talk to them. Obviously, every policy is different, every situation is different, we do think it on a risk-by-risk basis, but term and I think it has been pretty uniformly positive in terms of the performance.
Steven J. Johnston: Hey Matt, before we let you go, I want to give hustate some a little bit on the (inaudible) the workers’ comp and so just a clarification and we talked about it in the press release in terms, and Mike in his opening comments about the all other expense we serve. And for the year, again while the calendar year was the same unaffected in terms of allocating to line, the workers’ comp did benefit by about 11 points on the calendar year, by that refinement.Matthew Rohrmann – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, Steve.
Steven J. Johnston: Let me just touch briefly on the elements of it. I think the key point is that we want to grow profitably, that’s key. we want to get as much of that growth is from our same agents we can. But we also recognize that we're under served in certain areas where we’re appointing new agents and in terms of the capitalization, we could grow up a bit, we’re running about 0.8 to 1 in terms of our premium surplus ratio. Now we feel confident that as we grow the book profitably, especially when you consider the capital as the whole income, we’ve got plenty of capital to support all the profitable business our agents [can send this].
Steven J. Johnston: Well just in the fourth quarter, the agencies would have not contributed a lot to the new business. they’re just up and running, agencies appointed in 2011 were $14.9 million. So it ramps up two, three, four months after they get on board with us. and so there is a contribution there.
Steven J. Johnston: We do track not only the number of agencies we acquired, but the total standard, commercial lines and personal lines premium in those agencies, like we average right now about 22% of the personal lines premiums that our agencies write. So when we make those appointments, we would think over a period of, let’s say 10 years, they’re just from those agencies, we could hit that type of mark, same would be on the commercial line side after 10 years, we write about 10% of the agencies volume. and so we would expect that the lift will get for making those appointments would be in that range.
Steven J. Johnston: Nothing just happened over the last, let’s say five years, wouldn’t discourage us from believing we couldn’t have the same kind of penetration in agencies we’ve got to appointing recently.
Steven J. Johnston: Yes. it does include the one and three year policies in terms of our averages. We would typically charge somewhere in the range of five percentage points difference between a one-year and a three-year policy. and so something would be typical right now for a one-year policy would be in the mid single-digits, 4% or 5%. So we would go up precise 8% or 9% maybe 10% on a three-year policy. The marketplace atmosphere right now is such that there is a lot of – our three-year policy has always been a strength and most especially the time like this. So we’re being careful to make sure we’re getting a premium for the three-year policy and our agencies are finding that sellable and very attractive to be able to offer that.
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah, make sure by the end of this, I’ve answered your question. So I do believe that we feel comfortable with the 25% in equity. I think as we have growth patterns as the – what is the excess capital, the definition may have changed a little bit as we went through the ‘08, ’09 period as we’ve seen weather, we’ve seen. we think for a growing company, it’s good to have strong capital, and that’s been a great thing about the Cincinnati over the 60-year history. we’ve never been constrained by capital to grow. and so we want to make sure that we have plenty of capital to grow. We want to balance that with returning capital to our shareholders and we do that we think with the dividend, with increase about for 51 consecutive years now. we repurchased shares each in the last three quarters. so we’re just going to balance it over that period of time, and make sure, we’ve got plenty of capital to grow, but also make sure that we’re returning capital to our shareholders.
Steven J. Johnston: We think we’re getting good improvement in the accident year loss ratio. we do feel we were benefited by a little bit by our true up, during the true up of the AOE, during the final calendar quarter, we think probably benefited the accident quarter by about six loss ratio points.
Steven J. Johnston: On the Workers’ comp side, it’s fully rolled out and we have been using now for almost two years. On the commercial line side, it’s in the process and in other words, our entire book of business has been modeled. But we’re coming up on renewals for all of that. and so we still have ways to go, for all of our renewals to have received the contribution of the insight that the model is going to give us. So it’s in process right now, it’s going we think very well. one indicator that we’d like to see is that there was a question earlier about whether or not we can grow to these levels profitably, writing new business, the new business that it will be required. The model is showing that the new business that we’re writing has drastically improved by virtue of having the model and running the perspective new business through the model, we’re seeing the projected loss ratios on new business are actually very good. and so in addition to agencies being particularly careful with us, when they’ve first put business with us after recent employment. We have the benefit as a model helping us in that particular area. So in all areas both renewal and in new business, we’re seeing a tremendous benefit from the model, it will continue to be refined, will come out with the next generation of our Workers’ comp model. As you all know, it’s a process, the model it’s not a stationary target, but it’s worked out very well for us.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Steven J. Johnston: Scott, I’ll address the question on the differential between new and renewal. We think as J.F. mentioned, we’re getting rate adequacy in both areas, but we don’t have a lease with – let’s say split between how much more adequate or inadequate new versus renewal might be, so from that part of the question.
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah. I think I might add my comment a bit, but I think the main thing is just the mix between our underwriting profit and our investment income and we’ve got a variety of tax rates, underwriting tax that a 35% or gains or tax of 35% or with our dividends received deduction in the municipal bonds, we’ve got varying tax rates there and Mike might have a little more color on that, but I think it’s the variation and where the earnings are coming from and what the tax rate is for that particular bucket.
Steven J. Johnston: Yeah, that was really a refinement that just occurred that’s not going to be recurring each and every year. So that 11.5% was really just one-time. And then on the go forward basis, the things will look normal. The other, if I look at this commercial – some of the other ones were a little smaller fluctuations, commercial property was posted a benefit of a 3.5, commercial casualty was up 2% because of it. On the personal line side, homeowners got a benefit of 1.6%.
Steven J. Johnston: That’s correct. And that’s because of the reinstatement premium and that’s why we want to get two years, we’re about 8% from where we were two year ago. But I think we did a good job. We look at having had the largest two catastrophe losses in the history of the company. The new RMS ‘11 model has higher estimates for us. So we thought it prudent and conservative to add another $100 million to the top of our layer. We also raised our retention as to $75 million. And I think one of the positive is, if you look at it and I think (inaudible) talked about that if you would have a $600 million event, we estimate that with only be about 3% of our surplus with this new program would have been 4% of our surplus before. So we think we’ve strengthened our balance sheet, our risk profile by adding that extra $100 million. And I think we’ll pay about $10 million more for the expanded program.
Steven J. Johnston: That we didn’t touch that layer of 100 (inaudible) of 100 and we got some rate increase there. It’s a layer we hadn’t touched before and we hit it last year with both events and in 2008 with Hurricane Ike, so we did have rate increase on apples-to-apples on some of the existing limits.
Steven J. Johnston: We tend to not be real granular in guidance, but we think that we need to be in the 95% to 100% combined ratio in terms of where we are going to be as we grow.
Steven J. Johnston: Good morning Fred.Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: Hey guys, it’s a great conference call. It feel like us watching the Super Bowl, (inaudible) the players are in their locker room, it’s half time when they come out wake up America, because there is going to be some big changes with the positive coming and I really appreciate the greatness that you gentlemen already is doing, all the team effort to do this. The question is I keep having coming to me in my little business world is, if you are an insurance company and premiums are sold for checks and money comes in and in an interest rate environment is basically zero, what do you do with that money to protect so, but you don’t have a disaster with the money market fund or a bank failure. Where does the money go in the short-term and it doesn’t bring one iota of income back.
Steven J. Johnston: Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today and we’ll look forward to speaking to you again in the first quarter call.
Michael J. Sewell: Yeah. This is Mike Sewell, for the personal auto, the effect was that is increased 8.5 points for the quarter – for the year, I am sorry, that’s for the year. So we had the workers’ comp was down benefited 11.5 for the year. personal auto was up 8.5. Now I do comment that the personal lines, it was up 2.8, but commercial lines was down 1.0. but overall when you look at the AOE reserve in total, the net reserve from year-to-year, it’s within $2 million between the two years. So it really had a zero effect on total reserves and it’s really just between the lines.
Michael J. Sewell: Yeah. I would say in terms of where we’re getting the new business, as was mentioned in the release, we are getting a lift from the new appointments that we’ve made. That’s the reason why we’re growing in new business. agencies that were appointed 2009 and previous, they were actually down a bit, I think that’s a commentary on the fact of new business still remains fairly competitive. Just by way of description of the fourth quarter on a direct basis, our casualty premiums were up 3.7%, our property premiums were up 4.3%, commercial auto was up 2.5%, and this is all new business, workers’ comp was down nearly 30%. We don’t view that as an alarming amount, but it does – it is a reflection on the conservatism that we’re approaching comps. So I’d say as much as anything, we’re pretty satisfied with the flow of new business, they add that’s we’re getting, it’s still competitive, but we’re confident that how we’re pricing, what we end up writing is, we’re in a better position right now than we would have been a year ago.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Good detail. Thanks.
Michael J. Sewell: If we’re at the normal levels for our operating earnings, yes.Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay.
Michael J. Sewell: Really when you look at Paul the two drivers, that’s going to drive that down is the tax-exempt interest and the dividend received deduction. And so then it’s your operating earnings that really going to be driving at the 35% rate.Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Terrific, thank you.
Michael J. Sewell: Fred, lot of folks in fall 2008 took notice of what happened with the money markets, we’re very cautious to spread that around and not have big concentrations. Back to cash yields nothing is literally unavoidable these days, so we have to be careful, and we don’t – we have not increased our risk profile, in any of (inaudible) yield or return. So we’re very cautious out there. We just spread it around.Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: And you can increase your allocation to equities say 4%, 5% and do we have fix your parameters, you kind of meeting that parameter right now and the maximum.
Michael J. Sewell: I would enter with that way Fred, now we got some room.Fred Nelson – Crowell, Weedon & Co.: Good. That’s important to hear because people ask me that. Thank you again gentlemen.
