Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Before we open the call for questions, I’d like to comment on some transitions within our Cincinnati Re team. Later in the first quarter, Managing Director and Head of Cincinnati Re, Jamie Hole resigned to pursue other interests. We thank Jamie for his significant contributions to our reinsurance business and for his work in assembling a strong team of seasoned reinsurance professionals. We wish him well with his motor sports ambitions and with any other future endeavors. Phil Sandercox, who has led our Casualty Reinsurance division since 2016 is now leading Cincinnati Re. Phil has more than 35 years of reinsurance experience, including leadership roles with Aspen Re America and Gen Re. We are all confident in the future of Cincinnati Re under Phil’s leadership and look forward to continuing to grow this aspect of our business over time. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow, and Theresa Hoffer. Marlee, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Greg, this is Steve Johnston. And I think, for your question, we still see inflation. We feel that we are in a good position in terms of, as Steve described, the – and I described in the set presentation, the increases that we are getting in terms of keeping pace and exceeding our loss cost inflation. Keep in mind for us, it’s always perspective. We’re basically always trying to look at data that we have, forecast out what we think will be the lost costs in prospective policy periods, and then do our best to charge premiums that cover those lost costs and provide our target profit returns. And we feel we’re in a good position to do that and also our underwriting. Everybody on the team is chipping in on this in terms of underwriting. Steve mentioned a segmentation, our book continues to shift to a mix that we feel is a mix that contains more of the policies with the high profit potential than the low profit potential. That’s an ongoing effort that we have and we feel very optimistic about our future prospects.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston. And Mike, the way we go about it and we don’t give guidance on the cats is we do a combination of looking at our past experience, the way you described it, but also using our models, the catastrophe models in terms of building the loads that we have in. And there is just volatility across time. I think one of the makeups of our business that might be different is that we have a more exposure to severe convective storm, which has a higher frequency, but lower severity distribution. And we have just seen more of that type of loss particularly here in the first quarter, but over a period of time. So we focus on the overall and realizing we’re going to have losses, whether they be cats or they’re in the ex-cat bucket and focus on making sure that we can keep that combined ratio to our target level. And I think we’ve been successful with it now with 11 years in a row with a combined ratio under 100. And so we’ll continue to take action to help mitigate the catastrophe losses in our underwriting and selection and so forth. I would say, since we did increase the retention on our cat program and talked about that in the last call, that would not have an impact on the cats that occurred in the first quarter of this year, they were all under $100 million, which was our retention prior to our change.
Steve Johnston: Yes, excellent coverage by Mike there. And I thought I would also maybe talk a little bit about more, maybe a little more detail on the comment I made in my fixed talk about the current accident year quarter having an improvement on a case incurred basis. And when we speak case incurred, and I think it’s pretty common for the industry, it would be the paid losses plus the case reserve. And that’s where we saw – when we look at those two elements, a 6.7 percentage point improvement over the first quarter a year ago. However, we did add IBNR of 9.2% loss ratio points. So we think it’s a good point to make and that we see the improvement in the underlying case incurred ratio. But prudent as we always are with reserves as the – we recognize that the first accident quarter is very green. We did add a pretty substantial amount of IBNR. And so I think it gives us a good position and that we’re seeing improvement in the paid – in the case yet we’re still being true to our prudent reserving and the strong balance sheet that we always advocate. And actually, while it wasn’t in the script, the same would hold for our first quarter calendar year loss ratio improvement in the paid, improvement in the changing case. And we added about 10.5 points of IBNR. And so in total, it was up 1.7%. But kind of decomposing that total loss ratio into paid case IBNR and comparing it to the quarter prior. Just thought I give a little more color on that.
Steve Johnston: Sure, Paul. And you’re never slow on anything. You always are on top of things. We still feel confident in the same guidance that we gave. The last time, I think, catastrophe losses are a little higher than we would have probably anticipated for our first quarter, but we still have three quarters to go. And with all the positives we see happening in terms of pricing, segmentation, underwriting, loss control, the whole team effort that we’re putting forth, we still stand by the same guidance.
Steve Johnston: Yes, excellent question. The net written premium for Cincinnati Re was down. I think it was due to intentional action that we took in a couple of areas. One, we were assuming business retrocessional business. And as part of a re-underwriting effort or looking at the Cincinnati Re book, we didn’t feel that we wanted to do that anymore. And so, we exited doing property retrocession assuming. And that premium decrease really represented all of the decrease in the Cincinnati Re premium for the quarter as a result of not – no longer doing property retrocession reinsurance. We also – as we look at each contract quantitatively, qualitatively and look at the risk reward, felt that we were best served to go higher as other companies increase their retention the way we did, those that we were reinsuring we’re doing the same. We stayed with those at better rates, better terms and conditions I’d say, on that property part, strong double-digit increases. And so, with the reinsurance business, it’s profit first and we are looking at every avenue of growing and growing profitably. This quarter we thought we needed to take some action there with the retrocessions. But we are very confident on a go-forward basis of continued growth as you kind of suggest in your question, it’s out there. We have a talented, very talented team that is well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think uncertainty had to do with when you’re making trends coming out of the pandemic and the time period that you look at and when you look at increasing inflation in different areas and how it’s evolving, social inflation, I think economic conditions in terms of what one might expect in terms of a possible recession, just all the various different things of uncertainty that go into it. It was more of a, I think, a general statement, Meyer.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I guess, cutting right to the chase, it is a line that we like. It is a line that we saw a challenge last year. It is a line where we’ve taken corrective action on multiple fronts, and we see it in an improving fashion now. And it did produce a small underwriting profit for the first quarter that we were happy to see. And so I think the most important point is it’s been a line of business that has been good to us for decades in terms of growth and profitability, and we think it will in the future and that it’s needed a little bit more attention here of late and that we’ve given it that attention.
Steve Johnston: That’s right. And it is, I think, comparing to our ex-cat combined ratio that when we talk about the deterioration.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I would say, first off, I wanted to clarify that it didn’t have to do with us buying less reinsurance. And that for those that occurred in the first quarter, each of them were under $100 million, which was our retention in 2022. So our raising our retention did not impact that any. I think that it was just widespread. I think that for the third quarter in a row, we had one that happened on virtually the last day of the quarter, which makes it a little bit tougher to estimate in the timeframes we have to estimate them, which leads to a little bit of uncertainty still saying we made our best estimate in the – in our claims. People do a great job of being out there and on the spot and making estimates, but it was just a widespread quarter where there were a lot of catastrophes that that affected us.
Steve Johnston: Certainly on the frequency, I’m hoping that way on the extra scoop. But we do go with our best estimate and we’ll have to wait and see how that one plays out. I might have tipped my hand a little bit to my personal thoughts on that.
Steve Johnston: Yes. This is Steve Johnston. Good question, Mike. I do think that we’re taking the appropriate action. I do think that we’re seeing a little bit more of a normalization of the trends in umbrella. However, I want to be cautionary in that it’s still for us volume wise, it’s a low frequency, high severity line for us. So it is going to have noise from time to time and that makes the trends a little bit harder. But I do think that we’re seeing the action that we’re taking both on the pricing and underwriting side having a positive effect. And I would say basically the same thing for commercial auto. It’s an area where we’ve paid good attention to over a long period of time and I think we’re on the right track and feel optimistic about it.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think and thank you for the complement on the transparency and the disclosure. I think what we like to do is lay it out there with as much detail for you so that different people, different analysts have different ways that they go about making their forecast. And so if you want to do something ex-CAT ex-large loss and then build in a kind of a long-term provision for both, or you want to do it just ex-CAT build in a long-term provision for ex-CAT, you can do it that way. So we just basically try to lay out as much detail as we can for you be as transparent as possible and give you as much information as we can so that you can do your jobs well.
Steve Johnston: Yes. No, we have been taking the rate and property and corrective action and property for some time. We do our rate indications in terms of where we’re getting the rate, we feel comfortable as we do our forecasts on the property line. We’re getting solid rate increases, solid increase in terms of the exposures that Steve mentioned earlier. Really looking at our underwriting as well improving on our technology and just really addressing it at all in all fronts and feel pretty good about the way we’re going.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Marlee. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Saturday May 6 at the Cincinnati Art Museum. You’re also welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors, and we look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Have a great day.
Steve Spray: Yes. Greg, thanks. Steve Spray here. First of all, on that higher end of the mid single digit range on average, I think the key to that for us as well, and I like to talk about it is just the segmentation that we have in the book. So the average, it certainly doesn’t tell the entire story. We’re segmenting the book. We’re getting more rate on those risks that we feel like we need more and then really focused on retaining those accounts that we feel we’ve got an adequate price on. Rates are still strong on the renewal book. And then to your question on new business, the field reps across the country whose primary responsibilities to underwrite and price new commercial lines business. They have just executed precisely the way we have wanted them to. And it is around underwriting and pricing discipline. We’ve got the tools for them to use per risk to know how their pricing is on our – on each one of those risks. And they’ve just been showing just great discipline on the pricing. So it’s – it is really around, I would say, price adequacy is where we’re feeling the pressure and competition I think from other markets.
Steve Spray: I would say, there are areas that get hotter than others from time to time, Greg. And the way we look at the business is we still think insurance – in commercial insurance is a local business. So we’ll have local competitors or regional competitors in probably almost every state where we do business. Obviously, we compete with the nationals as well. But yes, there are different jurisdictions that will run hotter or colder than others or you’ll see increased competition more so in a specific state than you will another, but it bounces around quite a bit, quite frankly.
Steve Spray: Mike, again, Steve Spray. Great point and yes. For – guys, for quite a few quarters now, we have continued to – quite frankly, we’re always taking increases in the exposure on the property side and on the casualty side for that matter, you have wage inflation, you have increased sales on casualty. But on the property, we always are taking inflationary increases on property values. And as those have obviously increased or been persistent, we’ve increased those percentages. As far as a breakdown between net rate and exposure change on commercial property, I would say, it’s about 50-50 for the first quarter – I’ll just speak to the first quarter of 2023. But it’s about half and half rate and exposure. And I know you’re not asking this right on that specific question, but you have the same phenomenon in homeowner as you do commercial property.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think – this is Steve Spray, again, Steve Johnston may want to weigh in here as well. I do think, yes, it is. It’s pricing and underwriting discipline that is showing up. Our retentions remained strong, but mix of business can change a bit. That can affect that, obviously, the new business being under a bit of pressure from our underwriting action and/or pricing. If you would note in the last several quarters, we’ve had some increased loss experience in umbrella, we’re taking corrective action as an example in our umbrella line of book, reducing capacity, increasing pricing, that’s putting pressure on the umbrella policy retention. So it’s a multitude of things. It’s a great question, but there’s a lot of moving parts there as you pointed out.
Steve Spray: Meyer, Steve Spray. With E&S business, the – I guess the official process is, is every state is a little different. When you have an account that’s admitted, you need to typically get a certain number of admitted market declinations before you can export that to the non-admitted market. And so I think to answer your question, if I don’t hit it, follow up on that with me, but to just move something from our admitted market into non-admitted you cannot do that. You need to get the – you need to follow the – what they call a diligent search to do that. That being said, we are – our E&S business CSU is about 90% casualty. We are writing an increased amount of homeowner business on an excess of surplus basis. And I think we’re doing an excellent job providing our agents and the policyholders in their communities with alternatives and with capacity in areas that are maybe a little more just – they’re prone to an E&S solution. And I think we’ve been able to be very nimble, very flexible and really step up for our agents and – on E&S on all fronts. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Steve Spray: Grace, Steve Spray, great question. I think a lot of the growth that you’re seeing in personal lines is our continued growth in the high net worth area. I would also add that we’re now about as a company, we’re about 50% high net worth or private client and 50% middle market. And we think that gives us an advantage in the marketplace for our agents. And over the last several years, personal lines was taking necessary corrective action, primarily in the middle market space pretty tough action in some specific states. And that put a lot of pressure on growth over time. And we think we’ve got that turned. And so that now bottoming out and coming back up has helped us with growth in personal lines. I would also add that we have continued to improve in pricing sophistication in personal lines that’s contributing there as well. I might add that, and Steve mentioned it in his script of what we’re doing with rate increases and as those continue to come in to the written premium and then also as over a longer period of time as they continue to earn, I would expect that it’s going to put some pressure on our new business growth.
Steve Spray: Again, Grace, this is Steve Spray. I would say that we look at the changes in Florida just on the surface as very positive. We think it’s a move in the right direction, but I think it is far too early to tell how that’s going to play out. Well, we think it’s promising something we’re going to watch very closely, but probably too early to draw any conclusions.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, great. Good morning. I guess, first question on stick with commercial lines and kind of talk about pricing versus exposure. So I feel like you and others have talked about updating replacement costs, which I believe is more on the property side to reflect the inflationary levels of inflation to per square foot to replace things. And am I correct that runs through exposure, not through pricing? And if so kind of, is there any numbers you can put around where you are in terms of getting your exposure levels to kind of be in line with the updated replacement costs? And is that also – is this phenomenon also driving up pure pricing exposure too. Thanks.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. And so then back to the previous question, [indiscernible] if we think about your pricing and premium growth, it would – is it the premium growth decelerated a lot. Is – was there – is it just there were some tough comps or are you kind of – are there like some types of maybe corrective actions being taken to get the combined ratio down to lower levels? And then I know my next question is on the catastrophe load, so I don’t know if that delves into that too.
Mike Zaremski: And so if we do that the underlying ratios and property have been getting going higher, getting worse is that why there’s corrective actions being taken and pricings moving higher and is that a fair way of looking at things and why you’re getting more exposure to re-price on the replacement costs is just trying to see if that’s – that ratio is okay for us to look at as the trend still looks like it. It’s not improving at this point.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Yes, I was getting some echo. In the 10-Q, there’s a comment with respect to the commercial umbrella that kind of added – it suggested that it added about 1 point to the commercial lines combined ratio in the quarter. It also suggested in the same subsequent paragraph that there was a substantial IBNR add. And then I think you said in your opening remarks that you’re kind of pleased with the fact that, that line had become profitable this quarter after – that was a line that had been difficult over the last several quarters and certainly gave rise to some reserve adds earlier last year. So I guess what I wanted to try to ask is maybe using that particular line as a lens, what are you trying to communicate there? Is this a line that you like or a line that is rehabilitating? I guess I feel like there’s a lot of different noise going on and the different things that you’re trying to communicate there.
Mark Dwelle: Got it. Okay. The second thing, I – again, this is building on a question you just answered for Meyer. I just wanted to make sure I kind of got that right. As far as the decline in premium in the reinsurance unit, it sounds like it’s ultimately sort of two things. One being that you’ve exited some portion of the retro, the property retro market. And the second is that you’re higher in the tower. So accordingly, you’re getting less premium and accordingly in theory should be taking more distant exposure all else equal. So if I reached the right conclusion on that, you have net reduced your overall CAT and property exposure as a result of the underwriting actions you’re taking there.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. So if I’m hearing you’re right on that, it’s sort of a frequency plus maybe a little extra scoop of conservatism just because it was right at the end of the quarter.
