Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. It’s satisfying to see the steady execution of our initiatives producing these strong results. In June and July brought a return of business travel and a return of our headquarters associates working together in person, it’s wonderful to see so many familiar faces in the hallway and to be able to get out from behind our desks to visit with agents and our field teams across the country. This return to a bit of normalcy has produced an energy that you can feel across our organization, bringing with it lots of optimism for the future of Cincinnati Financial. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck, and Theresa Hoffer. Polly, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Thanks, Derek. This is Steve Johnston. And we feel good about the growth in total, and it’s coming really from all of our segments. I would point out that Cincinnati Re represented 5 percentage points of the 11% growth for the first half. And I think we hope that market conditions continue to be just as they are with the reinsurance market, but there’s always a chance that can change. I guess there’s just uncertainty, the economy could weaken. So there are things that could impact the growth, but we really do feel good about our growth, good about our growth prospects, really confident in the business that Cincinnati Re is bringing to us with their growth and really across every one of our operational areas.
Steve Johnston: I think with the workers’ comp just there’s been rate pressure. Throughout the industry, there’s been a lot of talk of it kind of maybe bottoming out and so forth. That has had an impact. But I think our team has just done a great job with the workers’ compensation in terms of pricing, underwriting, segmenting the business. And so we feel good about our prospects and workers’ compensation over the little bit longer term.
Steve Johnston: Sure. I’ll take that one, Mark. And I think it’s fair to say that our BI litigation continues to progress pretty well. During the quarter, we received the first appellate court decision that considered our policy language and it confirmed that there was no coverage. And the overwhelming majority of trial courts from across the country continue to apply the policy language as we had anticipated. We’ve said before that we believe our policy language that requires direct physical loss or damage to property to trigger coverage is clear and that the virus does not cause direct physical loss or damage to property. So we think that the BI litigation continues to progress pretty well. In terms of the amounts, they have been relatively consistent with really no material changes during the quarter.
Steve Johnston: We’ve been keeping a close eye on that, and we don’t think that there’s a material exposure there. It’s still early from everything, we can tell to this point, no material damage there.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Polly, and thanks for all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Have a great day.
Steve Spray: Hi, Derek. This is Steve Spray. Yes. I think it’s a great question. Our new business for commercial lines has continued to improve throughout the first half of this year, getting back post, I guess, pre-COVID. And it’s always a balance between the growth and profitability. And the way our new business underwriters in the field and our headquarters underwriters here are executing on pricing sophistication, pricing segmentation and just balancing that with new business growth, we’re pretty pleased with where we are now and candidly feel like we’ve got a good runway ahead of us to continue as we get back to calling agents face to face and taking advantage of those opportunities.
Steve Spray: Mark, Steve Spray again, and maybe Steve Johnston and I can tag team on this one. Over the last couple of years, we’ve really had to take some specific – or some underwriting on pricing actions specific states. And I think that is showing up in the results. At the same time, we’ve continued to build out our pricing sophistication tools, segmentation, and personal lines and you can see that showing up and improving our new business results as well. So I think that – hopefully, that gets to the question as far as just the improved results. It’s on multiple fronts and specifically taking some more aggressive action in some specific states that have needed it. And you can also see that, that’s putting some pressure just on the net written premium growth as well.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think I would say it’s a little bit of all of it, Mark. This is Steve Spray again. Price is certainly making an impact there, retention. And then we are seeing exposures in our commercial lines book returned to almost – they’re getting close to pre-COVID exposure basis. And it really depends on I think probably for any carrier, especially for us, just your mix as well in different segments, different industry segments are impacted differently from COVID. Just as an example, construction, and manufacturing, real estate all held up pretty well throughout COVID and in the first half of 2021. And so that we have a fair amount of that business on our books and some other industry segments maybe didn’t fare as well and would impact us less also. So there’s a lot of moving parts there.
