Steve Johnston: As I'm sure you can all imagine, we're sad to see J.F. go. At the same time, however I have absolute confidence in Steve Spray and in his ability to smoothly step into the role of Chief Insurance Officer. I know you all will feel the same as you get to know him during future investor business. As a reminder with J.F., Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck, Teresa Hopper, and Ken Stecher. Catherine, please open up the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Right. And yes, I think we were expecting and hoping for a little bit better performance in the personal lines results. They are the one segment for the year that came in over 100%. But having said that we're really buoyed by the work that's been done in personal lines in terms of the rate action that's been taken. I think Steve might be able to expand a little bit on that. But I think kind of the proof is in the pudding – when we look at the fourth quarter alone it came – personal lines came in with a 91.7%. And I think that gives us good optimism towards where we're heading into 2019. And maybe Steve Spray might want to comment a little bit on the actions that have been taken.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Amit, this is Steve Johnston. We have two Steves here, so we'll try to be careful to mention which one. This is Steve Johnston here, and I'll cover the reserve part. In terms of the releases, we have a very qualified actuarial department that uses some very sophisticated tools, particularly in the long-tail lines, such as workers' compensation. They're looking at trends and explicitly looking at inflation in terms of medical inflation, indemnity inflation, paid loss trends. And with all of the data that they look at, there's obviously a little bit of a cautious eye towards workers' compensation in that. It's been a cyclical line over time. And that slight variation in actual results on some of the loss trend picks can have a large impact on the overall results given the long-tail nature of the line. So they have taken, I think a very prudent approach to reserving workers' comp. And yet as they look at the more recent accident years going back in terms of how the actual trends have come in versus what they've predicted feel that it's prudent to release the reserves that they have. And it's a very consistent position that they take a consistent philosophy that they go about the reserve setting. In terms of the market conditions, I'll turn it over to Steve Spray.
Steve Johnston: It would be right in that six point something to seven point in terms of normalized cat. You're right on it Amit.
Steve Johnston: Right. That's very close though Mike. This is Steve Johnston and I think you're very close. We do see and feel that with the actions that we're taking in terms of loss cost trend, we're very prospective on that. What do we feel loss cost trend would be going forward? We do think that while it may be slight that we are slightly ahead of loss cost trend with our pricing. We think that all of the actions that have been taken will show improvement. And so we do think we'll - on an ex-cat accident year basis see improvement next year.
Steve Johnston: Sure. Good question and this is Steve Johnston. I think anytime when you're at a turning point with a line which I think we are with commercial auto as you pointed out we are seeing improvements in the ex-cat accident year. We have been taking the appropriate action to get there. I still think as we see that and in terms of setting the reserves as you mentioned the -- that there is a little bit of stubborn adverse development there. I think there's still a little bit of caution in terms of releasing reserves or being more optimistic with the picks on prior accident years until we see a little bit more evidence of the improvement that we're seeing in the current accident year.
Steve Johnston: Yes. In short, we do want to grow the line. It's a profitable line that we feel that we can do well.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Paul, this is Steve Johnston. And we'll kind of tag team on this. But we have an agency strategy. We are always looking for products and services that we can do with our agents to help grow our company. And we know that when our agents are successful, we'll be successful in or confident in, I think Steve has some ideas on how to expand on that thought. But we are confident in our growth strategies as we appoint agents, come up with products and services that we are definitely in a growth mode.
Steve Johnston: I think in general, Josh, and not to bring in -- I haven't really heard or read about the competitors. But we do feel just that our people in personal lines have been doing an excellent job in responding to the trends that we see in personal lines both auto and homeowners. We have seen -- we focused on the pure premium trend which will be the combination of frequency and severity. I do think within that pure premium trend, it is more the severity that's driving it. But again when we talk trends we talk prospectively. And a lot of the underwriting action that's been put in place by our underwriters we think is dampening that trend some. And we feel that we are in a position where we are getting rate ahead of that loss cost trend.
Steve Johnston: Yeah, in terms of the homeowners, we feel we're in the high single-digit range in terms of our homeowners increases. I'm sorry mid-single-digit for home high single-digit for auto.
Steve Johnston: I do think we try to look at things over an annual period of time, but I do think with workers' comp you're going to see more construction activity. And that sort of thing during the summer months than what you do in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So there could be a little bit of seasonality there.
Steve Johnston: Yes, good question. It is unchanged since that. I would turn everybody to the slide deck that we released that Amit is referring to on October 12. And that is where we are still in terms of how we feel about the transaction with Beaufort. We are confident that it will close here in the first quarter. We've been in contact with the people and continue to be very confident in the people there, the quality of the people, the expertise. And we are optimistic and we're ready to get going with that one.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston, and we're very much focused on the profitability on a risk-adjusted basis there. We intentionally didn't set up a separate company. It's written on Cincinnati Insurance paper. We just look at each individual contract one by one to see if we think we can make a good risk-adjusted profit. So we don't put pressure on them to write. With the one on ones, they've been very selective. They wrote less than 20 new property cat treaties out of some 130 cat submissions. They're very much looking to align themselves with quality companies. And I think we would see continued more premium on the casualty side as we go through the year as we saw in 2018 just based on the market conditions. But to the extent that we see good opportunity on a risk-adjusted basis to either increase our share on contracts that we like or selectively write new ones, we feel very confident in their ability going forward.
Steve Johnston: Thank you all. We very much look forward to talking with you and I look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2019 call. Thank you, Catherine for running the call.
Amit Kumar: No in terms of it's above when we talked about – when you laid out the initial guidance for 2018 at that time on 8th Feb, I think you had said mid- to low-90s I think was the number you had given in early 2018. So I was just trying to compare and contrast what had changed in your mind.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Now that's helpful. The other question I had was looking at the workers' compensation line, and I think the reserve release just were substantially higher than the run rate we’ve seen. And I know a lot of companies have been talking about it. I wanted to understand a bit better as to the driver of those reserve releases. And maybe just talk about the market conditions. It seems that we were worried a bit in Q3. And in Q4, I think things have got eased up a little bit just based on the general economic conditions. Maybe just talk about the loss costs and the pricing environment.
Amit Kumar: Okay. That's helpful. Last question and I will requeue. Just going back to that response on the guidance you said it has some level of normal cats. What's the normalized cat load you're assuming? The reason is, I want to be very clear and understand -- how that number probably compares with the investor expectations? Can you just talk about is it six points or so or maybe higher or lower? Just talk about your normalized cat load expectations? Thanks.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Amit on the personal lines specifically throughout 2018, we continued to earn in on the homeowner line mid-single-digit rate increases. We think that that is going to strengthen into 2019 into the high-single-digit range. And on the commercial auto, we think that's going to stay strong in the high-single-digit range as well.
Steve Spray: Yes. Amit, Steve Spray. We feel really good about workers' compensation. We're obviously a package underwriter. We don't write mono-line work comp. The results have been good. We feel good about the growth of it in the future and our appetite for it. Over the last several years, I think we've made really good strides on many different fronts in managing workers' compensation, risk selection underwriting, pricing the analytics that we've employed there, loss control. And I think no change has impacted our work comp results more than the things that we've done with claims, more expertise, a call center for timeliness of reporting have just helped -- medical bill repricing have just really helped the results over the year. I will tell you, over the years, we are cautiously looking at the continued base rate declines that come out of NCCI, and the impact that that's having on the accident year results. You can see that in the reports. But something that we are going to continue to watch, we'll continue to be cautious with work comp, but we want to continue to grow it.
Steve Spray: Mike, this is Steve Spray. Having spent the last couple of years in commercial lines, a lot of focus on commercial auto Steve's, right, we are seeing improvement in both the accident year and calendar year results. And one thing I'd point out is, we continue to earn in really solid high single-digit rate increases throughout 2018. We think that there's still plenty of runway in 2019 for that to continue, but those high single-digit increases don't really tell the full story. I think our underwriting teams with our agents -- in working closely with our agents have really executed well on segmenting the book. And we're getting obviously more than the average on the least adequately priced business and less on the most adequately priced; really focused on retention on that adequately, on that most adequately priced business. So still plenty of runway. There's still macro issues that are going on in commercial auto that you've probably heard distracted driving, driver shortages, policyholders having difficulty finding, qualified individuals to put behind the wheel. It's all having an effect on commercial auto.
Steve Spray: Yes. Mike, this is Steve Spray again. Let me try to answer that. If I don't hit it, you obviously can give me a follow-up. The base rate declines are putting pressure on the growth. But the underwriters I think are doing an excellent job of trying to mitigate that as much as possible. We still feel really good about the overall pricing of the book at this point in time although again those base rates are putting pressure. We're a package underwriter. So many times when you write -- let me give you an example. If you're writing a package and you're not real high on the auto, you're probably going to lose the entire package. You're not going to have an opportunity at that. With workers' compensation, there's enough monoline markets out there that if that line of business is not attractive to us, we can still continue to write the package and that comp will end up going somewhere else. So it allows us to be I think more prudent and more conservative on the workers' compensation. So I think that covers it.
Steve Spray: Yes. Paul, Steve Spray. Agree completely. Especially the agency strategy piece. We've always been a company as you know that has built -- build around our distribution. And anything we do in here as far as expanding products and services is in direct reflection of what the agents' desires are of us. So, as an example, our excess and surplus lines company, you can see how that's performing. High net worth. Will Van Den Heuvel and the team that he's built and the growth that we've got there, we started the target markets division which is really niche products and commercial lines in direct response to agents' needs and the fact that they were majoring in specific industries or class segments. We're up to 15 of those now. We've made extensive product improvements in management liability and surety, especially on the management liability front. That segment is growing rapidly and is very profitable. We stay out of the public company sector. It's primarily non-profit, small privately held companies as well. So, that's performed well. So, it kind of just goes on and on. Now with our Lloyd's Syndicate, things that are always in direct -- again, it's always in direct response to the needs of our agents. We have -- another area that we are expanding is in commercial lines. And as we move upstream into larger more complex risks for our agents, we feel like we have plenty of capacity. We just need to expand our expertise. We hired Chet Swisher about two and a half years ago, came over to join us and had tremendous amount of large account experience and expertise. He's building out that unit to just be that much more important to our agents as well. So, hopefully, I think that should cover what your question was Paul.
Steve Spray: But Josh, this is Steve Spray. We do see it strengthened on the homeowner line throughout 2018 and we expect the homeowner rate increases in 2019 to move into the high single-digit range.
Steve Spray: No. I think we can absolutely be effective in the personal auto market. Again we are not a mono-line auto writer, we're a package underwriter. We are trying to attract the policyholder that sees value in the advice that they get from an independent agent and they claims service that I'm proud of and have been proud of over the years that we provide in the community for our agencies and for the policyholders. So in the area where we are focused Josh the agency strategy and the centers of influence and the individuals in the community that they work with we absolutely feel like we can continue to grow personal lines.
Steve Spray: By the end of 2019, the plan is we'll be in 46 states. We're in 42 right now. The plan is to add Rhode Island, Delaware, Hawaii and Nevada in 2019.
Steve Spray: Yeah. I think an excess and surplus line has been consistent for many quarters Meyer and that their getting into low single-digit range is pretty consistent.
Steve Spray: Yes, Scott, Steve Spray. That I was involved in the E&S company from the get-go. And Don Doyle's leadership and that team they just continued -- it's blocking and tackling. They've stuck to their knitting, but they've also continued to expand their expertise. It's outstripping their appetite. But they're just -- they're out on the road constantly meeting with agents. Their value proposition is extremely compelling. And I think like anything else you have to just tell somebody 90 times over and over what your value prop is. And the agents just continued to move more and more business that way. It's primarily a casualty book. It's about 90% casualty about 10% of it property. So it's -- our agency plant today has about $3 billion of E&S business of which we write roughly $260 million. So we just think that there is a long runway for us there.
Steve Spray: No, I think that -- again it's an E&S book. They do an excellent job of pricing in terms and conditions. But it's going to have a variability component to it. It's a -- just inherently it's going to be a severity book. They only retain $1 million so that helps their cause there as well. But I think it's just inherent variability that happens in that book.
