Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. Operating profit for the quarter was well below our expectations, primarily due to severe weather as we previously reported. Starting the year with a 99.7% combined ratio, means we have work to do. And we remain confident that we have the expertise and agency partners that will lead to better results as the year progresses. We reported another quarter of strong investment performance. And Mike will highlight key items in a moment. Before that, I’ll note a few more important things regarding our insurance operations. We believe the rate of premium growth we reported for each of our insurance segments is healthy. That fast effort by underwriters in executing pricing precision for each policy is imperative. And their efforts also strengthen our confidence in selecting and pricing new business from our agencies. Pricing was generally consistent with the fourth quarter of 2016, a little stronger for some lines of business and a little weaker for others. As loss ratios for us in the industry indicate higher premium rates are most needed for commercial and personal auto policies. Our first quarter average renewal price increases for those two lines were the highest among our major lines of business. As I mentioned earlier elevated weather related catastrophe losses challenge both our commercial lines and personal line segments in the first quarter. However, our commercial line segment improved its current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe losses. We’re also satisfied with first quarter premium trends and the opportunities that our agencies continue to give us for profit growth. Our personal line segment also continue to see good growth in both middle market and high net worth premiums and we continue to see success in getting needed rate increases. Our excess and surplus lines segment continue to report outstanding results, with the first quarter 2017 combined ratio at 62.3% in steady premium growth. Underwriting results for Cincinnati Re were also outstanding with another quarter of nice premium growth and the combined ratio below 80%. For our life insurance subsidiary, while our operating revenues were flat for the first quarter of 2017 both segment profit and net income continue to rise. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio was 3.8% for the first quarter, a good start for the year. It was nice to see another quarter of rising investment portfolio valuations, augment the 1.4% contribution from operating performance. Every associate remains focused on executing our strategy and delivering excellent personalized service to each stakeholder every day. As a result, we believe that shareholders will be rewarded over time. With that, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will comment on other areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Well the insurance business will always be challenged by the weather or other forces investors, agents, associates and others can count on Cincinnati Financial to remain steady in execution of our strategy. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Carol, please open the call for the questions.
Steve Johnston: Good question, Arash. We didn’t see anything unusual, it’s been a line that we’ve given a lot of attention over the years, every area in the company has worked hard on workers’ comp and it’s just been really a profitable line for us. Things are going well and we’re taking a steady approach, so really nothing unusual.
Steve Johnston: Well, actually rates given the profitability and so forth are down a little bit in the mid-single digit range right now. But we feel in terms of where we are against targets that we’re comfortable with that is a part of the overall package.
Steve Johnston: I would say in terms of our inflation it’s been positive but we haven’t seen – I would call a big spike or anything – we have seen some things in our commercial casualty in terms of large losses that we have commented on our disclosure. But I don’t see it, in terms of necessarily being core driven or anything like that at this point, but we’ll continue as we [indiscernible] study that issue.
Steve Johnston: Yes, we write more casually than property, it would then the excess and surplus lines our average premium would be in the $6,000 range. Although we do write larger policies, we like to say we write a wide spectrum of E&S policies that are written by our agencies. In terms of the growth I just think that team has really worked hard and just having boots on the ground and getting out and visiting with agencies. And I just think they’re working hard to generate the growth and generate the looks that we’re getting.
Steve Johnston: Thanks, Josh. Yes, with the reinsurance, as we’re seeing – we seek a diversified stream of revenue, a diversified stream of income it paid-off this quarter. Well, we have a concentration of our premiums in the Midwest and we are growing in other states to diversify both things like our excess and surplus lines company, things we do in management liability, surety help to diversify our income stream. And then also we see that from what we’re doing with our small reinsurance operation. Strategically, what we tried to do is hire a small team of very talented people and use in allocated capital approach where – as you point out, it is tough in the reinsurance business. But we think as the start-up with a very talented experienced people, a low expense ratio, we can look to the part of the reinsurance distribution that we feel confident that we can make a profit in, where we can understand the risk quantitatively and qualitatively without pressure to grow we’ve been set up a separate company or anything like that or give them any targets that they had to meet in terms of growth. We just said, use your experience, your contacts get a wide look at it what’s out there and do your best to just pick the most profitable ones. And as you can see just in – I’d say it’s about seven quarters they’ve build up a bank of about $15 million in profit just going about their business in a very selective way.
Steve Johnston: We’ll take our new business, but only if we feel that it’s profitable. We don’t want to have pressure to write a certain number of contracts or certain amount of premium it’d be very selective and I don’t look at the reinsurance market there is a point estimate. I see it as a point estimate with the distribution around it and while that distribution and the point estimate is moved into softer territory, we think there are still plenty of risks within the reinsurance space. If you have talented people looking at them, bolstered by our A-plus rating that we can get good looks at business that we feel has a high propensity for profitability.
Steve Johnston: We’re fairly comfortable, we have probably a little bit of room, when we look at it is more from a bottom up by subsidiary company rather than a top down aggregate view. So there’s regulatory concerns, rating agencies et cetera, number of factors that go into it. So I mean do for all the right reasons, we are kind of getting more towards the top end of what we would be have a range but we’re not mix out at this point now.
Steve Johnston: Yes, it is mostly quarter share and it is very similar to what it has been and pretty close to an even mix in fact. I think it was 45% property this time. So, just again a good effort by the team and just scouring the market for good opportunities without really a focus on any one particular segment.
Steve Johnston: No. I think that was part of the reason that the diversification is helping and not that the reinsurance won’t be subject to – a chance to have their term with catastrophe losses, they will. They’re in a different place, and so the hope would be, that we wouldn’t – would not have the Midwestern weather at the same time, we’re trying to keep the reinsurance as best we can out of the Midwest of your convicted storm. I wanted – one check you said, I want to make sure that your question was kind of didn’t contributed all, that was minimal, but Mike’s check and see it already.
Steve Johnston: I would think it would be catastrophe losses that we had in the period that are – of the short tail nature would have an impact on that.
Steve Johnston: We’re going to have to look a little deeper into that. I don’t know that I have that number right in front in terms of the page.
Steve Johnston: Right, and I don’t have the payout of – it would be good for us to look and see what the – where we are in terms of payout of those large casualty losses as well as some of the adverse development that we saw – where those paid out during the quarter. But I don’t have that absolutely.
Steve Johnston: Current book yield all win is $451 million. And at Q1 we tend to break it out taxable was $438 million, tax-exempt $345 million. In fact of the high net worth, Arash, we were $118 million in annual premiums at year end. So we’re up a little bit from there. So dividing that by four and given a little bit of growth would give you a good estimate for your model.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Fred. As we’ve gone into California, we’ve gone in with the – our personal line segment. So far we have not seen the adverse items that you mentioned. But I do think we appreciate your input and will keep our eye on the ball and be alert for those type of things. We take input from a loyal Californian.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Carol. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Shareholders meeting, Saturday, May 6 at the Cincinnati Art Museum. And you’re also welcome to listen to our webcast at the meeting available at www.cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you.
Mike Sewell: Great. Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. My comments began with some first quarter investment highlights. First quarter 2017 was our 15th consecutive quarter of investment income growth, as it rose 3% on a pretax basis and 4% on an after-tax basis. Similar to recent quarters, both interest and dividend income contributed to growth. Our equity portfolio experience another quarter of growth in unrealized gains, up 4% to $2.4 billion, despite harvesting a $149 million of appreciated stocks. The bond portfolio pretax average yield was 4.49% for the first quarter of 2017, down 16 basis points from last year’s first quarter. Taxable bonds purchased during the first three months of 2017 had an average pretax yield of 4.38% and purchase tax-exempt bonds averaged 3.46% for a blended yield of 3.93%. Cash flow from operating activities continue to provide funds for our investment portfolio. Funds generated from net operating cash flows for the first three months of 2017 below that $136 million about half as much as of first quarter of last year. Much of that decrease was due to higher than usual catastrophe losses in recent months. We continue to wisely manage the company’s discretionary expenses including strategic investments in our business that will enhance future success. Our first quarter 2017 property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose slightly up 0.2 percentage points, compared with a year ago. Transitioning to loss reserves, we continue to experience favorable development as we apply a consistent approach to setting overall reserves. For the first three months of 2017, favorable reserve development benefited the combined ratio by 3.4 percentage points, while that was a little later than a year ago, it’s very similar to the 3.5 points we average over the past three calendar years. Favorable reserve development for the first quarter was again spread over most of our major lines of business and over several accident years including 53% for accident year 2016, 21% for accident year 2015 and 26% for 2014 and prior accident years. One item I’d like to note regarding the first quarter result was an increase in prior accident year reserves for our commercial casualty line of business. That development was heavily influenced by an increase in commercial casualty large losses of $1 million or more per claim, split about evenly between accident year 2017 and prior accident years. We decided it was prudent to increase management’s best estimate of commercial casualty reserves, even though large losses are inherently variable. As we’ve disclosed in our Critical Accounting Estimates section of our 10-K large loss activity and trends are important factors to consider. Despite the large losses and reserve increases adding an estimated underwriting expense ratio of 32 points or so to the 66.3% loss and loss expense ratio we reported, indicates a first quarter estimated commercial casualty combined ratio of under 100%. As more data becomes available for those large losses will adjust estimates reserves up or down as appropriate. Large losses also increased for some other lines of business as a total for our commercial lines insurance segment rose 103%. We study those claims routinely and determine that the five largest ones were generally from well established agencies and accounts that we’ve insured for many years. Regarding capital management, our approach and financial strength remain stable. During the first quarter, we did repurchase 200,000 shares at an average price per share of $73.35. As usual, I’ll wrap up with a summary of contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.02. Life insurance operations added $0.06. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.39. The change in unrealized gains of March 31 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value per share by $0.18. The change in unrealized gains at March 31 for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses increased book value by $0.97 and we declared $0.50 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.12 during the first quarter to a record $44.07 per share. And now I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Mike Sewell: There are certain guidelines for – this is Mike – for breaking items out as separate segments, your party has always to go and if you really look at the accounting rules one could argue that E&S according to the accounting rules wouldn’t have to be broken out as a segment. So we’re going to kind of play that by a year. I’m not sure, I would take the $40 million that was written in the first quarter and just automatically times up by $4 million. We’re going to have to kind of wait and see what the team is doing the number of deals, the different sizes of the deals. And so we’re going to be watching that assessing it each quarter, but definitely every year as we report on our 10-K. But as it certainly it’s gets a little larger even if we leave it where it is, we will try to provide additional color on that.
Mike Sewell: The deals that were abound in 2016 by quarter. I mean it was – I’m going to round it off and say it was about 20 deals per quarter, where were bound. Some higher, some lower, so we’ll look to kind of wait and see.
Mike Sewell: No, we didn’t say that. Let’s see what we got. It would probably be around $150 million, I would say $150 million to $175 million.
