Steve Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. It’s no surprise after our recent catastrophe loss announcement that our earnings for the third quarter and first nine months of this year were weak. We see evidence that our initiatives for improving profitability are working and I’ll highlight some of the key indicators. First and foremost, pricing continues to improve. Specifically, third quarter increases and average renewal pricing occurred in each property casualty segment in total and also for most lines of business within segments. For our commercial lines segment, renewal pricing moved into positive territory. Nearly three quarters of our commercial lines renewing policies had flat or higher pricing compared with the premium for the expiring term. In our excess and surplus line segment, we have experienced renewal price increases for 13 constitutive months and the rate of increase progress during the quarter to a mid single-digit range. For our September excess and surplus lines renewals, approximately 90% of policies experience price increases. For personal lines, we are beginning our third conservative year of higher home rental rates. On average, in the high single digit range and our personal auto rate changes also continued to be positive. Our level of commercial and personal pricing position continues to improve with the more thinly price risks getting significantly higher pricing. Importantly, our agents also tell us that recently they have been able more able to sell pricing increases and that our improved pricing position is a key factor along with some benefit from broad market trends. Our third quarter and nine month combined ratios are unsatisfactory. Yet, looking beyond the more unusual items, we find validation for our analysis that our pricing improvements are starting to translate into improved underwriting profitability. On the calendar year basis, the nine month combined ratio before catastrophes improved by three tens of a point. Factor out the effect of additional 2011 ceded premiums from reinstating our property, catastrophe reinsurance treaty and that improvement was 2.0 percentage points. On an accident year basis, the loss and loss expense ratio before catastrophe losses also improved after factoring out the reinstatement premiums and inherent variability of large losses. We also remain confident about the strength of our loss reserves and development patterns. Our approach is consistent, aiming to remain solidly in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range, and we believe that is important for longer term financial performance. Reserve development on prior accident years through three quarters this year continues to trend fairly consistently with our experience during full year 2010. Another positive we see, is targeted premium growth, resin premium growth again occurred across all segments, including life insurance. For our property casualty operations, agency new business is up 9% for the year, reflecting strong contributions from new agencies appointed in 2010 and 2011. Our goal is to selectively appoint 120 of the best property casualty agencies this year and areas we consider underserved. And we are all well on our way to reaching that goal by achieving 84% in the first nine months. We aim to grow selectively and profitably helping to pure growth in earnings. Excellent service particularly at the point of sale and at the time of our claim continues to be our best form of advertising. Our team of field claim associates has been a vital part of great service delivery and they have closed 90% of more than 30,000 claims this year that has stem from whether related catastrophes. We continue to execute risk management strategies, that we believe protect capital and put us in the position to profitably grow the company. One strategy worth highlighting at this time is our reinsurance program which strongly benefiting capital in earnings during this record you of storm losses. As we prepared to work with reinsurers to construct our 2012 reinsurance program, we believe we will successfully balance the risk related benefits and costs. As in the past we will consider data from internal and external models, including the AIR and RMS version 11’ as well as other company information to evaluate various potential changes to our reinsurance treaties in alternative structures. We believe our long-term relationships with our reinsurers and use of multiple data points to estimate risk will help us to effectively shape our 2012 program. I’ll now to the call over to Chief financial Officer, Mike Sewell for his comments on results during the quarter in our capital position.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Every associate in Cincinnati Financial is highly focused on successfully executing corporate department and individual goals. Restoring underwriting profitability is job number one for each of us. We are tackling it with improved pricing, loss control and expense control, as well as growth plans that incorporate risk management considerations. We are confident that will lead to future success and will benefit long-term shareholder value. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our 2011 results during the third quarter and our future opportunities to grow shareholder value. Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J. F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Mart Hollenbeck are here with Mike and me and we are all available to respond. Adrian, we’re ready for you to open up the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Mike, this is Steve. I think we can do that on the personal lines segment. I think our systems were a little bit out of head there. We know that they are there for the commercial line segment, but we don’t have a specific dollar amount they. But for the personal lines, it was about 2.8 loss ratio points on a year-to-day basis.
Steve Johnston: Well, I agree with you Mike and just I guess the only additional color at the end is that we did in addition to the dividend by $30 million in that period where we’re experiencing really record level catastrophe losses. So I think I agree with the point you’re making that we are strongly capitalized and even in such an environment are in position to repurchase shares.
Steve Johnston: And just – this is Steve, just to tie a little bit there. As we look at segmenting of the risk within comp. For those that we feel we have the highest expectation of loss with our new pricing models, we’re getting about five times the rate increases on those risk that we are on those that have the better expectation for lower losses.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Yeah, I’m with you now. And we do feel that it’s, the main point we make is that we are consistent in our reserving approach. We did increase reserves back in 2009, where we think we were ahead of the curve in terms of recognizing the workers comp could be an issue. We got our reserves up there and so now we are seeing a favorable development on that and again through a very consistent process and we’re getting in across a number of the accident years. As we look at the development, I can’t say that it’s the new years, the old years, to the extent, we get some development form the more recent year is just because there is more dollars up and an immature here. And I guess the key point to get across as we’re being consistent in our approach, we’re not playing any games to try to take out in the soft market and put it back in the hard market. It’s very consistent and systematic approach across time.
Steve Johnston: Paul, this is Steve, I’ll take – how much of the [indiscernible] is this. I don’t see in our discussion what’s the agency, a particular name to give to you. I think everybody has their own unique strategy and we have ours and I’m not aware of any particular competitors that I would call to is becoming less competitive. But I’d like to see if J. F. has [indiscernible].
Steve Johnston: Good question, the Steve. I’ll just give the number and then turn it to J. F. for the color it. We are seeing a favorable moment there and the increase in audit premium contributed about $8 million to our own premium this quarter.
Steve Johnston: I don’t think, it’s broad-based. I don’t doubt for a minute that – and we’re – as we use our three-year policy in this marketplace where there is a recognition, I think in the marketplace that rates are going to start rising. We’re taking a duel approach on our pricing, where we will offer a one-year policy price and then a much more aggressive, but that I mean a higher price on three-year policies. So I do think that the advantage we enjoy with our three-year policy will probably benefit us, as time goes on, as far as new business is concerned.
Steve Johnston: The differential between one year and three prize press is wider than normal. And, yes, I do think agencies will start trying to lock in.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you for listening to our long-term perspective, and now our agent centered business model and our investment approach build value over the long term. We look forward to speaking with you again on the fourth quarter call. Have a great day.
J. F. Scherer: Yeah. Mike, I’ll just make a little bit more color. I think, one other things in terms of the atmosphere we’re dealing with is that, as Steve mentioned in his opening comments that our agents are responding to us that they are better prepared to deliver rate increases. And that’s a bit of a shift, over the last three or four months, I think the industry in particular Cincinnati insurance with the help of our predicted modeling – integrated predicted modeling. We’ve seen agencies, be more receptive. A good example of what Steve just mentioned would be introduction of our property, liability and auto predicted models. We selected a sample of what we consider to be the most underpriced policies and which represented 3% of our policies. The loss ratio, the historical loss ratio on those policies was 116%. The 97% non-included in that group the historical loss ratio is 50%. And then to add more granularity, of the 3% of the policies that have the 116%, 30% of those accounts are loss free. So the approach that we’re taking is to identify the policies at good model and our experience tells us, we need the most rate and in a somewhat surgical approach, go to our agencies, identify those accounts that we need to be underpriced and take aggressive action. Price is an important lever, that to pull that as Steve mentioned a lot of the other initiatives that we’re in the middle of that, that we think are going to help us, are going to improve the loss ratio as well. He mentioned in claims and I’m sorry to give long wind [ph] about it, but I think this tells a bigger story. And then on workers comp claims we have a call center now, were claims are called in directly to the company. We’ve reduced in two years, less than two years the number of days between the date of loss and the date of report from 8 to 4. That’s a significant improvement that reduces our cost. We have more claims – workers claims specialist out on the field, our medical bill rate pricing is taking hold, loss control department has grown from 54 individuals to 69, so there are variety of thing that we are doing. Price being one of the important ones that we think we’re going to continue to improve the loss ratio.
J. F. Scherer: Well, on pricing, the workers comp pricing, we innovate for us, where we are having lot of success and improving in our workers comp pricing. As far as frequency is concerned, we’re continuing to see, how that Marty Mullen our, our Chief Claims Officer comment on the frequency, that’s I think pretty stable.
J. F. Scherer: Vince, this is J. F. again. I went through a couple of items just previously in terms of – particularly our worker’s comp line, where we think we have contributions on the claims and we believe that, that’s a fairly significant reason for the improvement between claims enhancements and loss control initiatives that we have in both of those lines. Those are both adding to the improvement in loss ratio, we can understate the value of the modeling that we’re using right now as well that’s guiding our underwriting to small pricing position, greater confidence to press for pricing increases on certain accounts. Three years ago, we didn’t have that tool available to us and it’s clear that that’s improving our results.
J. F. Scherer: I wouldn’t contrast national to regional. I think that’s a as just Steve described that it – the best way, I can – every single carrier is trying to be a surgical as they can. And we don’t see the carnivorous activity in the new business area. I think our agents aren’t feeling that the instance. One off extreme examples on the new business side, where there is aggressive pricings has subsided a bit. So it’s – and from our standpoint – from our standpoint, a lot of our new business activities coming from newer agencies, newer states, so that’s expected. We will expect that to happen. So I really can’t I made many, on either Paul.
J. F. Scherer: Well we – our goal this year is 120, I believe we’re at 101 through the third quarter of this year. And so – and just by way of just a little bit of commentary on that, I like to say we’ll finish the year at 121, 23 of those will be in new states. We’ve done a fairly good job in Texas, Colorado and Oregon and adding agencies there. But 78 will also come from what we would considered to be established dates but as he said in his opening remarks we consider it to be unreserved. So if you will, we be not only are expanding in the newer areas, but we’re also refreshing our agency plant is needed throughout the country.Doug Mewhirter – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. That is all my questions.
Unknown Participant: Hey, it’s probably not [indiscernible] it’s probably not necessarily that easy. But we have been looking at that and it’s – what we’ve got up there right now, there is really non-callable, so it would be a very difficult to bring that in. But we do work as we’re evaluating our capital needs, whether or not, we want to borrow long-term fund, short-term funds, or need anything. So as you heard in my prepared remarks, we did borrow somewhat on line of credit, the short term borrowing, the credit rates are very favorable for us, and we put that mainly to use with the share buybacks. So we felt that was prudent, but we’re looking at that and considering it throughout each quarter.
Unknown Participant: I guess, I don’t know what point, we were negative, kind of – I’d say, we’ve written in the present, looking forward and feeling that right now. We are getting rate in excess of loss cost trends and it is showing up in the favorable movement in our accident year comp results.
Unknown Participant: Actually I think – I hope I said, I think we are actually ahead of making ground on our rates right now, or in an access, we feel of the loss cost trends.
Unknown Participant: No, Ian, I don’t have it for the quarter. I don’t know if anybody else in the room has it. I have it on the year-to-date basis, but not for the quarter.
Unknown Participant: Yes. Let me just – the way I look at it is comparing the full year of 2010 to 2011. And I think explaining that and that’s kind of why I had the full or the year-to-date number of 2.8 on the ex-cat also from our reinstatement premiums, that’s an additional 2.4 points. And this is for the entire personal lines segment not like just homeowners.
Unknown Participant: I think, if we look in that regard is where we see that we’re. It’s been a tough year, it’s been tough year for personal lines. I think when you consider both of those factors, the reinstatement premium at 2.4 points the ex-cat whether at 2.8 points. It puts us in a pretty good position. And I think more important and again being forward-looking, as we follow these personal lines rate changes thus far, building a considerable cat load, I think it’s about 26 loss ratio points on the homeowner side. We feel we’re going to be at a run-rate where our homeowner’s rates will be sufficient to get us to 100 combined ratio on a go forward basis on a written basis. So that’s the way we’re looking at personal lines at this time.
Unknown Participant: Hold on Just a second here, I’ll get the information. So we had no other, in fact this quarter was actually a pretty decent quarter as far as new business coming from existing agencies. We had – from our established states an 8% increase in new business, the 32 of what we would call established states and then from the newer states a 19.7% increase. So we’re satisfied across-the-board, with how things are going.
