Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Overall, it was another good quarter. While weather-related catastrophes were lower than a year ago, communities across our country were impacted by hail, wind, flooding and fire. As we send our field claims associates into these communities, they shine, providing excellent service in reassuring affected families and businesses. Net income for the third quarter of 2021 fell $331 million compared with the third quarter of last year due to $457 million less benefit on an after-tax basis in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio.  Equity portfolio fair value changes have caused significant earnings volatility for several quarters recently, and net income increased $1.3 billion for the first 9 months of 2021 compared with a year ago, despite the third quarter decrease. Non-GAAP operating income for the third quarter of 2021 more than tripled, up $146 million or 232% versus a year ago, with lower catastrophe losses on an after-tax basis contributing $31 million of the increase.  Our 92.6% third quarter 2021 property casualty combined ratio was 11 percentage points better than last year, with decreased catastrophe losses this year, representing 4.1 points of the improvement. Our current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe loss effects also continued to improve and was 2.5 percentage points better than the first 9 months of 2020. Premium growth continued at a nice pace during the quarter as a strengthening economy and great relationships we enjoy with our agents helped us grow ahead of industry estimates.  Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 10% in the third quarter of 2021. We continue to focus on risk segmentation, giving our underwriters the tools they need to retain and write more profitable accounts while walking away from opportunities when we determine pricing is inadequate. Renewal pricing during the third quarter continued to be ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment. Our commercial lines insurance segment again experienced mid-single-digit percentage range estimated average renewal price increases, down slightly from the second quarter.  Our third quarter personal lines segment average renewal price increases slowed a little compared with the second quarter, including personal auto in the low-single-digit range, while the excess and surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high-single-digit range. Our commercial lines segment had an outstanding quarter with this 80.6% combined ratio improving by 21.8 percentage points compared with the third quarter a year ago and growing net written premiums by 10%.  For our personal lines segment, third quarter net written premiums grew 7% as it continued to benefit from planned expansion of high net worth business produced by our agencies. Its third quarter 2021 combined ratio was higher than a year ago, largely due to driving patterns moving towards pre-pandemic levels, increasing our personal auto loss ratio.  Personal auto still produced a small underwriting profit for the third quarter and for the first 9 months of 2021, our personal lines segment in total had an underwriting profit.  Our excess and surplus line segment produced a sub-95% combined ratio for the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year and grew third quarter net written premiums by 30%. The Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global each grew net written premiums in the third quarter of 2021. While both experienced significant losses from Hurricane Ida leading to underwriting losses for the quarter, we weren't surprised by the level of loss we saw for an event of this magnitude based on our models. Our life insurance subsidiary produced third quarter 2021 net income of $11 million and grew term life insurance earned premiums by 8%. I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. Strong operating results measured as net income before investment gains were the largest component of our VCR for both the third quarter and the first 9 months of the year. VCR through September 30, 2021, was 12.4%, already reaching our annual average target range of 10% to 13%. Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will add perspective on some other areas of our financial performance.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to demand flexibility in how we accomplish our day-to-day tasks. However, by staying focused on the steady execution of our long-term initiatives, we are able to keep producing these strong results. We have the people, the technology and the drive to continue delivering strong value for shareholders for years to come. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Grace, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Well, I would say our relationships with our regulators are good that -- as a general statement that we are doing fine and getting rate increases or just changes to our rate structure approved. There are obviously some states that are tougher than others. But I think overall, again, with good relationships with the regulators, we're in a good position vis-a-vis getting adjustments to our rating plans approved.
Steve Johnston: We certainly see the prospects. There’s social inflation. There’s the inflation of the cost and goods that we use to settle claims for cars, for houses, the supply chain issues, there could be lags in the court system and so forth. We build this all into our models. And as we look at what we see to be loss cost trends, we try to be very prospective and look forward into what we think loss cost will be in the prospective policy period that we will be ensuring and feel comfortable that we’re getting rate that is ahead of those loss cost trends in each of our segments.
Steve Johnston: We feel good, Charlie, about the sustainability of our results as we look forward with estimates of loss cost trends and pricing. And feel comfortable in making our best estimates of our reserves, and we're very optimistic for the future performance of the underwriting of the company.
Steve Johnston: I just think as we look at the environment, Mark, we see a little bit maybe -- I don’t know if you call it but a slowdown in the settlement rate there as we have claims that are taking a little bit longer to settle. And so in terms of coming up with our best estimate there, we want to recognize that, and that’s what you’re seeing.
Steve Johnston: Well, I think our actuaries, they look at a variety of methodologies. They use several methods. They look at a lot of different data points. In addition to paid losses, they'll look at case reserves, incurred losses, try to get an estimate for what we're seeing in terms of inflationary factors and set the best estimate that we can every quarter. And I think it's been a good track record now with 31 or 32 years in a row now where we've had favorable development. So we're very confident, it's an experienced team that hasn't changed over the years and feel comfortable with the estimates that they're making.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Grace. Excellent job with the call. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you -- with you again on our fourth quarter call. Have a great day.
