Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike. In concluding our prepared remarks I want to acknowledge the fourth quarter ratings upgrade by A.M. Best for our excess and surplus lines subsidiary, The Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters Insurance Company, also known as CSU. With that upgrade A.M. Best rated CSU’s financial strength with a rating of A+ Superior. Performance of our E&S company has been outstanding. For the past two years its combined ratio has been under 80%, while it has maintained double-digit premium growth. We salute our CSU team and the agents who bring us excess and surplus lines business. Also in the fourth quarter A. M. Best affirmed their strong ratings on our standard market property casualty and life insurance companies. With all of our operating segments delivering another year of strong performance, we remain confident that we can deliver long-term shareholder value for years to come. The Board of Directors demonstrated that they share that confidence by recently increasing the quarterly cash dividend to $0.48 per share setting the stage for 56 consecutive years of shareholder dividend increases by your company. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Sally, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Good questions both of them. In terms of the premium growth we think obviously growing our company is important and especially given the profitability, the level of capital that we have, growth is important to us. In terms of our goal for 2016, our net written premium is 6%. In terms of 2015, I am not sure that we have publicly announced that yet, we are working on that. But we want to continue to have strong growth. In terms of the excess and surplus lines, it was just the result of the normal consistent year-end reserve analysis that goes on. I think we always want to be prudent especially with something like excess and surplus lines and over that period of time we have been prudent in just the data, the actuaries felt, reflected the reserve release that we did during the fourth quarter, very consistent approach.
Steve Johnston: I don’t think anytime soon but just rest assured that we continue to think long-term work towards the long-term growth, we have a long-term strategy and that we are really working on strategic planning and in a more detailed approach to strategic planning than ever before with the look towards the long-term.
Steve Johnston: A good question Mark and I think it just basically came down to having a really strong year on an operating basis. We wanted to return capital to our shareholders, I think I would look at it just as kind of a right sizing of capital or a step in that direction. I think in terms of as we go forward I would just think of us being steady, the yield on our dividend now is around 3.4% I believe. I would not automatically count in another special dividend next year just because we did one this past year I think it was a special dividend and should be thought about in those regards, but we do recognize that capital management is important. And again we just set forth the results, the reserving, the balance sheet everything we would do we want to be steady and with a long-term focus. And I don’t know maybe Mike would have something to add to that.
Steve Johnston: And in fact, in New York City, Long Island, lower New York State that’s what we are doing is appointing agencies for high net worth only that will be the case in New Jersey. We are not active in commercial lines in New Jersey. We are also not active in -- and when I say not active, we are licensed to write risk there but we don’t have an agency force in New Jersey, nor do we have in California. So, in all those states those will all be high net worth only appointments.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Sally and we appreciate all of you joining us today on our call. And we look forward to speaking with you again in the coming months. Thank you very much.
