Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. As I said in my opening remarks, 2017 ended with many positives. We again achieved strong growth and accomplished a 6th year in a row of underwriting profit. We extended our record of annual dividend increases to 57 years, and we have already set the stage for a 58th year. Last week, A.M. Best recognized our capital strength and upward operating trends by affirming our A+ financial strength rating with a stable outlook and raising our issuer credit rating outlook to positive. The key to our consistent results lies with our associates, who continue to deliver outstanding service to our agents and their clients, deepening our relationships with our agents and executing on our strategies for long-term success. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jamie, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: I’m not sure, Anthony, I heard those run rates. I think that when we book a reserve, we do our best to do a consistent approach to book what we feel to be the best estimate that we have at the time, and we feel we have a good estimate. I think also, and kind of going back to my set comments, that I think to the extent we’ve seen rising trends, we’ve been able to address it and at the time when we’re – it’s still profitable. Now when we add an expected expense ratio there, we’re still under 100%. There are a lot of moving parts in there. And I think importantly, we have an agency strategy. Within that strategy, we sell most of our accounts on a package basis. Within that package, we have different lines of businesses, coverages moving in different directions. And we consider all those, look at every policy individually. And we feel confident that we’re in a position to address some of these rising trends that we see, we feel that we’ve booked them in our reserves, and we have confidence in the continuation of the profitability of the casualty line.
Steve Johnston: I’m not sure that we provide a run rate. We look at everything, and I think we gave a feeling for overall, where we think we can come in with a combined ratio in the low to mid 90s.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. And I think the taxes, the tax reform has been very good. I think it’s been most beneficial when we look at fairness. I think it’s really leveled the playing field. I think in terms of the pricing as we go forward, it comes down to elasticity of supply and demand. The perfect – in a perfectly elastic world, taxes would just flow through as another cost. I think probably the insurance industry is somewhere in the middle there. But I do think over a period of time, a portion of it certainly will pass through in terms of pricing. But I would emphasize it would be relative to where pricing would otherwise be rather than the current pricing level. We’re all in the area where there are positive loss cost trends, we’re taking rate. But I do think over time there is some elasticity in the P&C industry, and that rates will reflect that. And I think it’s a good thing because it will pass on the benefits of this tax reform to middle-class Americans. I think insurance is the quintessential middle-class product. And to the extent that the tax reform is beneficial in passing on some savings to the – to our consumers, I think it’s a good thing.
Steve Johnston: I didn’t comment on that directly, and there’s a lot of other variables that would play into that. I just think we’ll have to see how this plays out, but I do think it’s going to come down to elasticity of supply and demand. It’s a very competitive industry. As I look at television commercials, I wonder if there would even be television commercials if it wasn’t for the insurance industry. And it just is indicative of how competitive it is out there, taxes are a cost to the extent costs go down. And in a competitive environment, I think people will compete on a cost-based position. And we feel very optimistic about the impact of tax reform on our business in terms of not only directly on us in terms of tax rates but also on stimulation of business in the United States of which – that’s where we get most of our premiums from, that’s going to be good for us. The impact on our total return strategy and investing, that’s going to be good. Our investment income is going to have a positive effect and also on the underwriting results. So I think we’re just going to see how this plays out in a competitive environment.
Steve Johnston: Scott, I think it’s changing quickly enough. I would agree that it’s been beneficial. And I think even more importantly it’s – I believe it will be – it will continue to be beneficial and probably at an accelerating rate given the stimulating effect of the tax reform that we’ve had.
Steve Johnston: I think for most lines with changes in frequency and severity, in terms of our pricing, I think it’s more predictable when we focus on the loss cost trend, which is the combination of the two. And so we will try to break it down between frequency and severity. But I think we get a more stable result when we look at the long-term trend than just the overall combination or loss cost trend. And we think we’re in a position to keep pace with the loss cost trends. And from what I’ve seen from the – out of our models, they’re showing that we’re at least as adequately priced across most all of our lines. Worker’s Comp maybe an exception, but that’s at a very profitable level given the loss cost trends we’re seeing. We’re at least as adequately priced as we were a year ago.
Steve Johnston: I think for the fourth quarter, it was fairly tame. Mike is looking up the numbers, but I don’t remember that, that would be a metric that jumped off the page at me.
Steve Johnston: Yes, great question. I think that we are going about it in a very prudent and conservative manner with the focus on profitability. I feel the same way that I had commented about it last quarter. The discipline is coming through in the 1/1 renewals. If I look at what we did in terms of our property cat book, we only added three new accounts at 1/1, and we declined 49 opportunities at 1/1 due to pricing. Another area where we got growth would be what we would call new contracts on existing clients, and we had two of those. But the preponderance of the growth came from existing clients where we either had some combination of expanding shares, some rate improvement, underlying growth of the companies that we’re reinsuring. So I’m happy with the way that we’re growing. It’s very much consistent, the way we drew up the strategy. We’re executing the plan with the idea that we want to grow the bottom line more so than the focus on the top line.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Jamie. It’s just great to have everybody, and thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2018 call. Thank you.
J.F. Scherer: Anthony, this is J.F. Scherer. Yes, we’re seeing some severity. Some of the good signs we’re seeing, not only in commercial casualty but really across our entire book of business is improvement in frequency over our entire book of business. Despite the economy heating up, despite the fact that there are a lot of inexperienced and – drivers of driving cars and working in the construction industry, we think our underwriting has paid off in controlling the frequency. But there is a severity increase that we think, as Steve mentioned in his remarks, opportunity for rate increases are our most underpriced casualty part of our book of business. We think we can keep up with it.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, I think your point about the state regulatory action, the NCCI has been reducing loss cost factors for the industry, and we monitor that and use those for our rates. That is a headwind for us and for the industry. In addition to that, we’ve seen a pretty – what I would view is to be a fairly overheated market in the Worker’s Comp area, a lot of aggressive commission approaches that some companies are taking. So as we’ve talked about in the past, we’re a very conservative writer of. We have not allowed those loss cost decreases that NCCI has put through to completely go through our book of business, so we’re trying to maintain rates best we can there. I will say relative to new business, our new business writings, whatever we’re writing in new business and comp, has – we’ve been not paying a new business penalty there. In fact, it’s been more than adequately priced. So I think we’re anticipating that NCCI will continue to come out this year with lower rates, and we’re going to approach how we’ll manage our work comp – book of business conservatively as a result.
J.F. Scherer: Sure. We’re at $250 million in high net worth business now. What we’ve seen in terms of the results in our high net worth book of business is the states where we have open high net worth, our new areas of high net worth, are performing very well. Where we sell some elevated large losses in our personal lines book of business, and particularly in the high net worth, we’re in what I would have considered to be the more mass affluent part of that book of business. And with exception of one claim, in states where we’ve been active for a very long time and agencies we’ve been active for a very long time. And so we’re continuing to underwrite and re-underwrite the book of business we had on the book for some period of time. But as a general statement, very pleased with our results in high net worth, we have quality of business that we’re getting in states like downstate New York; New Jersey; Massachusetts is now open for high net worth; and in particular, California. And we’re very pleased with the quality of business we’re getting and the results we’re getting there as well.
J.F. Scherer: Scott, this is J.F. I might add to that is – and this is part of what I made reference to, is that we are also watching carefully from an underwriting standpoint. One of the things that we’ve noticed in the improving economy in discussions with agents and they with their commercial contractor policyholders is that there’s a fairly significant shortage of workers out there. We’ve talked about it in the context of drivers. There’s a driver shortage. Consequently, we have to underwrite more aggressively and closely to make certain that we’re identifying inexperienced drivers. And the same would be true for general construction work or any other work involving, let’s say, labor that would be outside younger, inexperienced workers present an additional workers comp exposure, and so we are recognizing that and also underwriting more closely to reflect that.
