Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. We faced a number of challenges in 2022 and still recorded an underwriting profit for our insurance business. That result bolsters our belief that we'll see future benefits from our efforts to continually refine pricing precision and segmentation and our efforts to expand our geographic footprint and produce -- and product offerings. When you consider our financial strength, our experienced service-oriented associates and our Premier Agency force, I'm confident we'll be able to continue delivering shareholder value far into the future. Our Board of Directors shares that confidence and expressed it by increasing our quarterly cash dividend 9% last month, setting the stage for a 63 year of rising dividend payments. So that's not just paying the dividend for 63 straight years. That sets the stage for increasing the dividend for a 63 consecutive year. We believe that's a record that can only be matched by seven other publicly traded U.S. companies. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Cole, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. This is Steve. And we do see the inflation. As we just mentioned, have had our reserves developed favorably now for 34 years. And as a part of that, we try to be very prospective as we look at how we set our reserves and our pricing and be very prudent about it. And we do think that we are in a position for our rates to keep pace and exceed inflation. And I think that comes from a combination of the pure net rates that our net rate increases I went over in my fixed part of the call here and also exposure increases that we're getting both in personal and commercial lines.
Steve Johnston: I think the combination of the two, they're both kind of intertwined in terms of the overall premium that we're able to charge. And the exposure base does contemplate to a certain degree, the inflation and building costs and so forth.
Steve Johnston: Sure, Mike. This is Steve again. And I think what we really focus on is the loss ratio points. And what we've done really over a decade or more is to model all of our losses. And what we've been able to do is to push our accident year ex-cat down over a number of years. And that puts -- and then we also have grown our balance sheet significantly. And that puts us in a position, I think, that's enviable right now as reinsurance rates rise and that we can look at what we think we're getting in terms of price adequacy on our book, as well as protection of our balance sheet through our CAT program. And so while we don't give guidance on a cat loss ratio, I think that we do feel that we're in a good position in terms of the overall in managing both our accident year ex-cat showing 34 years of favorable reserve development and also managing our cat exposure across the company.
Steve Johnston: You're right. Nothing has changed. The 95 to 100 is a longer-term target through all cycles in the low to mid-90s is what we're looking for in the shorter term for 2023.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. No, good question, and I will clarify that a bit. So I wanted to make sure to kind of put things on an apples-to-apples comparison. So this year's program 2023 goes up to $1.1 billion. And so we have moved up a bit as our equity has grown, our GAAP equity has grown, our premium has grown, we feel we are in a position to move the program up a bit, but we wanted to buy more at the top end. So to put it kind of on an apples-to-apples basis, I used a hypothetical $1.1 billion loss for both years 2023 and 2022. And you're right on for the 2023 year, we would have $542 million of exposure. So that would include the $200 million up to the attachment point plus co-participations and that compares with $499 million for 2022 -- in the 2022 program.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I have it. And you know it's interesting. We don't necessarily target a given percentage, but our 2022 full year in our inception to date are really pretty close. And for property, both from 2022 and inception to date, it's a little over 30% of the premium. For casualty, it's right in that 55% range. And for specialty, it's a little over 15% for the year in a little bit lower than that for the year-to-date, probably about 13%. So across time, it's been very consistent in that 30 plus range for property 53-ish for casualty and 15% or so for -- they didn't quite add up. I better make it get to 100%, so more like 30%, 55% and 15% across time.
Steve Johnston: No. I think it's a little early on the January 1's, but -- it's one nice thing as buyers of reinsurance, we're seeing the cost go up. It's almost like a little bit of a hedge in that we have Cincinnati Re, we've got very talented people there, very experienced people, and you see that shining through in a market like this. And they are benefiting from the firming rates and firming terms and conditions that you read about.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. That's a good point. At 13% for this year, that's the highest percentage growth in net rent premium we've had it since Insurance since 2001. And so we do recognize that there could be a slowdown. We're not predicting that necessarily or giving guidance on it, but it's possible as you point out, we want to be disciplined in our underwriting. Profit always comes first with us. And so our guidance is for a little bit less than what it was this year, but we are still very optimistic across all of our business areas in terms of the growth that we're seeing, the relationship we have with our agents, the technology we have, the models that we have, we feel very bullish about growth, but we did temper back a little bit from where we are for the full year, just to be cognizant of the points that you bring up, even though I wouldn't say that we're predicting it for sure.
Steve Johnston: Grace, I'm sure there is some of that volatility that you can see, but I also know there's a lot of hard work that's been going on in addressing property. And it predates our addressing and say umbrella, for example. And it's nice to see the hard work of our underwriters and really everybody throughout the company chipping in here in terms of underwriting, loss control, pricing. And I do think it's paying off.
Steve Johnston: Yeah. We haven't provided that any lower than at the company-wide level. And it's really because it's a big team effort. Every one of our operating areas is focused on profit improvement, and we're seeing it across the board from underwriting to claims to loss control in the pricing and underwriting part of it. We are reflecting on the property in the exposure, the increase in inflation. We are trying to reflect that. And we're also getting a pure net rate on top of that and really feel that with our accident year ex cat wood is and the underwriting that we're doing in terms of cat exposure and geographic diversification that we're in a good spot to hit the numbers that we gave in the comments.
Steve Johnston: Yes, Meyer. That is an excellent point. And I think in both areas, I think particularly in Cincinnati Re, as they have been looking at these policies, both quantitatively and qualitatively on a one-by-one basis and are in a position to react quickly to these types of opportunities, and that was part of the strategic decision at the beginning.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Cole. Excellent job, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2023 call. Have a great day.
Steve Spray: Yeah. Mike, Steve Spray. Great question. I really do think the driver is the elevated inflation effects that we're seeing. We look at -- as I've commented on the past, we look at every single large loss and just see if we can see any trends whatsoever, it still seems to be rather random in that umbrella excess line. Like we said last quarter, though, all hands on deck. The entire book needs rate. We are getting rate into the book to cover that inflation. But we underwrite every single risk on its own merits. And the vast, vast majority of the umbrella or excess policies we write. As a company, we write the underlying too. So we know the risk. We underwrite each risk, like I said, on its own merits, and we are looking at each risk, the pricing, the terms, conditions. We look at specific venues, specific fleets. So to determine how much capacity we want to put out there. So it's a -- and again, it's a risk by risk scenario that we do, but it needs -- the book needs of rate.
Steve Spray: I think it's -- again, Steve here, Mike. I think it's all of the above. I think it's exposure. I think it is rate. Steve alluded to, our retentions remain strong. You talked about our small business platform we call synergy that rollout is going extremely well. That's feedback from our agents, still pretty early in the game, but the rollout is going rapidly. We couldn't be happier with that. So we see a lot of good prospects there. Our E&S company continues to produce outstanding profitable results and strong growth. Personal lines, you see the growth there has been very, very strong as well, both on the high net worth and middle market. And I think we're confident and feel good that we're in a good position in personal lines and that we're a strong player, both middle market and now high net worth. High net worth is about 51% of our total premium. So the growth trajectory there has been extraordinary too.
Steve Spray: Yeah, Mike, Steve Spray. And it kind of goes to your prior question, too, is those average for us, the as net rate change just doesn't tell the full story and the underwriters working with our agents in segmenting the book, the tools that they have in front of them to really focus on getting rate and terms, conditions on those policies, but we feel we are probably least adequate. And then also focusing on retention of the business that's so adequately priced. That's where the rubber is really meeting the road, and that segmentation is really helping to drive those results.
Steve Spray: Hey, Meyer. I might -- this is Steve Spray, I might add, too, just because it's a great question. I think it's a great point. As our E&S company, CSU, founded and we started back in '08, gives us that kind of flexibility for our agents as well. And I think we've learned a lot as that has continued to grow to the point now where we're issuing homeowner business on an E&S basis and able to provide our agents and the policyholders they have that flexibility and capacity and solutions. And I think the same thing is going to happen for our agents as we go forward and give them -- what I'll call or I think we would call just that much more effective access to Lloyd's. So everything we develop as a company is focused on that agency strategy. And so bringing the agents more flexibility, more capabilities is certainly in the plans today and moving forward.
Steve Spray: I think it is probably a little early to tell what the 1/1 (ph) renewals and then 4/1 and 6/1, how that's going to impact quite frankly, any carriers. I'd tell you, insurance is -- for us, insurance is a local business there, and there's a lot of great regional mutual companies out there that we compete with on a day-to-day basis. It's something we do think about, but not hearing a lot of feedback yet. We've seen -- anecdotally, we've seen a couple of instances where the reinsurance, either the lack of or the costs have put pressure on some maybe a little more regional carriers, but I think it's too early to tell what the full impact will be. It's certainly something that -- it's a great question, something that we're keeping our eye on.
