Mike Sewell: Thank you, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Investment income growth continued at a rate of 8% for the third quarter of 2022, compared with the third quarter of last year. Dividend income rose 8% for the quarter. Net equity securities purchased during the first nine months of 2022 totaled $47 million. Bond interest income grew 7% in the third quarter. The pre-tax average yield of 4.08% for the fixed maturity portfolio was 2 basis points higher than a year ago. The average pre-tax yield for the total of purchase taxable and tax exempt bonds continue to rise reaching 5.39% during the third quarter of 2022. We again purchased additional fixed maturity securities with net purchases totaling $534 million during the first nine months of the year. Valuation changes for our investment portfolio during the third quarter of 2022 were unfavorable in aggregate for both our stock and bond holdings. The overall net decrease was approximately $1.2 billion before tax effects, including an additional $514 million of unrealized losses in our bond portfolio. At the end of the quarter, total investment portfolio net appreciated value was approximately $3.5 billion. The equity portfolio was in a net gain position of $4.5 billion, while the fixed maturity portfolio was in a net loss position of just under $1.1 billion. Cash flow continues to fuel growth of investment income. Cash flow from operating activities for the first nine months of 2022 generated $1.4 billion compared with $1.5 billion a year ago. Regarding expense management, we continue to apply what we see as the appropriate balance between expense control and strategic investments in our business. The third quarter 2022 property casualty underwriting expense ratio was 1.3 percentage points lower than last year. Most of the decrease was from lower accruals for profit sharing commissions for agencies. Next, I'll comment on loss reserves. We continue to use a consistent approach that targets net amounts in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range of net loss and loss expense reserves. As we do each quarter, we consider new information such as paid losses and case reserves, and then updated estimated ultimate losses and loss expenses by accident year and line of business. In the first three quarters of 2022, our net addition to reserves was $814 million already exceeding the full-year amounts for both 2021 and 2020. We think that's a strong indication of the quality of our balance sheet. During the third quarter 2022, we experienced $43 million of property casualty net favorable development on prior accident years that benefited the combined ratio by 2.4 percentage points. On an all lines basis by accident year net reserve development for the first nine months of 2022 was favorable and included $94 million for 2021, $95 million for 2020 that partially offset by unfavorable $46 million in aggregate for accident years prior to 2020. While we've recently reported significant unfavorable reserve development on prior accident years for our commercial casualty lines of business, the net $25 million for the first nine months of 2022 included $41 million for the commercial umbrella and net favorable amount was $16 million for other coverages included in commercial casualty. Moving on to briefly highlight our consistent approach to capital management, we again repurchased shares that include maintenance intended to offset shares issued through equity compensation plans. Importantly, we continue to believe we have plenty of financial flexibility and also believe that our financial strength remained in excellent shape. During the third quarter of 2022 we repurchased just under 2.1 million shares at an average price per share of $98.50. As usual, I'll conclude with a summary of third quarter contributions to book value per share. They represent the main drivers of our value creation ratio. Property casualty underwriting decreased book value by $0.12, life insurance operations increased book value $0.14. Investment income other than life insurance and net of non-insurance items added $0.42. Net investment gains and losses for the fixed income portfolio decreased book value per share by $2.58. Net investment gains and losses for the equity portfolio decreased book value by $3.46. And we declared $0.69 per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value decrease of $6.29 per share during the third quarter to $60.01 per share. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Mike Sewell: Sure. Yes. Let me -- this is Mike. Let me start and then if Steve or Steve or anyone would like to add any color. But -- for the quarter, we had favorable development of $43 million, which, as I indicated, was 2.4 points for the quarter. And I would note that for the last several years, we've been in the range of 2.5 to 5 points of favorable development. So the quarter is at the lower end of that range, but right there with the range. Unpacking it, as you described, every line had favorable development, except for the commercial casualty and then the auto for both commercial and personal. Related to the commercial casualty for the quarter that was unfavorable by $23 million, and of that number, $16 million related to commercial umbrella. And actually, for the quarter, it was -- there was some reserve strengthening for 2021 and 2020 accident year, but then the older accident years for commercial umbrella actually was favorable. That's a little bit of the opposite when you look at it on a year-to-date basis, a year-to-date basis we had $143 million of favorable development in total. Commercial casualty on a year-to-date basis was unfavorable by $25 million. When you unpack that, umbrella was unfavorable by $41 million, while all the other commercial casualty was favorable by $16 million. And then if you look at that, commercial casualty by accident year, it was favorable on a year-to-date basis for both 2021 and 2020 and then it was unfavorable for 2019 -- accident year 2019 and prior to that. I probably would also make the same comment if I think about commercial auto, personal auto, both on a year-to-date basis and a quarterly basis that was unfavorable for both of those time periods. But then when you look at the accident years, it was the unfavorable development was primarily in the 2019 and previous accident years. But it was favorable for accident year 2021 and 2020. Those are a lot of numbers I threw out and hopefully unpack that at least. But if there's any other questions or anyone else here would like to expand? Thank you.
Mike Sewell: Sure. No -- this is Mike. I would say our thought process around that really has not changed. So I also call it a maintenance buyback. Yes, you are correct for the quarter and for the year, now we've repurchased about 3.6 million shares. That's higher than the maintenance but for the current year. But if you go back and look at the last several years, it has bounced around a little bit. Just a couple of years ago, we only purchased -- we purchased 600,000 shares. So it's kind of on average, I'll say that it will cover our maintenance. If you go back to when we have some larger buybacks back in about 2007/2008, our total share count is just slightly below where we were at that time. So -- it's -- we've kind of maintained a certain level. If it's down 1 million, 2 million, 3 million shares from that time period, that's probably not very significant, when you're -- when you've got 160 million shares outstanding. So I would still call it a maintenance buyback, but it's -- we'll look at it quarter-to-quarter and may be higher, may be lower.
Mike Sewell: Well, it's something that we continue to work on. So of course, we want -- our target is to be below a 30% expense ratio. But if we're not below a 30%, because we are paying more commissions, profit sharing to agencies, that's probably a good thing overall. So I'll still take that. But we would still like to have a goal of being profitable, paying a lot of commissions and being under a 30% would be a great way to do it. And so we'll still keep working on our expenses and trying to have the increase of expenses be slower than the increase in premiums.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Our fundamentals are strong and we have an excellent book of business curated from our agencies' best accounts. We clearly communicated across the organization the steps we need to take to improve challenged areas of our business and our underwriters are focused and aligned to those goals. Our financial strength remains excellent and allows us to keep concentrating on our long-term strategies and objectives of remaining a steady insurance market and producing shareholder value far into the future. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow, and Theresa Hoffer. Anthony, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Paul, this is Steve Johnston. And I think we have a vibrant risk management process that we adhere to. We do modeling of all of the particular risks. I think we're in a very good position with our property in terms of cat-exposed pricing now. I think that they have already been -- the prices have already been going up. They will continue to go up. I think if we look at CGU, our Lloyd's Syndicate, they've been a top quartile underwriter over at Lloyd's in the last two years. Even with the cat, so far through nine months, their combined ratio is under 100, and we're seeing strong rate growth there. And at the same time, they are diversifying into lines of business outside of the property-related. I think similarly with Cincinnati Re, we've started that from scratch just several years ago. We've developed a very talented team that really looks to understand all of their risks, both quantitatively and qualitatively. And we are very bullish on the opportunity for rate that both will get as we move into the year-end renewals and into next year. So we feel good about our property in catastrophe-related exposures. I guess I would even throw in high net worth there. There's a little bit more exposure there. But we think with the type of underwriting that we do, the quality of the homes we're writing and the potential for higher rate at this point. We're very confident and bullish that we are going to get really strong rate increases in all those areas.
Steve Johnston: Well, I think our actual cat losses over the last couple of years have really not been that outsized. We've been in a position where years ago before we went into more diversification of our book a year with a heavy cat loss like this could put us over 100%, and did, if you look back to 2011 in those type of years. And now with, I think a better spread of risk; we can take body blows like this. We're still under 100% year-to-date and feel that we are bullish about the fourth quarter towards taking our streak of sub-100 combined ratios to 11 consecutive years. And I think over those, that time period, we've outperformed the industry on a combined ratio basis by about 5 points, and we've been growing at about half again the rate, this is in total, which puts us in a good position to invest well. And as you've seen with the investment income as Mike described, pre-tax up 9% year-to-date. Amongst that, dividend increase is up 13%. The equity portfolio has outperformed the S&P 500, both on a year-to-date basis and on a five-year trailing that drives our cash flow. And if you would look at our cash flow over time, it really has increased. If we would go back to 2012, our cash flow from operations was $247 million. It's increased very steadily ever since then up to about $1.1 billion in the 2016, 2017 time period up to nearly $2 billion a year ago. As Mike mentioned, we're at $1.4 billion through nine months compared to $1.5 billion. Excuse me, so that's our strategy, Paul, is we're going to grow over the long pool, as Steve mentioned, we think above the industry rate. We're going to do it with a combined ratio that is better. We're going to provide overwhelming claim service. We're going to invest well, both with our fixed income and our equity portfolio. Generate a lot of cash that we can then return to shareholders as we've done with our dividends by increasing them some 62 years in a row. We're going to continue to have a strong balance sheet as our reserves have developed favorably, I think, 33 years in a row. That's just our basic strategy over time is to steadily execute our strategy, and we think it will deliver value for our shareholders for a long time to come.
Steve Johnston: I would say that we'll see, I would very much anticipate significant rate increases. I think one thing to keep in mind to tie on to my comments, only about one-third of the Cincinnati Re written premiums, which in total are about a little bit over $0.5 billion through nine months, about one-third are property, another half are casualty and the other one-sixth specialty. So we will look across the organization very -- with a lot of scrutiny as to where we allocate capital in the property area relative to the type of pricing that we think we get on a risk-adjusted basis for the contracts and policies that are offered to us. So I think with Cincinnati Re, they're running just over 100 -- I think 103, nine or so inception to-date. And given the toughness of the reinsurance market over that period of time, yes, I'm not disappointed with that. We've been able to build a great team without really any cost to the organization and are now well-positioned, I think, as these prices firm to opportunistically and on a risk-adjusted basis, take advantage of it.
Steve Johnston: Well, great. We are going to take strong action. I think the one thing we want to point out is just to recognize that we do have inherent volatility in our umbrella book. For 2019, our paid losses for umbrella were up 80%. And then in 2018 -- 2018 and 2020, they were down 35%. So there's going to be some variability there. But we are all hands on deck and I think Steve Spray is best to describe the specifics of what we're going to do to address umbrella.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I don't have the exact frequency numbers. It was less frequency for the third quarter. I don't know that I would necessarily call it litigation as far as much as I would just say, we're getting some claims in, and we go to think about where we should set the reserve. It is just larger than -- these are larger claims than we had second quarter. It was -- we're just trying to give some color that it was more frequency-driven for commercial umbrella in the second quarter and more severity-driven in the third.
Steve Johnston: Meyer, it's a good question. I think that it is a reflection of really all types of inflation. I think that when you look at upper layers, there's a leveraged impact. And then as you go up in layers for a constant inflation rate, it has a higher impact on each layer as you go up, and I think it's generally because those claims that otherwise would have been just below the attachment point now inflate into the layer as well as the normal inflation on the layer. So I think it's something that we keep a close eye on, try to measure, try to price for, go through everything that Steve mentioned already in terms of all hands on deck from underwriting to pricing to claims to make sure that we are understanding the impacts on umbrella and also recognizing that there's volatility there, as I mentioned a little bit earlier in terms of what we've seen a variation of payments on commercial umbrella from one year to the next. There's just going to be some natural variation. But in this inflationary time period, it calls for a very much heightened sense of urgency and intensity from every area of our company.
Steve Johnston: That's part of our analysis, Meyer, and we'll be looking at that. Where we're seeing it, as Steve mentioned, in terms of geographic areas and the various limits that we write, which are generally relative, I think the most in the industry, smaller layers. But all that we need to take a look at it. It is difficult to ascertain or really specifically assign it to inflation given the inherent volatility we see in the book.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Good question. And I think for the commercial lines segment, we are in a position, as we define loss costs versus premium that we can stay ahead of the trend. We are very prospective. We're looking out into the prospective policy periods in terms of estimating how loss causes -- loss costs will rise versus the type of premium that we think we're going to get. And we think for the sector, we should be in a position to be ahead of loss costs. Obviously, some of the lines of business are more challenging than others, but I think in total that we can get there. I think really, when you look at our ex cat accident year combined ratio of 91.1%, while that's a deterioration from where it was in 2021. That was an awfully tough comp, the best accident year ex cat that we've ever put in for the full-year, it was an accident year ex cat combined ratio of 86.2%. The current 91.1% that we have relative to our accident year ex cat for every year from 2012 through 2019 is actually better than every one of those except for 2016 where we were at 90.8% so just 3 basis points lower there. So I think given where we are, given the trends that we're estimating, recognizing the challenge and that needs to be met with not only rate but underwriting and again, every aspect of every part of the company coming together to do their part to manage the loss cost lower. We feel that we're in a good position for the sector as we go into 2023.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I think it's still uncertain. I would hope that it especially given our commentary on frequency in the umbrella line decreasing here into the third quarter that it's slowing down. But that is an uncertain area that I think ourselves and really the industry in general will be keeping an eye on.
Steve Johnston: Yes, Harry, you are very astute in recognizing that. I think we have seen with the volatility in the line over time, ups and downs in terms of the performance. I would think one thing that was maybe a little bit different than now as we were seeing the paid-to-incurred ratio rising. Currently, that isn't the case. I think we're reserving more now than we were then relative to the exposure. So it's a slight difference. But to be honest, I think it's the same approach that we'll take that we did back then that worked out to be successful really in what I would consider to be not that long of a time period.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Anthony, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call.
Steve Spray: Hey, Paul, good morning. This is Steve Spray. Let me tackle the E&S piece first. And I'd say to you there, it's that book is about 90% casualty driven. It's got inherent variability in it. It's E&S casualty is a severity business and you're going to get it -- you're going to get noise from quarter-to-quarter. I think it's more meaningful to look at it over longer period and through nine months I think you can see that that book continues to perform well. The E&S Company is coming off of nine years in a row, of a 90 combined or better, and performing well through nine months, too. But I would say that similar to what we're seeing on the casualty side on the primary business, standard business, we are seeing inflation or inflationary pressures there and taking prudent reserves to recognize that also.
Steve Spray: Yes. I think its general inflation. I think its businesses getting back to normal post-COVID or post-pandemic. And I think a lot of what we're seeing in the casualty book, the inflationary pressure is primarily on that commercial umbrella line.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Good morning again, Mike. Yes, I don't want you to leave thinking that we're not taking action on the umbrella book. Like Steve said, it's a sizable book for us. It's over $500 million. We've written umbrella very well for many, many years. We've got a lot of expertise on that front. We feel very good about the line. It's performed very well. Matter of fact, from 2017 through 2021, each year our umbrella excess book was sub-80 combined each year. Definitely have inflationary pressure. You can see it, as Steve said in his remarks and then in our Q and in our release as well, the book needs rate. It's getting rate not only from specific rate increases that we're providing to the umbrella, but you're also getting lift from the underlying exposure changes as well because umbrella is priced off of your underlying general liability and your underlying auto. So we're getting lift there. We analyze every single large loss we have and look at it from a standpoint, do we see any specific trends whether it be geography, class of business segment, agency field rep. Don't see any trends there. I would tell you that our commercial umbrella is typically driven by the underlying commercial auto, meaning those underlying commercial auto losses that will pierce up into the umbrella. So like Steve said, it's all hands on deck. Its risk selection, it's pricing. And it's also looking at where we lay out the capacity, different jurisdictions, whether it be individual state, or segment of the market. So something that we've done well for a long time. We think we can -- well, not think, I know we can return it to profitability. We've taken prudent reserving here with the uncertainty that we've experienced. But like Steve said, it's all hands on deck.
Steve Spray: Yes. Well great question, Mike. Make sure I can get all that in my answer. If I don't, please give me a follow-up. But our -- we're about 50:50 now, high net worth to middle market. Our middle market business has been under pressure for several years as we have taken -- we've had to take specific rate action. And quite frankly, in some specific states, we had to be pretty aggressive. And that put our middle market personal lines growth under pressure. It's still under pressure. But we think we've seen the bottom. New business for middle market is actually up through nine months this year in personal lines. The last three years on personal auto have performed very well. We're definitely seeing the inflation pressure this year. Hence, what Steve talked about as far as the rates that we're going to be planning on getting in 2023? High net worth is performing very well. The industry for high net worth over time has outperformed middle market personal lines. The last several years have been, I think a little difficult for the industry with cat. But I think we're at the right place at the right time with personal lines. And I think the fact that we're 50:50 is unique in the market. It's differentiating. Our agents appreciate it. And we're just getting more sophisticated and more segmented in our pricing as well. So I think the outlook for personal lines going forward is really, really good as well.
Steve Spray: Meyer, this is Steve Spray. I would say, no, nothing that we saw in the third quarter, would lend us to change the structure. I think one of the good things with that is it's pretty common knowledge out there that you hear that at the new insurance market is going to harden. I think we believe we're in a really good position, relatively speaking for that. We're just in the middle of our property -- all of our reinsurance renewals now. But I think the good thing is we have performed well for our reinsurers over time. We take a long-term approach in partnership with them. And we've got the financial strength, the financial flexibility to -- if we need to take more co-participation and balance that with rate, we're in an enviable position, I think that we've got the financial strength to do that.
