Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. We are in the challenging insurance market and I'm proud of the way our associates are navigating it. We believe we are taking the necessary actions to continue delivering profitable growth through all insurance cycles. In the last month, to third-party organizations agreed. S&P affirmed our high financial strength ratings and we were also again included on the 50 list, recognizing our growth, profitability and shareholder return. We are 1 of only 4 companies named 32 times to the Property Casualty Awards 50 since the analysis began in 1991. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Solaria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Vaishnavi, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Sure. Paul, this is Steve. And actually, on a dollar basis, our IBNR did increase. It's just our premium increased a little bit faster. And I think last year, second quarter of last year, I think we've -- I think we've seen the situation with inflation and recognize the leveraged effect of inflation on higher limits and umbrella in particular and we're strong to address that last year. So I think, again, we still had more dollars added to IBNR this quarter, just slightly less on -- as a ratio of earned premium.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Good question, Greg. And I think the 2 are kind of related. I think the improvement is a result of the discipline that we're showing in pricing and underwriting and particularly in our umbrella line of business. The other side of that is, as Steve mentioned, is we are more disciplined in the market -- it makes us a little bit harder to compete on a price basis with some others that don't have that same view of risk. So I think the 2 go together and would really just -- I can't add much to Steve's earlier response in terms of how we're handling that competitive market.
Steve Johnston: Greg, this is Steve Johnston. And I think we're still where we were at the -- when we first came out with it at the first quarter, we don't think it's we think it's reasonable that we would be able to be in the low to mid-90s combined ratio, 8% growth. But we have those caveats of that the weather and the market conditions are volatile and that will play out over the second half. I think the key point is we are just very confident in the movement of the ex-cat core portion of the book. It's improving nicely and that's really our focus at this point. But again, I think we're still where we were with the information that we gave in the first quarter.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve Johnston. And it is -- it's just -- it's an execution of our business model that makes us feel good and that we are -- have great relationships with our agents. We tend to communicate and try to communicate where we are risk by risk early in the process of a renewal and just feel the execution that makes us so proud of our field people as they're out in the field, balancing discipline with being responsive to our agents' needs has boded well for us and we see it continuing to do so as we go into the second half.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Meyer, this is Steve. I don't really think so. I think we are seeing -- it's very granular. We look at it by line, by state and so forth. And so you'll see some movement in directions at a very detailed level. But -- for the most part, I think we're seeing a similar view of trends first quater to second quarter.
Steve Johnston: I think probably, Meyer, it's the growth as much as anything. There's faster growth in the Personal Line space right now.
Steve Johnston: Grace, this is Steve Johnston. I do think that just accumulation of the lower pricing over time it just does have a compounding effect. We've been very disciplined. As you can see, there have been a decrease in our writings there as we've maintained discipline over a period of time so that we feel particularly as an account underwriter that we're in a good spot overall.
Steve Johnston: I think your last point is what it is. It's been the action over the last several quarters and trying to get out early and start to address the inflation and the leveraged effect of inflation.
Steve Johnston: Well, thank you, Fred. This is Steve Johnston. And first off, I really want to thank you for your comments. It just really makes my day. It makes all of our days. You're talking to everybody here at the company. And we really appreciate your comments. I believe the number of shares outstanding is 158.6 million.
Steve Johnston: I may have transposed it. I think it's 156.8 million not -- I was going from my I was going from memory and somebody slipped a piece of paper to me here. So I apologize for the transposing the shares.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Vaishnavi and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call.
Steve Spray: Paul, Steve Spray. I would reiterate kind of what Steve said there in his closing prepared remarks, just that it's a challenging market. This business, as I've said in the past, it's local. You get various competitors in different states that just have a different view of risk. I think from my perspective, it's been more about our underwriters and our field reps just continuing to execute working with our agents on disciplined pricing and underwriting. It's profit first here or segmenting the business. But from time to time, you'll see carriers that maybe have a different view of the risk. And we've just got the tools today that we didn't have in the past to be able to be disciplined about it. And just couldn't be more proud of the team, both on the new business front, our field reps and our renewal underwriters and the way they're executing. And I would add that it's a dynamic market we're seeing it change on a daily basis. And at the end of the second quarter, we did see, I would say, the market coming more to us on the pricing side and so on new business. It's 1 month of an end of a quarter, so it may not make a trend but we did see some improvement in new business towards the tail end of the second quarter. Hopefully, that answers your question, Paul.
Steve Spray: Yes Greg, Steve Spray. On -- specifically on commercial property and personal property and homeowner, it's about 2/3 exposure, about 1/3 rate would be a good way to look at it.
Steve Spray: Yes. Over -- I think over the last '22 -- the end of '22 and prior, Mike, again, this is Steve Spray. Our combined ratio in umbrella was running around 80%. The last, like you said the last couple of years, have been challenging. It's jurisdictional. It could be state by state, it's risk by risk. And that loss ratio, like Steve said in the prepared remarks, we've been profitable here for the first half and obviously in the second quarter. We've been very deliberate about improving that line of business. And I would say, yes, we expect that loss ratio to improve from where it is today. I'll give you maybe a little bit more color on that, too. In the second quarter, our commercial umbrella net written premium was down 9 points which contributed a 2-point drag on the overall Commercial Lines net written premium. So it's been deliberate like Steve said, we got early and often with our agents to make sure that there's no surprises and work with them on pricing terms, conditions, reducing limits in some specific jurisdictions or specific risks that we think we -- that have been challenging for us.
Steve Spray: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Steve Spray again. Yes, we feel really good and are bullish about personal lines, both on the high net worth and then the middle market business. The high net worth now or what we -- Cincinnati Private Client has become about 55% of our business. I would start with the fact that the team we have, the amount of expertise that we have selectively had joined from the outside and then the long-term associates we've had in building out that expertise not only on product but on marketing, on claims. I think we have been very well received across the country by our agents. And specifically growing it in states that you mentioned where there's been quite a bit of industry disruption. And we have definitely seen quite a bit of disruption, especially for the high net worth business. And as an example, 1 way we were able to deal with that is we were able to pivot in California as a specific example and move to writing homeowners business on an excess and surplus lines basis. And I think it goes true to Cincinnati over time as we've been able to be there for our agents and be there for the policyholders in their community provide, we think, measured capacity. We are in this high net worth business for the long term. We look at everything we do over the long term. And feel like we're positioned really well to continue to grow that business and grow it profitably. We have some work to do. Inflation has impacted the entire book but we're confident in the underwriting and especially the pricing actions we've taken to improve those results.
Steve Spray: I can -- Grace, Steve Spray. I can take a shot at that. We have individual state plans, both for all lines -- for all lines and segments. But in Commercial Lines specifically and we -- the first thing we look at, I think, at every state is just the cat profile. We do believe you can underwrite and price for cat, you have to. And I would think terms, conditions percentage deductibles for cat. We've got the tools to understand what the -- what our average annual loss looks like. We price to that. So I think you're seeing improvement just because of the discipline that we've put both in the cat and the non-cat. I don't know if anybody else wants to add anything as far as numbers.
Greg Peters: I guess, I'm going to focus on -- first question would be in the commercial casualty component of your financial supplement. And if you look at the total loss and loss expense ratio really began to show some nice improvement in the second quarter. And obviously, it's a longer tail line of business. And I'm just curious -- it seems like now with the loss ratio having improved this would be a time to perhaps start writing more of that business and yet we see it moving in the opposite direction. So maybe you could -- and I know you've provided some previous comments on it, maybe you could just give us some added context.
Greg Peters: Right. I wanted to pivot just on property, whether it's inside the commercial or in the personal line space because I feel like the rate is a combination of factors, including insured to value numbers being reset. And so I'm -- when I look, for example, in your personal lines, your net written premium in homeowners up 27% in the second quarter. I'm wondering how much of that is pure rate versus actual just getting the insured to value numbers right? Or -- maybe I'm looking at this the wrong way? I don't know. It seems like a valid question though.
Greg Peters: Okay, that's helpful. I guess the final question I have -- recognizing that others are going to want to ask questions would just be before you'd previously mapped out sort of an expectation for the combined ratio for the year. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that range in the context of the second quarter results as we think about the second half of the year? That's my last question.
