Steven Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. The loss of life and destruction of property caused by a record number of tornadoes, numerous hailstorms and high winds were devastating to families and communities across the United States during the second quarter. While it’s impossible to completely fix the situation, our well-equipped claims professionals gave tremendous effort to settle claims in a prompt, courteous and professional manner and under very difficult circumstances. We handled nearly all of the claims with our own associates. Over one-third of our field claim staff from various parts of the company left home to perform additional storm duty sometimes more than once to assist in areas hit hard by second quarter catastrophes. And the claims representatives that remained at home worked extra hard to maintain high levels of service in the less affected areas. It was a total team effort and we sincerely thank them. As an example, their promptness and efficiency was demonstrated by already closing over 80% of more than 21,000 claims from second quarter storms. We are hearing positive reports from our agents and understand that the claims effort is resulting in new business being referred to our agents by satisfied customers. In terms of dollars and cents, the storms clearly hit us where we operate. The record setting catastrophe losses resulted in a second quarter combined ratio of 136.6 in an operating loss. Reflecting on this memorable quarter, our risk management efforts proved effective including prudent use of reinsurance. Despite incurring the two most costly catastrophe losses in the 60-year history of our company, each with estimated losses before reinsurance that more than doubled our largest prior event Hurricane Ike in 2008. Our shareholders equity and book value per share both increased during the first half of the year. And that was after returning $127 million to shareholders in the form of a cash dividend. We continue to execute and improve upon our risk management strategies including appropriate use of reinsurance, improved pricing, a diversified investment approach, strong loss reserves and geographic expansion. We reinstated our reinsurance program during the Second Quarter which had the effect of reducing the quarter’s earned premium by approximately $38 million. After the second event, we purchased additional third and fourth event catastrophe cover for the rest of the year. Coverage now attaches at $70 million which means our loss retention level is still relatively low. Similar to our program in effect at the beginning of the year we retained a share of losses above the attachment point and our share for the third and fourth event catastrophe cover is 15%. The second quarter storms demonstrated the benefits of our reinsurance program as our recovery of losses is now estimated at over $220 million from the April and May storms. Our diversified investment portfolio contributed gains to the balance sheet and generated higher investment income. Mike Sewell will provide additional investment detail in a couple of minutes. We continue to be confident about the strength of our loss reserves. We maintain a consistent approach and aim to remain solidly in the upper half of the actuarially estimated range which we believe is important for longer term financial performance. Another positive trend was our premium growth. It was broad based occurring in all three property casualty segments and profitable growth will help increase future earnings more rapidly. We believe there are pricing and improvement initiatives are gaining traction as the effect of higher catastrophes and the associated reinstatement premium more than explains the increase in our second quarter and first half combined ratios. We continue to rate increases in our personalized segment and our excess and surplus line segment has been able to increase rates for nine consecutive months. While commercialized renewals in total had a net average price decline estimated at 1% approximately 75% of policies were flat or had an increase in our Workers’ Compensation line experienced a solid price increase. Life insurance earned premiums also grew in the second quarter as did profit. That segment remains an important contributor to operating results and helps smooth out the naturally more variable results from property casualty operations. On May 31st, our new CFO Mike Sewell joined the team and the effects of his contributions are already being felt. Now Mike will provide some perspective on financial results and our financial position.
Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Before we move on to questions, I would like to share some observations based on my first few months as the new CEO. I’ve spoken with many of our agents and associates. They share with me a high level of confidence in the future of our company. Our efforts are concentrated on profit improvement plans that are showing early signs of success. Our tools and processes are changing but continue to embrace the principles that generated past results and will lead to profitable growth. Capital remains strong and will allow us to handle difficult circumstances that come and go while continuing to reward shareholders over the long-term. I appreciate the opportunity to give you a glimpse of the Cincinnati financial. Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J. F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Mike and me, and we are available to respond. Stephanie, we’re ready to open the call for questions.
Steven Johnston: Yes. We are conservative reservers. We’ve been conservative with all of our segments including excess and surplus lines. And we started out using more – not having our own E&S data, more data from our similar lines within our company, industry data. And this time for the first time we were actually felt comfortable using our own E&S data. And I think it showed favorable development particularly on the lost adjustment expense side. And I think it makes sense in that we tend to write lower limits in our E&S book than we do in our other lines of business which makes it have some common sense behind the favorable development that we’re seeing.Matt Warman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys.
Steven Johnston: Good question Vince. It’s timely given the quarter and I anticipate it’s a natural question. We see in terms of the quarter, we see the quarter as an income statement event. It hit our income statement hard. The balance sheet though remained largely unscathed. I think our risk management efforts kicked in. The premium surplus ratio is at 0.8 to 1 which is where it was at the end of 2010. Our book value per share is actually up $0.11 over the first half. Our leverage remains less. So as you point out, we have the balance sheet strength to continue our dividend policy. We did cover the dividend in 2010 as you mentioned the payout ratio was high. But we were able to cover it and we – given that we feel that our balance sheet has been unscathed, we still see that this quarter happened. We’re putting it behind us. We think the initiatives that we have in place to improve the operating results of the company will pay off and will put us in a position to continue on with our dividend strategy. We always have to put in the caveat that it’s a board decision. And we discuss the dividend policy with the Board actually every quarter but we feel we’re still in the same position that we were at the end of the year.
Steven Johnston: You’re right; we are continuing to roll out the predicative modeling. We have rolled it out for the personal lines. The worker’s comp has been actually rolled out for a few quarters now. It’s gaining traction. And I think that when I look at the accident years particularly with the long tail line like workers’ comp, I try to look at it over a longer period of time and we think we’re seeing improvement. If we look at the loss ratio that we had in place for the full year of 2010, this would be the accident year before catastrophes obviously catastrophes and workers’ comp that’s 106.5. For the six months we’re down to 102.3.
Steven Johnston: So we see improvement grant we would hope that it would be quicker. But I think that also some of the non-rate items that we into place in terms of claims handling, loss control, all the initiatives that we have in place take a bit of time to show up in the data. In other words, we want to be sure that what we’re seeing is real. But we have seen a lot of positive signs in terms of not only rate but the other initiatives that we have in place to improve worker’s comp. And I don’t know if maybe J.F, Marty, Mike, anybody else wants to chip in anything else on that.
Steven Johnston: Josh, this is Steve. Actually I want to make one comment before I jump into the loss trend. Just to make sure to point out, and I’m sure you’ve seen it that we had had favorable development on prior years during the first half of 16.9 loss ratio points. That is consistent with the 12.6 points of favorable development we had at year end 2010 and so I always like to point out when we look at the accident year that we’re consistent in our reserving practices as we have favorable development on the prior years keep in mind that we are being consistently conservative on our pick for the current accent year, such that our reserve margin in total we can keep consistent from the beginning of the period to the end of the period for all accident years.
Steven Johnston: And then in terms of the trend, our trends of late have been benign. I think we may have been early on to adjust the trends that we saw back in 2009. Our reserving systems which I think are pretty state of the art kicked out what we thought to be some increasing trends. We took strong action in 2009 if I remember right we added about $49 million in reserves in 2009. Since then, since we made that change, it’s been pretty stable. I think we’ve seen a decrease in frequency, an increase in severity that’s been pretty benign, such that our loss cost trend has been consistently benign of late.
Steven Johnston: Yes. And then one other thing to consider and I agree 100% with what J.F. said, with the catastrophe losses happening, we’ve had reinstatement premiums that we paid. We touched on 38 million for the quarter and so that is going to be allocated to lines where the actual catastrophe losses were incurred and so the specialty packages is going to get a proportionate share based on their losses of the reinstatement premium allocated and that is going to have a negative impact on the premiums.
Steven Johnston: Yes.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then some of the other competitors that have mentioned a lot of non-cat related weather losses. I’m just wondering if you saw that same sort of impact. I didn’t really see much mention in the release about that.
Steven Johnston: Well, we write ENS, and this is a point to be made only new Cincinnati company agents. We do not use wholesaler market. So it’s only appointed Cincinnati insurance agents that write through us. I think it’s worth mentioning also that the premium and losses from excess and surplus lines business is included in or co-mingled with the premiums and losses with their standard business for purposes of the profit sharing we offer to our agencies. So in addition to the incentive of writing business with us because there is no middle person involved, because our field claims reps will handle claims because our loss control reps will provide lost control services where none is available in the standard excess and surplus lines marketplace. The agency also has an opportunity to earn profit on that business which is an incentive for them not to put poor excess and surplus lines business with us but to be more careful and thoughtful about the business they send our way. So we think we have a fine model. We do business only with the agencies with whom we have a relationship and we have good knowledge. And so having said that and given the opportunity that exists within our own agencies, we think we can keep our appetite about where it is and grow nicely.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Market: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Steven Johnston: No, Paul. That’s a good point and I probably should have addressed it. You’re absolutely right. We can’t and I didn’t want to suggest that we weren’t doing you know taking corrective actions within our current operating territories. We are taking rate. We’re trying to get rate add adequacy. We’re trying to get the most rate on those policies that we think have the highest expectation for future losses. I think a lot of our activity has taken place in coastal states. We’ve done a good job in Florida over the past three years or so of reducing our exposure down there such that our average annual loss from hurricane, the expected value of that has dropped from 13.6 million a year to three. We’ve taken similar action in Mobile, Alabama, Savannah. We’ve taken rate in our current states that we operate in so it has to be a total effort. And I should have given that more full description when I was talking about the geographic expansion.
Steven Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Stephanie. There was a memorable quarter one we hope we never do again. I do think our claims adjustors did a phenomenal job, both in their service and their estimates. In our preannouncement, we estimated that we would have catastrophe losses for April and May between $240 million and $290 million. And it’s actually come in right at that midpoint so not only in terms of service but in terms of the accuracy, a big complement to our claims adjustors. So I thank all of you for your participation and we look forward to speaking with you at our next call if not before, thank you.
J.F. Scherer: Steve, I guess to me that covers it. I think there are some questions relative to property and in particular there have been questions to property increases in the affected areas Steve mentioned in homeowners we’ve been able to refile there. In the commercial lines area just add some color to that. It might stand to reason that because of the significant catastrophes and in the Tuscaloosa area and Joplin area, places like that, that property increases would be quick and easy to get. The psychology that we experienced there though is that the policy holders in those areas are still if you will traumatized by what happened to them. They are in many cases, a lot of the property that we insure or they have insured isn’t fixed yet or having difficulties getting contractors to take care of a lot of that type of thing. So the psychology of going back to those people right now and in effect saying that we have another property loss for you in the form of an additional premium or increased rates in property isn’t as easy as you might think. However, having said that, I think that’s temporary in the sense that once the trauma is passed, once people are back on their feet, everyone will expect that rates will go up and we think we’ll be able to get those rates as the months go on.Matt Warman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. And then next question on your reinsurance plan, you guys historically have had a very conservative plan in place. Obviously with the recent weather over the last couple years and this quarter in particular, any thoughts kind of after this year, going forward sort of restructuring that plan at all.
J.F. Scherer: This is J.F. relative to the new areas we’ve had the good fortune as we opened up new states or expanded the new territories to do so with experienced field reps. In all of those areas fortunately for us the reputation of our company precedes us. Agencies want to do business with us. There is a more deliberate effort on their part to build a profitable book of business with Cincinnati Insurance Company for no other reason. If they do that then they’re less apt to appoint their competitor so they protect us from the beginning of the relationship. And because it’s important that we achieve success together, I think they give us a bit more attention than they might other carriers. Having said that, and we do measure the loss ratios we’re seeing in newer areas and on a trended basis, we’re actually seeing that those loss ratios are more profitable than existing areas. So we think we continue to do it right and that we don’t explode on to the scene in any of these states. We take a very long-term approach right from the very beginning. And we have been successful in all of the new states where we’ve entered.
J.F. Scherer: No. I think you covered it fair I think we’re pretty happy with the traction we’re getting. The new business that we are writing in comp as a result of the models are coming in at more favorable modeled scores than in the past. So we think we’re laying the ground work for success in the future in that regard. So I think all of the initiatives we have going in worker’s comp are showing good progress. Our loss ratios in the other lines property, casualty and auto have been pretty stable. They actually are pretty good. We’re very happy with what we’re seeing with the new model though it’s been in test we’re going to roll it out to all of our field underwriters in August as well as all of our HQ underwriters. So the experience we’ve had with workers’ comp, the implementation of it as another tool for underwriting I think has been beneficial for us and we have a lot of confidence that the modeling that we’re going to be doing on the balance of the book of business will make a contribution too.
J.F. Scherer: Vince this is J.F. we do have efforts where we in particular in the work site marketing payroll deduction life insurance side where we exchange information about commercial accounts that we write on the property and casualty side with life company to try to take advantage of writing more life insurance particularly on a voluntary basis. We have many property and casualty agencies as they grow larger, as they see particularly with the soft market on the property and casualty side they’ve been much more open to other revenue strings. They’re putting life insurance specialists in their agencies. Frankly we have good luck with general agencies. Life only shops in the communities in which we operate as well. About 70% of our premiums come from property and casualty distribution the balance from life only distribution. So we have many initiatives in place in try to bolster the life company’s activities. We probably see a fair amount more agency appointments in that area and a bit more cross selling.
