Mike Sewell: Thank you Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our first quarter 2013 value creation ratio was 7.0% including a 5.8% contribution from the change in book value per share plus 1.2% from our dividend to shareholders and was well ahead of last year’s first quarter. The dividend payout ratio for the first quarter was below 50% and was 15 percentage points less than the full year annual average since 2002. The stock portfolio grew during the first quarter with pretax net unrealized gains up $381 million to $1.4 billion. This quarter end fair value represented 29% of invested assets. The bond portfolios pretax unrealized gains declined $25 million during the quarter. Our company continues to benefit from its equity investing strategy during periods when investment income is pressured by the low interest rate environment. Dividend income was up 4% for the quarter despite accelerated dividends received in the fourth quarter of last year that we normally would have received in the first quarter. Of the 50 companies we held in our core common stock portfolio at March 31, 2013 46 have increased their dividend rate in the past 12 months, we also continue to invest new money in that portfolio helping to offset declining bond portfolio yields. Yields for our bond portfolio continue to move lower as its first quarter 2013 pretax yield of 4.93% fell 27 basis points from a year ago that contributed to a 4% first quarter decline in interest income. Our bond portfolios effective duration measured 4.2 years at the end of the quarter unchanged from the end of last year. Cash flow from operating activities continues to benefit investment income and contributed to a $102 million in net purchases of securities during the quarter. Compared to a year ago first quarter consolidated net operating cash flow was lower mainly due to higher payments for income taxes and profit sharing with agencies. Careful management of expenses continues to be a priority, our first quarter property casualty underwriting expense ratio rose 0.6 percentage points primarily due to higher commissions to agents. Our financial strength and liquidity remained at healthy levels. We had over 1.3 billion in cash and marketable securities at the parent company level up 14% from the end of last year. Our premiums to surplus ratio remained at 0.9 to 1 a reflection of our capacity to support continued premium growth in our insurance segments in addition to capacity for other capital needs. I will conclude my prepared comments by summarizing the contributions during the first quarter to book value per share. Property casualty underwriting increased book value by $0.31, life insurance operations added $0.08, investment income other than life insurance was reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.38. The change in unrealized gains of March 31 for the fixed income portfolio net of realized gains and losses lower book value per share by $0.09. The change in unrealized gains at March 31, for the equity portfolio net of realized gains and losses boasted book value by $1.66 and we paid 40 and three quarter cents per share in dividends to shareholders. The net effect was a book value increase of $1.93 during the first quarter to $35.41 per share. With that I will turn the call back over to Steve.
Mike Sewell: That would basically fall to the bottom-line because we have already incurred the losses. So that has been a very positive for us over the last so many quarters.
Mike Sewell: And part of that is premium growth leverage, you’re exactly right. As we grow the top-line there that will have a natural effect to bring down the expense ratio. We’re controlling expenses, one of the I can say the problems that we have but as we have more income, more profitable a lower combined ratio the offsetting effect of that is that our profit sharing for the agents tends to go up and so that works against us. So the commission side is a very large item and that’s really what affected the increase for the current year. We do have a lot of initiatives are going on that are also helping to reduce our loss and expense ratio. So we’re controlling those, we watch them we have got an expense committee, a head count committee and we’re committed to drive it down to the 30 but it's a good problem to have with the profit sharing to the agents.
Mike Sewell: What we had there is on some of the smaller lines there we were refining a little bit of the reserving process between gap and stock reserves and so that was under a $4 million effect on the total net income. So it was a minor item but it was a refinement of our reserves.
Mike Sewell: I would put as a one time, there may be smaller ones in the future but if you were to adjust let’s say that refinement out of 2013 and out of 2012 first quarter and then kind of come to maybe what I will call it core adjusted. We would end up actually with about a 24.4% increase in net income when you adjust those out so that might help you out go from call it may be 7.8 million to 9.7 million for the current quarter. So hopefully that would help you in your analysis.
Mike Sewell: I don’t think half of our new business is coming from $50,000 premium, half of the increase comes from the larger accounts but as far as the strategy is concerned no we haven't appointed agencies with the idea of writing larger accounts. The strategy continues to be the same, we expect as a company to write by our definitions continue to write small to mid-size accounts. Our definition of medium would be from 10,000 to 150,000 or there about. We write our share of larger accounts, large and larger for us I would call perhaps in the $50,000 range and higher. One thing that we have done though and Steve referred to in his remarks was that we have progressed quite a bit in the lost control area; we have also done a much better job in claim specialization. Consequently agencies had greater confidence in us to write these larger accounts. They are still on awful lot of accounts out in the marketplace right now being shopped. Many carriers continue to describe very publically that they are going to get substantial rate increases on their renewals that provokes agencies to shop their accounts to protect themselves, I think we have done a good job of reinforcing to our agencies that we’re a consistent market and that in addition to rate claim service and loss control our pricing is consistent. So it hasn’t been a specific strategy to increase larger accounts, it's just evolved to that.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. The moment we’re building is encouraging and our progress is being recognized. Forbes recently issued this list of America’s most trustworthy companies where we’re again the top performing large cap insurance company. The year ahead of us still has plenty of challenges. We will continually seek to improve our performance while fulfilling our insurance promises to policy holders and providing outstanding service to agents. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you through the year. As a remainder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr.; Ken Stecher; JF Scherer; Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Brad we’re ready to open up the line for questions.
Steve Johnston: We don’t track that for all lines. I mean we could track it for certain personalized and so forth. I do think though to your point that it's just kind of natural that when we do have high catastrophe losses what we will have more what you call non-cat weather it's just because there are losses in the region that may not fall into that particular cat but their weather losses nonetheless. So I would think this is more of an opinion than something I can back-up with a fact because we don’t keep up for all lines but I do think that there would be a benefit because we had lower cats that would naturally fall, that they would be less non-cat weather as well.
Steve Johnston: First of all on our renewals for our E&S business we have had 31 consecutive months now where we have great increases and they have actually risen for us. So relative to our book of business the business that’s renewing we’re continuing to get strong pricing increases. One thing that we’re seeing and in particular on larger E&S accounts is that there has been a fair number of standard market carriers that have taken business out of the E&S side for us. So it's I guess somewhat of surprising circumstance but I say in terms of how we size up how things are being going on E&S side. Good progress on renewals, still some competition relative to some larger accounts are being taken out of the E&S market. The model for us continues to work nicely. We’re still having good experience working with our agencies and writing more E&S business from them so we still feel very good about how things are going for us.
Steve Johnston: I will go ahead and take the first shot at that Ian, the short answer is no and we have studied that. We feel that the production of the new agents is of high quality and in particular of our new business whether it's coming from more recently appointed agents or more mature agents. We feel that the new business premium that we’re getting is adequately priced in we’re confident that throughout the various appointment periods.
Steve Johnston: Well that’s a good question and that is one that we specifically study so it's very insightful. As we look at what we’re getting in price versus what we see in the lost trends, we have seen a favorable trend there where we feel we’re getting rates over and above lost cost trend which I think supports the decreasing trend. I think as we do look back at the prior year’s we’re taking I think a prudent view of particularly given the growth, given this as your point out that there is a turning point and with consistent improvement in the results I think we’re being prudent to not release the IBNR on the prior year’s consistent with what we’re seeing in our accident year picks.
Steve Johnston: That’s a great point in one we debate but I think the overwriting factor is what we see in terms of the improvement, in terms of the price versus what we’re doing and the underwriting loss control all the other elements we think it justifies the pick that we have for the current accident year. And that’s the overwriting factor there.
Steve Johnston: It's the same overall trend and I do think we had a little bit higher in terms of large losses. I think that it's a severity or something that we’re keeping a close eye on there and I do think, I made the statement that overall our case incurred emergence in the first quarter was very much equal to first quarter year ago, I think personal auto might have been one exception there where we did see a bit more emergence this first quarter than we had seen the first quarter of 2012. So we’re kind of reflecting that as well.
Steve Johnston: I think your question is very intuitive, very spot on and we have been seen the improvement in the price, we do think that the losses have been benefited from some of the action we’re taking. We do see, we think favorable movement in terms of the non-cat weather and we do, we built 26 points of catastrophe, expected catastrophe losses into our home owners pricing. So, we’re shooting for pretty low ex-cat loss ratios.
Steve Johnston: Thank you very much Brad and thanks all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Shareholder’s Meeting tomorrow at the Cincinnati Art Museum, others are welcomed to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors and we look forward to speaking with you again at our second quarter call. Thank you.
JF Scherer: I would say nothing surprising coming from agencies, I think we’re always anxious to hear about pricing and how agencies feel about the industry overall, industry and their agency if you will and how comfortable they feel we’re delivering rate increases and we upto this point we have four more meetings to go of the 19 we have attended, it's been consistent that they are comfortable with the approach we’re taking that rates are up and pricing is up. A lot of discussions about particularly in win proven areas about the use of higher deductibles, percentage deductibles, wind and hail deductibles or something that we’re focusing on a lot and there is a generally consistent comment from everyone that we’re going to be able to implement some of those initiatives. So I wouldn’t say that there has been anything at all surprising this spring that relative to the types of things we have talked about on previous calls and what is in general happening in the marketplace.
JF Scherer: We have really consistent pricing for example in the commercial fire area we were in the low end of the double digit increases on our small to medium size accounts in the fourth quarter of last year, it's been sustained this year as well. And pretty level net rate changes and casualty and auto as well. So we haven’t seen a change up or down, it's been very consistent trending a little up.
JF Scherer: We’re not renewing a huge percentage of that business. I think and I don’t have the exact numbers with me but I think something into the turnaround 6% of the property we think has been inspected on home owner side. We have non-renewed gotten rid of them in some fashion and awful lot of what we find our things where we have increased the premium because the policy wasn’t rated correctly it wasn’t in the right protection class. There might have been for example in personal lines it would burn in stove (ph) for which we have a surcharge, a variety of different ways that premium has been increased which improves the margins but even at 6% I think that’s a reassuring amount of that we’re finding properties that have deteriorating since we first wrote them and we’re going to be getting off of them. Another area of inspection that has paid off has been in terms of rough conditions where we discover in some cases dwells in that (inaudible) is much older than we anticipated. We’re using an actual cash value endorsement for example and those houses that we would choose to stay on are in poor condition. So we’re at really attacking it from a whole variety of directions on the inspection initiatives feeling very good about the return we’re getting.
JF Scherer: At this point I don’t necessarily think so. One of the things that we feel better about I think a little more encouraged about is that we’re coming off a couple of years a pretty strong agency appointments. We have talked to all of our agencies throughout the country about the aspirations we have to grow premiums in their areas. In more cases than perhaps we would have planned for our current agency force is responding a bit better, the alternative being that we would point another agency and their general community and they prefer us not to do that. So right now I don’t believe that we would go much higher than the 65, I think we’re getting obviously good new business out of our agency force in general. And so I think I still plan on 65.
