Steve Johnston: Thank you Ken. During the first quarter we continued to increase shareholder value. Our primary financial measure, the value creation ratio, was 3.4%. on an annualized basis that falls within our target range of 12-15%.  Breaking down the value creation ratio, book value per share increased by 2.1% and our dividend to shareholders contributed 1.3% with those two totaling to 3.4%. The first quarter combined ratio while an improvement over the first quarter of 2009 was an unprofitable 102.6. Catastrophes contributed 2.1 loss ratio points during the quarter and that number includes one point of favorable reserve development on prior year’s catastrophe losses.  Total property and casualty reserves of prior accident years developed favorably benefiting the first quarter loss ratio by 5.6 points. Our reserving philosophy remains unchanged. We continue to target total reserves in the upper half of the actuarial range. The underwriting expense ratio for the quarter increased to 35.6 from 33.3% a year ago and calls for some discussion. The increase was due to a combination of both higher expenses and decreasing earned premiums. The main areas of higher expense include provisions for matters involving prior years related to Note [9] Commitments and Contingent Liabilities as described in our 10Q and also technology related costs.  We continue to invest in technology to increase the ease of doing business for our agency partners, improve our pricing precision and improve productivity. In terms of specific initiatives we deployed an upgrade to our Diamond Personalized Processing System to all states on February 1. We continue the rollout of our e-class commercial lines processing systems which started with 11 states in 2009 and was planned to go live in another 19 states during 2010.  We also continue to develop more accurate rating plans. We implemented predictive modeling for Homeowners and Worker’s Compensation in the second half of 2008 and in 2009 and we have plans for personal auto in the third quarter of 2010 to be followed by the remaining commercial lines. In January we established a Worker’s Compensation Claims Reporting Center to more efficiently handle Worker’s Compensation claims and contain costs.  We are investing in additional loss control associates which we believe will result in better service for our agency partners and lower loss costs. With all of these investments we expect the expense ratio run rate for the remainder of 2010 to be in the 33-34% range.  Now for some details on investments. Pre-tax investment income increased by 5% to $130 million for the first quarter of this year. Pre-tax realized capital gains contributed $8 million. Also during the quarter we closed out a couple of items that we inherited in the third quarter of 2008 at the height of the financial crisis. We sold the remaining $36 million of collateralized mortgage obligations that we received when we terminated our securities lending program. While we realized a $12 million loss on the sale of the CMOs they had recovered to well above their lows and we feel the action reduces risk in our investment portfolio.  We also received the final payment of $5 million from the previously frozen primary reserve money market funds which generated a $1 million capital gain from the previously impaired level. Overall, the pre-tax unrealized gain in the investment portfolio increased by $149 million in the quarter to nearly $1.2 billion with the equity portfolio contributing approximately $64 million of the increase and the fixed income portfolio contributing approximately $85 million.  Liquidity, the balance sheet and our overall financial condition remain very strong putting us in a solid position to grow profitably. The P&C premium to surplus ration stands at a conservative 0.8 to 1 with property and casualty statutory surplus growing by $44 million during the quarter and that is net of a $50 million dividend to the holding company. At the holding company level we have approximately $1 billion in cash and marketable securities.  Summing everything up the contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows; Property and casualty underwriting loss subtracted $0.07. Life insurance operations contributed $0.05. Investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance expenses netted to $0.40. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains on investments netted $0.63 and we paid to our shareholders $0.395 per share in dividends. The net effect for the first quarter was an increase in book value per share of $0.61 or 2.1%.  The value creation ratio which factors in both growth in book value and dividend contribution finished the quarter at 3.4% and builds on the full-year 2009 BCR of 19.7%.  That concludes my prepared comments. I will turn it back over to you, Ken. 
Steve Johnston: That is a good question. I think it boils down to what we have been seeing in the casualty line and Worker’s Comp for that matter but in the casualty line in terms of audit premium. With audit premium going down it is kind of an indication that exposure was less in those more recent accident years than one would have anticipated at the time. So I think I can see on the one side where there could be some concern reserves might be being released too early but I think it is really a reflection of just lower than anticipated exposure during the period. Again, an emphasis of our comment we are very consistent in our reserving practices and haven’t done anything different in terms of our practice over that period of time. 
Steve Johnston: I think that is right. I guess I am trying to emphasize we didn’t pull reserves out for any other reasons than different pick from our actuaries based on their view of the exposure and with that exposure has turned out to be less at audit than it was going into policy period. 
Steve Johnston: I think it is a combination of where is our earned premium going to go and you appropriately referenced the market. So there is some uncertainty there. Also I think we have some technology roll outs and investment. We are seeing the pay back on that on the personal lines already I think in terms of growth and lowering of the loss ratio. Maybe I will just get to the point here. I think the expense discussion this quarter is a tougher one. We had an increase in our contingent liability reserve this quarter from a matter several years ago. It is a legal matter affecting personal lines. We think it is nonrecurring so I think you will appreciate the sensitivity of the issue and I can’t give you any more detail on that one event.  So we have this one-time expense in there. I didn’t want anybody walking away thinking that explained everything. We do have the technology investments that we are seeing payback on. Our premiums are down. So I thought the best way to communicate that is to give the run rate we think for the full-year and that is the 33-34% range. I didn’t want anybody coming away from the call thinking we had a one-time event and our 32.8% last year would hold up because as you mentioned we have had some pressure on the premium side and I think we are making some very appropriate investments in our technology. 
Steve Johnston: I think we are seeing a little bit of both. I think we are seeing the audit pressure but I also think prudently as we manage the results on that line and start to deploy our predictive modeling we are I think seeing some premium decrease there in Worker’s Comp is a positive. We are just now rolling out the predictive modeling. I saw some of the first reports on retention by [inaudible] and it looks like our [inaudible] management is effective in that we saw the retention on the poorer modeled risks lower than the retention on the better modeled risks but with a recent deployment in a long-tail line like that I think it is probably too premature to get into exactly the impact on the loss ratio yet. I do think the premium going down is a combination of the audits and more prudent underwriting. 
Steve Johnston: We partnered with consultants on most all of our predictive modeling. We have been also staffing up on our actuarial department internally and see it as a partnership. We see the value though in the consultants that are doing this 100% of their time. 
Steve Johnston: It was across the board. In terms of dollar sit was down around $9 million or favorable development of $9 million. We saw minus 5 from accident years 2007 through 2008 and minus five from accident years prior to 2007. 
Ken Stecher: Thanks Steve. Before we begin the question and answer session let me remind shareholders about our annual shareholder meeting on May at the Cincinnati Art Museum. The meeting is generally attended by most of our directors and senior officers and this year that will include a couple of new faces.  Linda Clement-Holmes was just appointed as a Director in January. She brings a great deal of executive experience in the technology area. John Kellington, our new Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer also has a great track record and broad knowledge of insurance technologies. We are pleased to have them both on board and multiplying our efforts to make it easier for agencies to do business with us. We are fortunate to have many talented board members and company leaders devoted to the success of Cincinnati Financial Corporation and the Cincinnati Insurance companies.  We thank investors and shareholders for supporting the good work they do. To address investor questions, Jack Schiff Jr., J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Martin Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me and we are all available to respond. Operator, we are ready for questions. 
Ken Stecher: If I can just add a little more to what J.F. said, we think we have quite a few states we have been in for quite a few years that our market share in that state is less than 1%. As we deliver the technology we are going to try and focus on increasing that market share. We are not going get anywhere near like we have in Ohio with approximately 5% but if we bring those states up to 1% or possible between 1-2% I think it gives us a lot of opportunity for growth. As J.F. said we will continue to look at the new states but we don’t believe we have to make that move at this time. We have other opportunities. 
Ken Stecher: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. 
J.F. Scherer: It is especially competitive on the new business side. We have to pick and choose. What we continue to see is particularly on larger accounts very, very aggressive pricing across the board really. In terms of quantifying it last year versus this year it is a little tough because exposures continue to be down a bit. We are seeing much difference between the renewal pricing stability we are starting to see and what it takes to write a new piece of business.  As we go to new states what we find compared to existing states is a larger percentage of the new business we write are in accounts that are controlled by agencies. When we make an agency appointment there is a more deliberate effort on the part of the agency to do business with Cincinnati. We tend to get a look at their current book of business where there is more control and you don’t have to go out into the marketplace and compete against everyone for the new business.  We are, as we have reported doing well in Texas, New Mexico and Colorado and the newer states. Not quite as price sensitive as the priced new business as it would be in some of our more established states where the new business tends to be new to the agency as well. 
J.F. Scherer: I think as far as loss trends I couldn’t give you a specific on that but as far as Texas and a variety of the newer states are concerned as far as the loss activity we have seen we are pleased with what we are seeing. We are seeing very good accounts, seasoned accounts for the agencies. Accounts they know the history. So we are not seeing anything surprising at all in that area. Actually in Texas, I might add, our excess and surplus lines company has been well received there as well. So we are pleased with the activity levels. 
J.F. Scherer: In personal lines certainly it is a combination of improved technology we rolled out and perfecting the pricing modeling together with that. We are where we want to be. In the ballpark. Not the lowest on the street but in the ballpark on pricing. We weren’t for several years and our current agencies along with agencies in newer areas out west, North Carolina and several other new states where they have been very pleased with their relationship with us like our claims service have really given us a lot of opportunity in the personal lines area.  On the commercial lines side as I mentioned earlier it is much tougher on the larger accounts. Maybe to add a little color, the new business for us in property was up 22.5% in the quarter. Policies were up 9.1% and casualty we were up 3.5% in policies but down 2.1% in new business premiums. The big issue for us in terms of affecting our new business growth was Worker’s Comp. We were down 41% in new business in Worker’s Comp but down 20.7% in new policies in comp.  So we are seeing in the market place we are more comfortable operating in the sub-$100,000 size of accounts. We continue to have some success in that area. It is a bit reckless if you will in terms of pricing of new business at the upper end. We are just having an increasing number of situations where we won’t go there because it doesn’t make sense. In terms of victories and in terms of effectiveness with our agencies, in terms of the numbers of new business policies we are writing for our agencies in that middle area, especially $10,000 to $100,000 range we find ourselves being effective.  I think our agencies appreciate that. We are defending our position and our agencies in terms of our preferred position and doing what we can to pick off appropriately priced larger accounts. Maybe that is more than you asked for but maybe it is a bit of a picture of what we are facing. 
J.F. Scherer: California is from a population standpoint the only meaningful state we are not in. We are in 37 states now. Oregon and Connecticut will raise that to 39. California is a bit down on the list currently in terms of a place to activate. We are examining in every single state market share. We think we have a lot of opportunities in all states. Certainly in the Midwest because of economic pressures in the Midwest; Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Illinois, not so much in terms of near-term opportunities but we have tremendous opportunities we think in a variety of states including Texas.  We do have teams of people that examine every single state and California is not being ignored. We think with what we have on the drawing boards right now competing for a larger share of our agencies books of business, the improvements we have made in personal lines. Our excess and surplus lines company is doing well. Our target markets division is getting up and running. We are satisfied right now we have enough on our plate with states we are in and are going to enter into next year and this year to keep us busy. 
