Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. We posted a strong first quarter with nice premium growth, and most importantly, we grew profitably. Investment performance was also strong and we more than covered our dividend with operating earnings, allowing us to grow book value. Previously announced catastrophe losses at 11.1 loss ratio points were more than three times higher than our long-term average for the first quarter, and yet we produced an underwriting profit with a 99.1% combined ratio. We continue to earn higher pricing and healthy level of premium growth in all of our property casualty segments. In our Life Insurance segments, earned premiums rose at a double-digit pace during the first quarter. Our ability to deliver more precise pricing through analytics and our strong underwriting combined with more favorable market conditions also continue to give us confidence that our premium growth meets our criteria for profitability. Commercial Lines renewal pricing was a notch above what we experienced in the fourth quarter, with an overall average increase in the low to mid-single-digit range. Workers compensation led the way with just over a 10% increase in our smaller commercial property policies that renewed during the first quarter were in the high single-digit range. For our Excess and Surplus line segment, renewal prices increased for the 19th consecutive month and were up in the high single-digit range for the first quarter. Our Personal Lines business is also benefiting from rate increases over successive years and renewal premiums rose 12% in the first quarter. Policy retention continues to remain steady for each of our property casualty segments and new businesses continuing is contributing to premium growth. New business premiums rose 6% with the more newly appointed agencies driving that growth. Our goal for new agency appointments during 2012 is 130 and we appointed 56 new agencies in the first quarter. That puts us at over 40% of the full year target. We've been out visiting with agents at our annual sales meetings. So far we have met with agencies from 25 states and in May, we'll have meetings with the agents in the balance of our states. It is encouraging to see how skilled our agents are at conveying the value of our products and services and they continue to work with us to implement price increases where they are needed. Our pricing analytics are helpful in distinguishing the more attractive new business opportunities from the less attractive ones giving us a good sense of when to walk away from business that we believe is underpriced. Loss experience that was favorable in many respects, added to the benefits we are seeing from better pricing. Paid losses other than catastrophes were down 1.3%, a good sign given that earned premiums were up 7.1%. Our catastrophe losses were limited to specific areas and most of our operating territory benefited from milder than usual weather. Fewer new large losses, which we define as $250,000 or more per claim, were largely responsible for improvement in current accident year results. While we realized that large losses naturally fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, we are encouraged by overall paid loss trends, which were a big reason that we experienced favorable reserve development on older accident years. Mike will discuss that more in a moment. The first quarter provided a good start toward reaching our annual value creation ratio target of 12% to 15% with a 4.6% contribution for the first three months. While we can't expect every quarter to include so much lift from a higher investment portfolio valuation, we like our investment strategy for the long-term and we'll stay focused on what we can control such as careful underwriting, adequate pricing and excellent claim service. Now, Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will further comment on financial items including investment results and reserves.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Our associates and agents continue to work together to execute our strategy and to help us achieve our vision of being the best insurance company serving independent agents in the United States. We remain confident in our future and steadfast in our commitment to creating value for shareholders. With me today to answer your questions and further discuss our results and outlook are Jack Schiff Junior, Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Mathews, Martin Mullen, and Marty Hollenbeck. With that, Mike, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Mike, this is Steve, and yes, I think, they're related and related to the level of loss activity and paid loss activity, and specifically which was down 1.3% for non-cat losses.
Steve Johnston: I will start out here. I think that we look at business for the long term, we have great relationships with our agents, we have a definite fundamental purpose to improve our underwriting profit. So, we are taking rate where we think it's needed. We think it's very much on a risk-by-risk basis, and we feel that we are gaining price adequacy, we got rate in the lines that we felt needed at the most with workers comp leading the way with just over 10% increase, the smaller commercial property policies that renew annually, we got real high single digit increases there. So, we think we are getting the rate when we need it but we also think we are conveying the value that we bring as a company in terms of our service, our products, our field representation and it's allowing us, I think, to benefit from maintaining pretty good retention. As we look at it, retention is a bit lower on the risk that we would like to not be on. So, I guess, also if we look at the three-year policies, the retention there is quite high when they come off of their three year policy, we've got quite a bit of loyalty there.
Steve Johnston: I'll take a shot at that first. This is Steve. I think, couple things; one, we pay a little higher commission rate on our homeowners and we have been getting more rate on homeowners, which has allowed the premium to grow a little bit faster there in homeowners, so that's going to shift the mix a little bit in that direction. I think, the other, and you're right, we definitely target the profit sharing commission to remain pretty steady, and we think that's the case, so I think basically what we've seen is maybe just a bit of a shift in the mix of our commissions.
Steve Johnston: What we're seeing, and really this applies to personal auto, it applies to commercial auto and really across our portfolio, and this is Steve again, we are seeing really pretty benign trends across the board. We have seen frequency down a bit, and severity up a bit, but all-in-all as we look at our trend, picking different time periods to look at trends, it's been very benign overall in the total paid loss trends. So, we feel that with the rate increases that we’re getting on a written basis, we’re making some ground.
Steve Johnston: The primary driver for the new business for us were the more newly appointed agencies over last year and this year. So we'll continue to appoint agencies. We expect to get activity there. I would presume that as rates continue to go up, the attractiveness of the stability of the Cincinnati Insurance Company, our three-year policy. We continue to do a good job in how we handle claims that's causing agencies to take a closer look at us, but we would expect modest increase quarter-over-quarter of our new business to go up.
Steve Johnston: Yes. We've done some longer range planning in terms of growth rates that we would expect in different states, different parts of those states. We projected the number of appointments that we wanted to make this year based on conversations we've had with our agencies in those areas and the field reps in those areas, and asked the field reps to try to get all of those appointments done quicker than normal.
Steve Johnston: Well as you look back to some of the hard markets and the kinds of increases that occurred, they were significant and it really created a lot of disruption. What we’re seeing in our book of business, and I think by and large in the industry, they have been fairly modest rate increases that are coming across for policyholders. So, having experienced a 3 to 4% increase, I'll pick that number out of the air, for a policyholder and then next year, something probably more than that, has been more palatable. What we’re seeing in our commercial book is that the economy is starting to show some signs of improvement. Payrolls and sales are going up, agents are conditioned and more prepared to deliver increases as long as they are not really significant.  And so, I would not anticipate. In fact, I think we're going into the rest of this year, next year knowing that rates will or at least based on what we’re seeing, that rates will continue to go up. We’re confident that we’ll be able to place those. We take a look at every renewal policy by policy and make certain that we’re as surgically as you can be, surgical about the approach that we take.
Steve Johnston: And I think the way I look at in terms of the favorable development here is maybe just a little bit of a higher level. We had about 116 million all in favorable development this first quarter. That's up 58 million from where we were the first quarter a year ago. Not that 58 million increase, 51 million of it came from what I call the property-oriented lines. Home runners, for example, there was 8 million difference there, there was 28 million in commercial property and 15 million in special properties which is what programs is what our Bob is.  I think what happened is, a year ago in terms of the comparative in the end of 2010 there were some pretty late catastrophes including like a hailstorm out in Phoenix and so forth and we actually had adverse development on those property lines in the first quarter of '11. This year and again with the large number of catastrophes that we had last year, the two largest in our history, we're working with a lot of larger dollars. We saw the favorable development. So of that 58 million in our overall increase in favorable development, 51 million of it came from the property short tail lines.
Steve Johnston: Yes, I think I'll give it a start and Marty will fill in here. We don't have non-cat across the board, because we touched on some of the catastrophe losses that we had this quarter were in a pretty specific area and overall over the broad spectrum of our territories we really did have pretty mild weather and so that's going to have an influence on that.
Steve Johnston: I think it's just a good quarter. We had significant high number of commercial fires in the first quarter last year and that number and dollar loss has significantly declined in this quarter.
Steve Johnston: Yes, we've written it down. As you know a lot of insurance companies are declining book yields. Our book yield declined six basis points last quarter and that's kind of in line with what we've been seeing last few years. That's been offset by the dividend increases in the portfolio.  However, that portfolio shrank a little bit in the last 12 months. There's a lot of moving parts here. Obviously, we pay our dividend, that's the money not available to reinvest. So, there's a lot going and we've been able to successfully tread water to the primary drivers. In fact, we've gotten very strong dividend increases out of our portfolio, which is our strategy.
Steve Johnston: By and large. I would say that our decline in book yield, the bonds we've been losing to calls has generally come in that yields, that piece of it is declining. New money rates haven't really spiked up much, periodically when they come back, 10 years now around (inaudible). So, yields are particularly attractive right now. So, certainly we love to grow it organically and profitable quarters do help that. So our goal is to squeeze out a small gain, yes.
Steve Johnston: No good question Ron. I think that they are pretty close together to tell you the truth and maybe some variation by line. I think one thing that's helped with the new business pricing is the deployment of the analytics we use and we get a lot more information a lot more intelligence on which pieces of new business to write and which pieces to walk away from, where is the walk away price.  And one line in particular I would like to point out is workers compensation where we actually feel in that line, that the quality or the price adequacy of the new business is better than the renewal business. So that we're moving the mix in that regard, but all-in-all I would say that they are pretty close.
Steve Johnston: That's a pretty tough question. We've been rolling out the analytics. As J.F. mentioned working on inspecting risk and knowing what we're writing. I think we're still being closed, but I think we're getting better and better all the time.
Steve Johnston: I think the way we look at it is we're looking at the accident year ex-cat for the first quarter and comparing it to the full year of 2011. We see in that metric a 4.9% improvement. We went from 73 down to 68.1. So a 4.9 point improvement in the ex-cat accident year loss ratio. Of that 4.9 point improvement, 4.1 points of it came from as Marty Mullen mentioned earlier, less large losses which we define as 250,000 per claim or more. So a lot of it was explained by fewer large losses.
Steve Johnston: I think you would say that we did have less large loss this first quarter. We tend to look at the base as the full access year of 2011, but I think all-in-all, things were pretty favorable this first quarter in terms of large losses.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Mike and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our annual shareholders meeting tomorrow at the Cincinnati Art Museum and those of you that can’t make it are welcome to listen to our webcast at the meeting and that's available at www.cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again and look forward to seeing you if not before, at our second quarter call. Thank you.
J.F. Scherer: Yes, a substantial change in quote activity or submission activity in some areas. I would say its double, but field reps report that it’s just an enormous fee increase in submissions. Same would be true on the Excess and Surplus line side. Obviously, the hit ratio is down, we’re trying to ferret our way through all of those submissions, but it's clear that throughout the industry, carriers are pressing the price. In some cases, they're announcing that they are going to be very aggressive about their price increases which is provoking agencies to shop larger portions of books-of-business.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, this is J.F. I'd agree with Steve. I'd say in terms of our successes, they're pretty broad based as far as where the business is coming from.
J.F. Scherer: We really tried to appoint a generalist agency and we think that within that scope, the kind of agencies that you would meet at those meetings, they write across the board, all of those lines of business. So it would be an unusual circumstance for example, excuse the umbrella line that's an example. But you have an agency that specializes or has an outsized amount in that area.  So what we continue to do is a new appointment strategy is look for centers of influence in the community, agencies that are broad based in what they write, first lines as well as commercial lines, excess and surplus lines, and then go in and do our best to appeal across the board. And specifically because those lines of business that you had mentioned are especially profitable, ask for lots of opportunities in those areas.
J.F. Scherer: Well, Steve had mentioned, obviously in the workers' comp area we're getting double digits, slightly more than 10% increases on renewed business there. We’re seeing an acceleration in our ability to get higher rate in property, as you could imagine, with the storms across the country and policyholders are prepared for, we’d expect increases in that particular area as well. Commercial auto we’re doing well in that line as well. So, those would be the three that I would point out that we are having some good luck in those areas.
J.F. Scherer: Yes and I think it has been in line. We think we can continue to improve some areas. We’re focusing on property, non-cat property in terms of greater loss control, more inspections in addition to rate, but also making certain that we have a confirmation that we know exactly what we’re writing. I think everybody would recognize over the last few years, that the economy has taken its toll on property, in that there are a lot more vacant properties and there are tenant properties that might be unplanned. So, those are all areas that in addition to rates we’re making plans to make improvements.
J.F. Scherer: I would I would agree with that, all new business there continues to be quite a bit of competition. And so when they a very good account makes it into the market place for re-pricing, there is still a lot of competition. As Steve said, the guidepost of analytics for us has much improved our ability to price the account closer to the price adequacy ratio that we need on the new piece of business.
