Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Before we open the call for questions, I’d like to comment on our recent leadership and Board announcements. Effective at our annual shareholder meeting in May, President, Steve Spray, will add the role of Chief Executive Officer. Steve is the right person to build on our decade of profitable growth. He understands the importance of our agency-centered strategy and the unique advantages it brings. I’m confident in his ability to bring innovative ideas together with the hallmarks of Cincinnati Insurance to create opportunities for associates, agents and shareholders. I look forward to continuing to work with him as Chairman of the Board. We also announced the addition of Steve and Peter Wu as Cincinnati Financial Directors. Peter has exceptional experience in the world of predictive analytics, data modeling and artificial intelligence. I’m honored that he has agreed to join our Board. Finally, the Board set the stage for a 64th consecutive year of raising shareholder dividends by increasing the dividend 8% to $0.81 per share. From the Board to the leadership team, to associates at every level of our company, we have the perfect people in place to create a bright future for Cincinnati Financial. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Rocco, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Yes. Good question, and it’s the latter, Mike. We don’t see it as a material change in our trend. We feel very good about the position that we are in terms of our rate versus our trend. And keep in mind, we’re forward-looking we’re looking for where do we think the loss costs will be out in the prospective policy period. We feel good about that. A little bit historic as we do see good improvement in those accident year ex-cat combined ratios, which I think gives credence to it. And so it’s more of the latter of doing things in Cincinnati way, recognizing some large losses when we see them and also what’s going on in the industry and being prudent with our reserves to keep that 35 years of favorable development stream going to 36.
Steve Johnston: Good question. No, there will not be any change in the compensation targets in that regard. We have been very, I think consistent in the combined ratio. We have got 12 years in a row now with a combined ratio under 100. And so we have seen it be as low as 88.3. And so we felt that we could lower that long-term target down and put us in a position to continue to be long-term thinkers there. I think there has also been great consistency in the value creation ratio. If we look at the 5-year average VCR going back to the 5 years ended 2013, all of those 5-year ending years from 2013 through 2023 have all been double digits. So, we are just reflecting our long-term focus and raising the bar a bit on where we put that long-term combined ratio for you.
Steve Johnston: Yes. I would think there really isn’t anything to call out there, Greg. I think it’s just, we are growing and then paid losses and we have seen that fluctuate from year-to-year. And so there would be some noise there.
Steve Johnston: No, not really. I think that I don’t see it as a trend. I think we did recognize it. Like I say, there was some volatility through the year. We would have had less of that in the second quarter when we released or recognize the 9.2 points of favorable development. I think we just look – are looking at this now as the whole year and doing our best to put our best estimate forward for the year, which amounted to the $15 million and never want to minimize $15 million. But I think in the grand scheme of things, it’s pretty close to a wash and puts us in a position to continue to have the type of reserve strength and quality of balance sheet that we do.
Steve Johnston: No, it doesn’t imply a 95% for 2024. And so we are not really giving a 2024 number here. We are again, focusing on the long-term that we have had consistent underwriting profits. We think that the long-term of 95% to 100% is something that we can strive for the long time – long-term to do better and have that be 92% to 98%. We know there will be some years it will be a little bit higher. I think we have been under 100% for 12 consecutive years. I think the highest was 98.1%, the lowest 88.3%. And so there is going to be variation in the market cycles and weather and so forth. We want to focus on the long-term where we continue to grow above the industry average, do it at a good underwriting profit and invest well such that, that value creation ratio stays double digit. There will be some volatility there as investments are a little bit volatility, but over the long pull, which is what we shoot for, we are a long-term strategy team here, we think we can lower that long-term combined ratio range from 95% to 100% to 92% to 98%.
Steve Johnston: Hi Grace. This is Steve Johnston. I think we can get you those numbers. I do not have like the carried reserves for those years in front of me here what we would carry for those years. I do feel that we are looking at the pandemic years is, obviously, there were challenges we were going through the pandemic with the economy slowing down in ports and so forth. But I do think that now it’s been well behaved.
Steve Johnston: Great question. I think we would be slow to change those combined ratio targets because interest rates, as we have seen, can fluctuate more quickly than the loss ratios of books and business. And so I think it would be risky to see high interest rates or higher interest rates and react by lowering your standard on a combined ratio when there would be a good chance, I think over the next 10 years that interest rates would go back down. I would expect that over the next 10 years, a lot of what I have seen in terms of interest rate expectation is to go down. If you got yourself in a situation where you reacted to the higher interest rates with a higher combined ratio target, you can’t recalibrate and cash back up as quickly as those interest rates change. So, we are going to stay conservative in terms of our loss ratio targets.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Rocco and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter 2024 call.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I guess, first off, congrats to Mr. Spray on your news and Steve Johnston, say it and so, but you’ll be missed, but look forward to hopefully hear more from you in the future. But congrats to all you guys on that.
Michael Phillips: I guess – you are welcome. My first question is on the PYD, I guess. It looks like some of the issues there might be on the umbrella maybe some large royalty you guys are great for giving disclosure on this stuff. But can you talk – some of the exhibits talked about the large loss activity and the claim count there certainly went up quite a bit in the quarter is just because the inflation impact of that and what’s happening there. But can you talk about any changes in maybe the mix of your limit profile from 2022 into 2023 and maybe some of that mix might be impacted? Are you writing more higher limits, I guess, is the punch line there? And then maybe talk about how I think there is a perception that your 3-year policy terms may give you some shield when rates get soft, and pricing gets soft, but maybe are you sort of hand-tied a little bit if there is more of an urgent need to re-rate on these higher limit policies? Thanks.
Michael Phillips: Yes, it does. Yes, thank you guys both very much. It sounds like you are not concerned about what looks like a spike in the large loss activity. You certainly have the annual track record to prove it. So thank you for that. I guess my second question is on personal auto, a real quick turnaround in the profitability in commercial auto. I guess, is there anything that’s kind of a one-off to drive that down to 66.7 current accident year loss ratio on personal auto that drove it down or is it just rates running in? And is that kind of a good run-rate from here given where your rates have been? Thanks.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So really nothing – any kind of anomalies, but that looks like – it sounds like a good rate kind of at least a trend from here.
Steve Spray: Yes. Mike, like Steve said, we had – it was not umbrella. We did notice as you recall, back in 2022, some challenges with the umbrella line, we jumped on that, working with our agents and Commercial Lines underwriting. The limits profile there has always been the vast majority of those accounts, those umbrellas. It’s a low limit book profile – has probably become a little – even more low limit over the last 1.5 years as we took action, both pricing and capacity on specific segments, some specific classes of business and then some specific venues where we felt that the environment was just a little more difficult. Steve also mentioned that umbrella line was modestly profitable in 2023. And we’ve got a long-term profitable record with umbrella, and we look to continue to grow that. So that was, I think, your limits question. The other question you had, Michael, is on the 3-year policy. We’re as committed to that 3-year policy as we ever have been. I think it resonates with policyholders and with our agents. So our desire for long-term relationships. Our 3-year policy – package policy actually outperforms a 1-year contract from an underwriting standpoint. Our underwriters use the art and science of pricing. And you can see – we can see it in the book that they – they are using it the right way, and we’re getting profitable results. from the 3-year policy. You mentioned the muting effect with pricing and make a long story short, about 75% of our premium in commercial lines, even on a 3-year policy are adjusted on an annual basis. So 75% of the premiums are being adjusted annually. Again, just committed to that 3-year – and we think it’s – again, it shows the marketplace that we want long-term relationships and our retentions at the first and second anniversary of a 3-year policy are about 10 points higher than we actually have a renewal. So there is an added benefit to it as well. Hopefully, the answer would be helpful.
Steve Spray: Yes. You just broke up. I didn’t hear. Yes. So again, Steve Spray. Yes, I think it is a lot of – it’s blocking and tackling. It’s sophisticated pricing that we on to continue to develop segmentation precision in the pricing. And as you know, I think inflation probably hit the personal auto line as hard as any line of business in P&C. And we reacted accordingly, and it’s a lot of rate that is continuing to burn into that book.
Steve Spray: Yes. The only other thing I might add is, over time, our mix of business and personal lines is moving. We’re growing both the middle market segment and high net worth. But over time, we think that the high net worth business, as it always has or traditionally has – will outperform the middle market space and that personal auto is a less percentage of the package with high net worth or private client than it is on the middle market. So I think mix of business is probably helping us as well.
Steve Spray: No, I don’t think it brings in any more volatility than what we would normally experience. Mike. We’ve always had an agency strategy. So we – we’re trying to be as important to each agency that we do business with and be an important partner for all segments, whether it’s small like the box you mentioned, middle markets or larger accounts. We’ve always written small business. We’ve always written larger accounts. That small business, a lot of times, is more of a technology play. And we have – we have launched just an excellent platform, not because I say so, but because our agency feedback is telling us that it’s intuitive and it’s easy. So I expect that you will see us continue to make big strides in the small business area. And then on the, what we call, key accounts, larger accounts, commercially, we have added a lot of expertise in that area, and we are growing it – we were growing it in a conservative manner and very – underwriting profit first, but our runway on larger accounts and keep moving, I guess upstream as one might say is, I think is very positive too.
Steve Spray: I would – this is Steve Spray, Greg. Let me start with Commercial Lines. We use the same predictive modeling tools and have our field underwriters use the art of underwriting and balance that. And if you recall, we started off 2023. New business was, we were under some pressure for new business. We were keeping our pricing discipline going there. And as the year progressed, I would like to say we kind of saw the market come our way. And new businesses continue to get better and better throughout the year in ‘23 and again, kept that pricing and underwriting discipline. Personal Lines, the new business there and the net written premium growth has just been strong throughout the year. And I just think we are in such a good position going forward in Personal Lines as well, because we are – like I have said earlier, we have an agency strategy, and we have become a premier market, both in middle market and high net worth for our agencies, and they tell us that regularly. And with our $12 billion of GAAP equity supported $8 billion of premium. We are in a good position with our balance sheet to continue to grow Personal Lines. Through this, I will call it tumultuous market. So, feel really good about that. On the E&S side, 90.6% combined ratio are better now for 11 years in a row. It’s about 90% casualty. The submission counts there continue to be strong. You can see that the new business throughout 2023 was strong and I don’t see any reason why that will continue into 2024 as well.
Steve Spray: Jack, this is Steve Spray. We – I will say, on the property cat treaty, we buy that for balance sheet protection. As last – if you recall, last year, we increased our retention on the property cap from $100 million to $200 million. We renewed it for ‘24 with that same $200 million retention. And we also then bought another $100 million on top. So, now the total program is $1.2 billion. We obviously balance the cost of that with what we are trying to do on the loss ratio, but again, always keeping in mind that it’s for balance sheet protection, not earnings. I would also note that in that $1.2 billion tower that we have for the property cat, we also filled out some more of the – we will call it, maybe the middle layers this year than what we did for the 2023 year. So, no guidance on loss ratio for you on that, but just maybe a little background or color on the property cat treaty.
