Steve Johnston: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. While severe winter weather, interrupted our recent strength of quarterly property casualty underwriting profits, we continue to be confident that our initiatives will drive long-term profit and will steadily grow our insurance operations. We had another solid quarter of price increases in excess of our loss cost trends and our mix of business continues shifting in a favorable direction, as we get more rate on lower margin policies and retain higher margin policies. We continue to outpace the industry in premium growth, delivering new services to help our agents grow, while we carefully underwrote and priced each risks and we grew investment income by 5% over the first quarter of last year. Our first quarter combined ratio was just over 100% with the catastrophe loss ratio roughly two thirds higher than our five year average for the first quarter. For our commercial line segment, we experienced the highest first quarter catastrophe loss ratio in at least 10 years and still generating the small underwriting profit. In addition to higher than typical first quarter affects from natural catastrophes we experienced an unusually high amount of weather related losses that were not part of the main catastrophe event for the industry. On a total property casualty basis, our ratio of non-catastrophe weather for the first quarter of 2014 was 3.6 percentage points higher than last year’s first quarter, and it was at its highest level since the first quarter of 2009. Premiums continued to grow within the range we expected. Our property casualty net written premiums grew by 7% and we continued to benefit from greater pricing precision. Commercial policies that renewed during the first quarter, had estimated average price increases in the mid single-digit range. The average was near the lower end of the mid single-digit range and includes the [musing] effect of three other policies that were not yet subject to renewal pricing during the first quarter. As usual, some lines of business had average renewal price increases that were stronger than others. For instant our smaller commercial property policies had an average increase near the upper end of the high single-digit range. Consistent with the fourth quarter, renewal price increases for our excess and surplus lines segment continue to be in the high single-digit range, and for our personal lines segment that increase was in the mid single-digit range. Our first quarter 2014, new business premiums slowed compared with a year ago, reflecting pricing and underwriting discipline. The first quarter decrease in our commercial lines of new business premiums was essentially due to a reduction in new larger workers compensation policies. New business written premiums for our major package lines, commercial casualty and commercial property grew 10% and 6% respectively. The reduction in our personal lines of new business premiums was as expected, reflecting the efforts of our recent underwriting profitability actions, higher premium rates and greater precisions in our pricing. We believe the new business we are hitting is a higher quality, the homes we are arriving had new roofs and more of them are higher value homes. A larger portion of our personal lines new business is packaged to include both home and auto. We also experienced satisfactory premium growth, in both our excess and surplus lines segment and in our life insurance segment, both producing operating profits. We continue executing on initiatives to improve insurance profitability and to drive premium growth. One initiative that adds premium growth overtime is our careful selection and appointments of new agencies. In the first quarter of 2014 [we have] 27 new agencies. We also reported investment income growth for the third quarter in a row. First quarter 2014 investment income would have been higher than a year ago even without the effect of suppressed first quarter 2013 dividends. You will recall that we reported about $5 million of special or accelerated dividends at the end of 2012 as issuers responded to anticipated tax law changes. I’ll concluded with our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation ratio. While that measure is most applicable for measuring long-term performance and creating shareholder value, our 2.6% first quarter result gives us a good start toward our longer term objective of an annual ratio averaging 10% to 13%. Our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell will now add his comments about performance in related financial items.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. While the insurance business will always be challenging and challenged by the weather or other forces, investors, agents, associates and others can count on Cincinnati Financial to remain steady in execution of our strategy. That includes openness and integrity in how we operate. And we are pleased to be recognized again by Forbes. In its inaugural list of the America’s 50 most trustworthy financial companies, we are the top performing company. This marks the fourth time in a row that Forbes has recognized us on one of its lists of trustworthy companies. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Jay, we are ready for you to open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Sure Bijan, good question, thank you for asking. We have, as you mentioned, been very consistent in our approach, conservative in our approach and that is reflected in what you see today by posting some upward movement in our PIC for the most recent exit year of 2013. I think, the important thing to look there is that we did see a little bit in terms of more or higher payments and so we reacted to it. But when you look at the exit year, even after we adjusted the PIC upwards, it's still very consistent in the mid-50 loss ratio range, where we've been the last few years. And we still feel very confident about the line, very confident about our reserving position, feel we're getting rate in excess of our loss cost trend and probably more important, really segmenting the book there and getting more rate on those that need more rate and nearly working hard to retain those that have the highest profit potential.
Steve Johnston: No, I think your analysis is good, it's line we're keeping a close eye on. Again, I think we feel confident in the trends are within achievable rate increases. I think it is a first quarter, which there is a lot of uncertainty there that we reflect in terms of really for an exit quarter, the claim has to occurred in the first quarter and then reported the end reserve. So, I think we're taking a cautious approach there, but to your point one will be keeping a close eye on. And I think, whether it's weather or not weather a lot of it was driven by the physical damage part of it.
Steve Johnston: I think the reserves in terms of how we’re doing that is very consistent with our approach. The actual overall reserve release was pretty consistent with the full year of 2013, maybe a little bit more favorable than it was first quarter a year ago. As we point out, with the first quarter we’ve just completed the full year analysis just a few weeks ago, so we’re not going to be making a whole lot of changes there, but we are prudent, we are conservative, and so when we saw and to your point, dug down a little bit deeper, we saw a little bit more higher than expected payments in the commercial casualty on a package or CMP liability and also our umbrella and so we reflected it.
Steve Johnston: I think it is the right way, Vincent. I think it's the same stable approach. And as you were making your question, I was thinking to those excellent charts you have in your reports, the line graphs that show as the time progresses, accident years develop favorably. And I don't think that we see anything that would make us feel differently.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, thank you all for your excellent questions and for joining us today. We hope to see some of you tomorrow at our Annual Shareholders Meeting; it’s at Cincinnati Art Museum. Others are welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you very much.
