Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. I'd like to take a moment to thank our associates, who are stepping up to increase expertise, innovation and efficiency. The positive impact of their efforts is evident in our results. But we aren't doing it alone. We enjoy working with the most professional independent agencies across the country. As we continue to meet with them during our sales meeting tour, we are hearing great examples of our agents and associates working together to be everything insurance should be. For the people, and businesses and their communities. As we work together with our agency partners, to maintaining this momentum, we continue to seek incremental operational improvements to produce value for shareholders in the near term and for the long term. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions, and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you, during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today, are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Jessa, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: And Josh, I'd like to add too that the infrastructure that we have I think is important. When we thought about this decision originally, we really thought about our claims department and how strong they are and how they treat everybody like their high net worth client and we feel we have got a great infrastructure there. Our technology is quite good. Our diamond system, we had in new agency appointment in here, and I ask her what drew her to Cincinnati; she wrote, personal lines in the East Coast, and she said without a doubt, without hesitation that our diamond personal line system, that was highly efficient, allowed them to do business efficiently. So I think that infrastructure is a plus. Also our expense ratio for personal lines came in the quarter at 29.2. So I think that bodes well for us. One other point I'd like to make, and I think it comes through, but I want to emphasize it, is we talk about high net worths -- what we are doing in the high net worth space; our respect for all the players in that space, all the other carriers is extremely high. They are very talented, and we want to make sure to make that point, as we discuss our entry into the space, or our renewed focus on the space.
Steve Johnston: Maybe I will start out and Mike can jump in here. We did see improvement, we think there is a lot of hardwork that's paying off. We did have favorable development in there. Part of that had to do with how we allocate our DCCE reserves and I think probably Mike might be the best to cover that at this point.
Steve Johnston: And I guess, maybe to make sure we are addressing it, you're probably looking at the current accident year, 51.5 in the supplement, relative to where it was at 55.5, and I just think there is going to be a blend there. We do feel very confident in the work that has been done in personal auto, in terms of what we mentioned. With the rate increases, the underwriting, and renewed emphasis there. But we also know, it’s a tough line, not only for us, but for the industry as well.
Steve Johnston: You know, honestly, no. I don't think we have seen an awful lot of it in the lines we are playing and the size of accounts that we generally go after. In all honesty, we have been to 16 sales meetings this spring, talking to agents from around the country, talking to all of our field underwriters. And I can't say that it's really, in all honesty, that it was brought up at all, as an opportunity or something that they are seeing a lot in the marketplace. So I don't know that we have much comment there.
Steve Johnston: We consider ourselves a market, [indiscernible] agencies that we are interested in. But we are not as aggressive as some of the folks that you have described. I would say, our appetite is conservative. We really don't write mono-line comp, for example. We don't target workers comp policies, we write package business or I should say accounts. So when we are writing the package, the auto, the umbrella, and we are comfortable, based on underwriting that we'd like to write the comp, then we will go after it. I would say, you'd never describe us as an aggressive player in the comp. Notwithstanding the fact that it's going well for us, we could be happier with the improvement in our loss ratio and the surfaces that we are offering. It's just a line of business that just requires a lot of cautiousness in our opinion.
Steve Johnston: It is personal lines only, and both of those states, we would anticipate sometime in the future, that we will probably go in from a commercial line standpoint, but any time in the near future.
Steve Johnston: Yeah I think in the quarter, you saw a clear widening of credit spreads on the corporate front, particularly in the first half that moderate quite a bit. Munis tended to track, treasuries; as I mentioned earlier, munis, just because of our profitability continue to be attractive on that front, as well as just on an absolute after-tax risk adjusted basis, we continue to find them attractive. We also lost a lot of munis in the last several years. As you might expect, due to calls. So we continue to just grind away, we are primarily new issue buyers, that's almost exclusively the case in munis, predominantly the case in corporate. So part of it spends on the calendar. So we will continue to do what we have been doing, just looking -- owing to after-tax risk adjusted opportunities.
Steve Johnston: Good question. It hasn't come up yet, Ian; and I think it's just a measure we are using to very opportunistic allocated capital approach. So we are really not focusing on particular lines of business. And so, we are just looking at them account by account, trying to make sure that we understand each one, both quantitatively and qualitatively. And since we are, I think, in a pretty good position as a startup, we can be very selective. But it is not driven by any particular line or coverage type.
Steve Johnston: I don't really have a precise number. It was a good mix. In that 50-50 range, give or take. But I don't think you should read anything into that in terms of run rate or anything, as we do look at it opportunistically.
Steve Johnston: No. I think that issue is a little bit separate. So again, just looking at the reserves, following a consistent process and looking at it from a quarter-to-quarter basis. So that was a little bit different.
Steve Johnston: Certainly, there was nothing, again, nothing that was special that was in there probably in our normal process. I would say that, it was spread over -- actually, that one was spread over some pretty evenly accident years. So you are looking at 2015, 2014, 2013, about $4 million for really each one of those and $4 million per year, and then it was $3 million for accident year 2013 and prior. So it was really just following our standard process, and again, it's kind of tough, as we are growing it, its still, I will say young, but you got a lot of new policies coming in. We are just -- we are being conservative in the way we set our [indiscernible] there.
Steve Johnston: Yeah, I think that's a good way of describing it. There are some competitors on the margin that are -- that kind of distinguish themselves as being out there. But anecdotally, the feedback we have gotten from both agents and like as I mentioned before, field underwriters, is that it’s a competitive market. But its stable and that the field reps have felt very comfortable, that we have got good submission flow, and that we had to pick our way through things. I think the concerns that are out there at the agency level, is that there is competition, so there probably are more accounts that are being shopped. Just to protect, make certain that they are comfortable at the pricing. One of the areas that we are pleased about, is our three year policy strategy. That keeps, because of the commitment we make to policyholders, and with the three year guarantees, we think few of our policies are shopped through soft markets and hard markets. But particularly right now, its attractive from our standpoint. The one area that I would mention, is that we are seeing a conspicuous amount of competition would be in the E&S side. We have a fairly conservative underwriting appetite in E&S, so I guess it's fair to say that we might be a little bit on the margin between standard and non-standard, and a lot of the business that we write. But we are seeing a more larger E&S accounts that are being taken into the standard side. And that's probably a little bit of why the E&S growth rate wasn't as robust as it has been in the past. Is that we have seen some larger accounts leave us. And so -- and once a standard market carrier is willing to take the account, there is no amount of pricing that we can apply, if we wanted to, to retain it.
Steve Johnston: Absolutely. We tend to write accounts in that area. In other words, its normal for us, probably close to 40% to 50% of the E&S policies we write. We are writing the standard side of that business or that account. And there is discussion between our access and surplus line subsidiary, and our standard side, when we may feel that -- well we have taken in account and had it for several years on the E&S side, we feel that its operating profitably, and that there would be a receptivity for us to go ahead and write in Cincinnati Insurance Company. So we actively discussed that possibility. But we are pretty comfortable that the accounts that we lost, to the standard side, it has raised our eyebrows that a standard market would have taken it.
Steve Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Jessa. Before we end, I did want to correct one set of numbers that I gave in the answer to Paul Newsome's question, I picked up the wrong line and in terms Paul, the auto current accident year combined, loss ratios before catastrophes, its 79.1 for the third quarter, 81.6 same quarter a year ago. But my comments reflected the auto. And with that, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our annual shareholders meeting Saturday at the Cincinnati Art Museum. Others are welcome to listen to our web cast of the meeting. It's available at cinfin.com/investors and we look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Thank you very much.
Mike Sewell: This is Mike; that's a great question and first of all, we still -- we remain very excited about the progress that we have been making, the growth that's occurred since we started. E&S; you know, as you saw, the net written premiums were up 7% for the quarter to $45 million, the combined ratio doing well, with the prior year development and so forth. But we have used a consistent approach to setting those reserves in the recent years. Although we lack many years of paid loss data, and with the high growth rates in insured exposures, which of course is reflected in the premium growth. The increases, the uncertainty of the estimated ultimate losses, and so we tended to be conservative while setting those E&S reserves, because we don't have that long history, but we are getting there. So the current process, what I could tell you is consistent with the prior year, and time will tell, but we aim to be consistent with our process and we think we are on the right path there.
Mike Sewell: That's exactly right. It was really more so of a -- I will say an IBNR release, and when you look at the prior year development that we had, of the 5.6 points in total, about one point was related to E&S. So we ended up with a 4.6 for the remainder of the book, but that's a good way to look at it.
Mike Sewell: Great, thanks Steve, and thanks for the question. So on the personal lines side, we did have $18 million of favorable development between the personal and homeowners, which is primarily where it was at. Personal auto, was $9 million, and homeowners was $8 million. First, what I will start off with is, to say; again, we do follow a steady and consistent methodology in saving the reserves, and we do look at that process every reporting period. So from time-to-time, we make refinements to better the estimates, for changing times, trends, cost indicators, efforts applied, etcetera. And so, as we stated in our 10-Q, we didn't need a refinement during the quarter to our expense reserves, which is also known as AOE, which are an estimate for the costs related to our claims department associates, as they settle claims. And so that estimate includes assumptions of really varying labor intensive by type of claims or line of business. So this refinement, while I mentioned, is it moved AOE reserves among all the lines of businesses that we have. But in total, it had a zero effect amongst all the lines for the company in total. So on a given line, by personal line to auto, you can actually see the refinement a little bit better. So all of the $9 million favorable development in the personal lines auto was really related to this refinement, while there was virtually little to really no effect to be seen on the personal lines homeowners. So had we not reflected this refinement, personal line to auto, prior year development, really would have been really flat or about $1 million adverse. So when you pull all that together, it is a -- there was a little something special in there, but we are constantly looking at our processes, how we set our reserves from time-to-time, we do have refinements, and so you are seeing a little bit of that in the personal lines, that you may or may not be able to see refinements in the future, but they do occur. Sorry for the long answer, but I hope that got to the basis of your question.
Mike Sewell: For the most part, really, all of that occurred in accident year 2015. So when you are looking at the refinement, we are looking at the different accident years. Personal auto, being a little bit shorter tailed, it's going to affect really the recent year, more so than going back prior years. So predominantly, 2015.
Mike Sewell: Well that's going to be baked in with how we -- the refinement is now already baked in for 2016. So you will see that already in the initial reserves, as they have been set.
