Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. While this wasn't the kind of quarter we want to have, one quarter doesn't sway us from our long-term strategies and objectives. Our financial strength remains excellent, and we are optimistic about the future. In the last month, 3 different third-party organizations agreed. Moody's and S&P both affirmed our strong financial strength ratings. We were also again included on the Ward's 50 list. We are 1 of only 4 companies named 31x to the Property Casualty Awards 50, recognizing our growth, profitability and shareholder return. Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to pause to recognize Marty Hollenbeck. Many of you know Marty from his years of Investor Travel. He's announced his intent to retire at the end of September after 35 years of service to our organization. We thank him for his steady hand overseeing investments, especially during some of the very challenging times of market volatility. As I'm sure you can all imagine, we're sad to see Marty go. At the same time, however, I have absolute confidence in Steve Soloria and his ability to smoothly step in to lead our investment operation with his nearly 30 years of experience. I know you all will feel the same as you get to know him during future investor visits. As a reminder, with Marty, Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, then Theresa Hoffer. MJ, please open the call for questions.
Steven Johnston: This is Steve Johnston. And yes, we did. For the quarter, we -- and this would come from our Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global areas for the quarter, $6 million and for the year-to-date, $11 million. So we think we have that properly managed.
Steven Johnston: Mark, this is Steve Johnston, and that would be our first quarter pick -- I'm sorry, second quarter pick. That would be just the quarter's pick.
Steven Johnston: We just -- for each quarter, we try to do our best estimate of our reserves of our losses and premiums for each of the quarter. So the two stand on their own and of course, the year-to-date would be the sum of the two.
Steven Johnston: Well, you're right, Mark, that it is done at a very detailed level. And when we look at our prospects, we do it prospectively. We try to estimate what we think we need to trend losses for into the prospective rating period for the policies that will be effective. We do think, and as Steve kind of alluded to, that we are in a position that we can keep up with and/or exceed those loss cost trends as we go forward.
Steven Johnston: We don't have a specific number like that in terms of a number, but when we do talk about getting mid-single-digit rate. And as Steve alluded to, for both personal and commercial, some inflationary effects on our exposure growth, we feel that we can keep pace with and exceed that trend.
Steven Johnston: Yes. This is Steve again. For the auto, it would be currently in the low single digit and for the homeowners in the mid-single digit. And again, as Steve mentioned, for the homeowners, there is exposure growth and the rate for inflation in addition to the rate that we quote -- rate increase that we quote.
Steven Johnston: It's a rolling process. So we're already engaged in some of the 2023 rate increases and then also a point we make is through the pandemic, we did not reduce our rates any through there at all. We did have a kind of a stay-at-home discount that was in place on the expense side for several weeks, but did not take rate decreases.
Steven Johnston: Well, it's ongoing. It's rolling. So they've already been filed. But to your point, and we both kind of understand the earnings diagram for 2022 in terms of how rate will be earned during 2022. The ones that are in process, don't move the needle much.
Steven Johnston: That's hard to improve upon. I guess if I would think of any other comment would be umbrella it attaches at a higher layer. And so there is a leveraged impact of inflation. So what I mean by that is if historically, a claim is just below the retention, now if inflation is heating up, it would inflate into the layer. And so you have a leveraged effect on the upper layers like an umbrella policy, which would add to the claim count.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, MJ, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call.
Steve Spray: Derek, Steve Spray here. Thanks for the question. Yes, we -- here in the second quarter, we've definitely seen inflationary impacts as well as pandemic effects on the umbrella book. As an example, courts closed during the pandemic, slower to open. We're seeing that show up. I would also say that our umbrella book in general, just -- from quarter-to-quarter is going to have inherent variability. And -- we've seen that here in the second quarter. Maybe for note as well, is that book, our commercial umbrella book is up over $500 million now. And we've got a long track record of underwriting profit, understanding how to price that book, the limits profile on it is relatively lower. The book reflects our primary business, which is -- tends to be smaller to midsized accounts. That's the business that we're primarily writing the umbrella coverage is over. So there's uncertainty for sure. There's inherent variability. You're seeing that in the actual results. And then on top of that, as you can expect from Cincinnati, and our long track record of recognizing uncertainty. We've gone ahead and recognized that through the IBNR for the reserving of the umbrella going forward to.
Steve Spray: Yes. Derek, again, Steve Spray. Yes, we are feeling really good about the high net worth business primarily the team that we've assembled, the expertise, the experience that they have. And you're right. The majority of our growth in personal lines right now is coming from high net worth. On the written premium side, it's almost all coming from high net worth. On new business, we have seen our middle market book rebound, although again, the new business lion's share is still coming from the high net worth. High net worth is important to us. We think we have a valuable contract. We think the way we handle claims is worth more premium. But that being said, I wouldn't want anybody to think that we are not completely focused on that middle market book as well. We think that we are in a unique position that we have the sophisticated pricing. We have the products. We have the team. We have the historical experience long term on the middle market book as well. So we feel good about the middle market book. Maybe to get a little deeper for you there. Personal auto, obviously is under pressure. A lot of that is coming from inflation. We are taking rate. And we've been taking rate in 2022. We'll continue to take rate in that personal auto book in 2022. And we expect in 2023 that we're going to take a little bit -- a little more than double the rate in the personal auto book that we are this year. The homeowner book is performing better, but it's under a little bit of pressure as well. We're taking rate in '22. We plan to continue to take rate in 2023. And the other thing I would add there is in homeowner line, we are getting high single-digit exposure change there, too. So that's helping with the inflationary pressure that we're feeling.
Steve Spray: Paul, again, Steve Spray. I might just add a couple of things there for you is it's not uncommon that auto losses, both personal and commercial are what get up into that umbrella layer, those umbrella layers, and we saw that in the second quarter. So it's larger auto claims that have gotten up in there. We look at every single one of these claims, as I mentioned in the first quarter. And as far as geography or class of business, industry segment, we're not -- there's randomness there, and we're not seeing any patterns. So I thought I might add that for you, too.
Steve Spray: Well, yes, so we write commercial umbrella over commercial business, obviously, and personal umbrellas over personal. In personal lines, it is always -- it's almost always predominantly auto claims that get into your umbrella policies there. On the commercial side, it varies between, say, general liability claims that can balance up into the umbrella or commercial auto. I would say that we've seen just a slight uptick in the commercial auto getting into the umbrella.
