Steven Johnston: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our first quarter results. It was another quarter of good operating performance. Our agency-focused strategy led to profitable growth and reflects well on the skill and dedication of our associates and excellent relationships with terrific independent agents. We reported a net loss of $273 million for the quarter, due to the recognition of a reduction in the fair value of securities held in our equity portfolio.  Non-GAAP operating income for the first quarter of 2022 was up $31 million or 14% versus a year ago. Our 89.9% first quarter property casualty combined ratio was 1.3 percentage points better than last year's first quarter. The current accident year loss and loss expense ratio before catastrophe loss effects rose slightly compared with accident year 2021 measured at 3 months, reflecting an increase in large losses for our property lines of business.  We again managed our business to healthy levels of policy retention with meaningful average renewal price increases for each of our property casualty insurance segments. Policy retention rates for both commercial and personal lines improved from a year ago to the upper 80% range. Consolidated property casualty net written premiums rose 12% for the first quarter of 2022. Our pricing segmentation efforts continue to support what we believe is profitable growth as our underwriters work to retain and write more profitable accounts while taking appropriate action on opportunities that we determine have inadequate pricing. We also believe renewal pricing during the first quarter was again ahead of our estimate for prospective loss cost trends for each property casualty segment.  Our commercial lines insurance segment continued to experience estimated average renewal price increases in the mid-single-digit percentage range, similar to the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, personal lines average renewal price increases slowed by a small amount compared to the fourth quarter, remaining in the low single-digit range. Our excess and surplus lines insurance segment continued in the high single-digit range.  Our commercial lines segment grew first quarter 2022 net written premiums by 8% and with a combined ratio of 92.3%. Our personal lines segment net written premium grew 11%, reflecting our continued planned expansion of high-net worth business produced by our agencies. The segment's first quarter combined ratio of 83.9%, improved 17.2 percentage points from a year ago, driven by lower catastrophe losses. Our excess and surplus lines segment had an 85.9% combined ratio and continued strong growth, with first quarter 2022 net written premiums rising by 25%.  Cincinnati Re and Cincinnati Global, each had a nice quarter with healthy growth. Cincinnati Re grew net written premiums by 30% for the first quarter of 2022 with a combined ratio in the mid-90% range. Cincinnati Global, grew net written premiums by 24%, with a combined ratio also in the mid-90% range.  Our life insurance subsidiary generated first quarter 2022 net income of $10 million, matching last year's first quarter, and grew term life insurance earned premiums by 6%.  I'll conclude with the value creation ratio, our primary measure of long-term financial performance. VCR was negative 6.9% for the quarter, while net income before investment gains or losses contributed 1.9 percentage points. Lower investment valuations during the quarter resulted in the investment gains or losses component contributing negative 8.6 points.  Now our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight several other important aspects of our financial performance.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Mike. It's satisfying to see the steady execution of our initiatives producing these strong results. March and April brought a return of business travel and a return of our headquarters associates working together in person. It's wonderful to see so many familiar faces in the hallway and to be able to get out from behind our desk to visit with agents in our field teams across the country. This return to a bit of normalcy has produced an energy you can feel across our organization, bringing with it lots of optimism for the future of Cincinnati Financial.  As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Marc Schambow, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jesse, please open the call for questions.
Steven Johnston: Meyer, this is Steve, and good question. We think it's more in the random noise category for this first quarter. Certainly, inflation, we're keeping a close eye on and so forth. But it's 1 quarter, it was largely in our property lines. And we will continue to keep a close eye on it. We think it was more random noise. And it did reflect about 4 points on the current accident year when comparing it to that 0.9% increase overall in the current accident year.
Steven Johnston: Yes. We're keeping a close eye on that as well because with payroll being the exposure basis for workers' compensation, that should help on the premium side. Also, we've got the inflation. I think our -- we feel confident in our workers' comp book. It's the loss ratios have been rising as the competitive environment in the industry and NCCI have decreased rates. But we still feel good in terms of what we've done, in terms of really working workers' compensation down as a percentage of our overall commercial premium. But at the same time, supporting agents and -- on what we feel to be the best risk, the most adequately priced risks.
Steven Johnston: No, I don't think we've been seeing double-digit loss trends in our book, no. And we do feel good about the high-net worth book. Thank you. Meyer.
Steven Johnston: Yes. And if we would break the commercial lines segment down, the current accident year rose by 1.2 points, and the effect of large losses on that was 5.1 points. So well more than the amount of the total increase in the current accident year.
Steven Johnston: That's a good question. I don't have that handy. We've got it, but the -- the over time there but I can tell you for the quarter -- the first quarter here of 2022, it was 8.6 points in total in large losses over $1 million for the current accident year. For the first quarter of 2021, it was $3.5 million. So that difference is the $5.1 million that I just mentioned. So I feel -- it's like more of a feeling right now not having the numbers, but that $3.5 million seems more normal, feels more normal.
Steven Johnston: I'm sorry, the K. And there it is, more, I would say, a little bit higher than what I said more in the 4% range. The last -- 2021 was the current accident year losses above $1 million, $4.2 million; $3.6 million for 2020; and 4.6% for '19. And then we had another -- for that over $5 million. So that was in the range of $1 million to $5 million. 1.8, 0.9 and 0.5, respectively. So more in that, say, 5, 5.5 range for that.
Steven Johnston: Yes. We -- it wouldn't be in aviation, but we have had a little bit of loss in CGU. It's about $5 million. So not a big amount to the organization. And really, hearts go out to all the people there in Ukraine for the suffering that's going on. For Cincinnati Re, it's de minimis in terms of loss, and we'll continue to keep an eye on it. But about $5 million for us for the quarter in total.
Steven Johnston: Right. And sure, John. Good question. We're just with our first coverage that we are handling through the delegated authority, and it's a deductible buydown. And for that particular product, and especially given this is our first, it will be for our syndicate. As we look to future and rolling out additional coverages, we would open it up to partnerships with other syndicates over there.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Jesse, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Saturday, May 7, at the Cincinnati Art Museum. You're also welcome to listen to our webcast of the meeting available at cinfin.com/investors. We look forward to speaking with you again on our second quarter call. Have a great day.
Stephen Spray: Mark -- I'm sorry. No, this is Steve Spray, Mark. I was just going to add that it's a normal process for us on any large loss that we take a look at risk category, geography, the policy inception date and agency or field marketing territory to see if we can any trends or patterns. And we have not. And like Steve said, we feel it's 1 quarter. And I think it's going to be more important to look at it over a longer period of time, but it is something that we absolutely watch on a regular basis.
Stephen Spray: You can adjust it -- yes, you can adjust it for an inflation on TIV. And right now, that's -- we're running that in the high single digits. And you also -- say, your general liability, which would typically have your exposure, your premiums are based off of gross sales or payroll. As those increase, the premium goes up, it's just that the rate is locked in.
Stephen Spray: Yes. John, Steve Spray. About 50% of the time when our E&S company writes coverage, Cincinnati Insurance company writes business on the standard side. So it's a high percentage. It's key to what we do. It works really well for the agents. It's -- I could get into a lot of detail, having the same claims rep, having -- actually having the same resources at Cincinnati Insurance Company for our agents and for those policyholders, whether it's admitted or non-admitted, is a big, big deal, and we're trying to do more and more of it. And you can see with the growth and the profitability in CSU, both have been extremely strong. So we feel really good about where that is going forward.
Stephen Spray: Well, that is correct. That's exactly right. CSU, our E&S carrier and our wholly owned subsidiary, brokerage, C -- what we call C Super, only provides access to retail agents of Cincinnati Insurance company to our non-admitted offering. We do not -- our in-house brokerage does not place business in the broader E&S market. I think that might have been part of your question at the end. Only with our own non-admitted carrier and only for licensed and appointed agents of Cincinnati Insurance Company.
John Heagney: Yes. So essentially, I have a 3-year rate, but I can adjust it for the change in TIV. So that would be an inflation adjustment on an annual basis. Is that --
John Heagney: Okay. Then the next question I had, on CGU and then with your new delegated authority of Lloyd's. How much business is that MGA putting through to your own syndicate versus putting through to other syndicates at Lloyd's. I'm just trying to get a sense for how big the -- that delegated authority business could be. Because, obviously, you have a limit on your capacity at Lloyd's in your syndicate, but if you're writing elsewhere, it would seem that you have a bigger underwriting capability, at least for your agent.
John Heagney: Right, right. Yes. No, I was getting at -- so the strategy is really geared towards making life easier for all your agents. It's just an agent-centric strategy.
