Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks, I would like to mention a few other events of the quarter that show the commitment of all of our associates to keep getting a little bit better every day, keeping us on track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. First, we’ve made outstanding strides in improving our real time download capabilities which make it easier for our agency customers to do business with us. At the recent conference, NetVU recognized those efforts by presenting us with their Quantum Award for offering superior workflow productivity. NetVU is the agent based user group, Vertafore’s agency management system. Second, we’re working to be good stewards of all our resources including our natural ones. Our headquarters facility recently earned the silver level certification for lead for existing buildings, operations and maintenance. We are one of only 40 buildings with more than 100 million square feet to earn certification in this lead category nationally. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff, Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenbeck. Erica, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: We spent about the period of time that you just described trying to negotiate with the Department of Insurance for rate adequacy in our homeowner book of business. It was locally inactive, inadequate and had gotten that way over a period of time for really matters related to legislative reasons, for the legislator at past limitations, they could not raise rates for our book of business, for our rates to the level we had to have. It took us a lot of time to exhaust all those options and hen it was finally concluded that we were not going to be able to get adequate rate increases, we chose to leave. There wasn’t going to be enough relief, not even close to enough relief in reinsurance cost in Florida, to cause us to believe that the risk we were taking at the rates we were allowed to charge were worth it. So, in the commercial lines area, there is low rate flexibility. Obviously the Department of Insurance is interested in protecting the personal lines clients whereas business clients can or big boys can make their own decisions about what they pay for insurance. So, we’re still there in commercial lines; we still monitor what goes on within the state. It could very well be that based on more flexibility in the state of Florida that we could someday write more business down there. But as it is right now, the only personal lines business that we’re writing in Florida is business that’s collateralized. By that I mean, it’s originated from states outside Florida with business that we believe warrants us to take whatever risk we might take on secondary residence in Florida.
Steve Johnston: I think over time, we’ve been consistent in our approach. I think we always go with the actuarial, people’s best estimate of their -- the ultimate losses. I think, I would think that with every area of our company, I would agree that -- I think over time there has been improvement and they have gotten better at picking the ordinates [ph] but I also agree to you that there is a tremendous amount of -- agree with you that there is tremendous amount of uncertainty; it will be interesting to look back in a few years and see how accurate in fact everything has turned out to be. But I just always try to stress that it’s a very consistent approach. We go with the actuary’s best estimates and we do feel in area of the that we’re trying to get little bit, little bit precise all the time.
Steve Johnston: I guess one thing, I would like to make one point is assumed reinsurance is not entirely new to us here at Cincinnati. Over the past year or I guess over the past 20 years of serve, voluntary assumed reinsurance has been as high as about 2.4% of our net writings. This has largely been done through various pools retro sessions that we’ve been involved with reinsurers and companies that we had long relationships. But we’ve been very passive participants and my opinion, was kind of lacked expertise and recognizing that it’s tough market, right now we’re down to just one contract that we’re involved with. So feel here we got the opportunity to bring in really some excellent talent. And Jamie Hole, we know we have a known quantity. We have a long successful relationship with, both Jamie, and as you mentioned with JLT. We’ve worked together for a long time and we are as you mentioned, more confident that we’ll be at good deal flow from JLT over time as well as other entities that we’ll work with. We think Jamie is going to being with hi, -- maybe not bring with him; it’s probably not the right word, but he will establish a small team of expertise, as part of Cincinnati Insurance, we’re going to do this without establishing a new legal entity, new company. And we’re going to execute what describe as an allocated capital model. We are going to do our best just contract by contract to estimate the capital that would be needed for that individual policy and only move forward if we can get our fair risk adjusted return on that policy. We recognize it’s a really tough market rate right now. And we’re going to be very judicious. Just look at everything, kind of to your other point, policy by policy, we don’t have a specific line of business strategy or anything like that. It’s going to be very much technically based on a policy-by-policy basis. We’re only going to look at diversifying opportunities, so obviously nothing in the Midwestern convective storm area. And we think the diversification that we may be able to achieve over time should really be helpful to us in driving up our overall risk adjusted returns. Again, we’re going to very much lock before we run and be very disciplined in putting our capital to work here.
Steve Johnston: We’re going to be very flexible, certainly not in the Midwest but beyond that we’re going to be very flexible and again, policy-by-policy contract-by-contract, look at them very closely one-by-one.
Steve Johnston: We said that 2015 goal several years ago and I think it’s a really good goal and it really spurred us forward. I think one think that we’ve always made perfectly clear is that we are only going to do it if we can do it profitably. So, I think it really has been the beneficial goal to us. And then if you look back, just the -- I guess just recently the A.M. Best in one of their best weeks in March, put out the new rankings of companies with U.S. net written premium and we moved up to 22nd. So kind of over this period of time, we started at year-end 2010 as the 26th largest writer based on United States net written premium. Each year, we’ve moved up one position from 26th to 25th to 24th to 23rd to down to 14, 22nd. I think setting, and the work that goes into setting these plans is very important. We have stress that we are only going to do it if we can do it profitably. And we’re glad to say that over that period of time, other than cat riddle [ph] 2011. We’ve been able to put in sub 100 combines and we’re looking pretty good about that again here for 2015. So, it’s been a good goal. I think it’s going to come down to the wire. So, we are hedging a little bit here, as we make our disclosures. But I think it’s really good to set out ambitious challenging goals there that are achievable but always keeping our focus that it needs to be profitable growth. And we’ll do the same thing as we move into our planning for the 2020 goal. And at this point, I might ask J.F. if he had any other color he’d like to add to that.
Steve Johnston: I think, I’d reiterate just what we have already said is that we have seen -- I think it’s more you look at over long-term that trends in paid losses that had caused us to want to strengthen those reserves for those auto lines, for the all prior years. And I think that as well as what we’re seeing is influencing the actuaries to be pretty prudent with their initial pick here for the first accident quarter here in 2015.
Steve Johnston: Paul, we’ve been appointing agencies, about a 100 new relationships a year over the last five or six years. And we’ll probably continue expanding at that particular space. As you know, there still continues to be a lot of M&A activity, consolidation of agencies. In some cases, it works to our benefit where the combined agencies create more opportunity for us in a community and in some cases, it creates disruption and our premium activities go down a little bit. So, we continue to take a look at new appointments, whether they be in Ohio. I don’t think you’re going to see much of an increase beyond the 100 or so, new agency appointments. You will see some personal lines only appointments that are most associate with high net worth specialist. So, we’ll see a few more of those. But I think as you look out into the horizon, we could end up appointing 500 agencies over the next five years and with the kind of consolidation it’s occurring, maybe only net out 150 or 200 increase. But it is our plan to continue to appoint more agencies.
Steve Johnston: No, I don’t think there is whole lot of other items; I think you touched on them with the personal and the commercial auto. I think there is a bit of an elevation in the commercial casualty. But I think you’ve pretty much hit on what we’re seeing in the quarter.
Steve Johnston: I think, we’re Mike. Time will only tell but I think from what I see, not only in pricing but what we’re doing on the underwriting side of things, when we really team up with it, when the claims, we have got every area of the company contributing towards improvement. And I think we’re still on trajectory of improvement here.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Erica and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you this Saturday at our Annual Shareholders Meeting at the Cincinnati Art Museum. If you can’t make it, please listen to our webcast, that meeting is available at cinfin.com/investors. If not, we look forward to seeing you again at the second quarter call if not before. Thank you. Have a great day.
J.F. Scherer: Josh, this is J.F. Scherer. Couple of things happening there. We were taking some pretty significant increases in homeowner race over the last several years that have moderated now. That drove a lot of the growth. We think we’ve reached great adequacy in lot of the states. And so, we’re doing a fair amount of tweaking but nothing as drastic as we had been. We are also in the process of running off our Florida originated personal lines book of business that started last July. And so that’s contributing to an absence or it’s diluting growth in the homeowner line as well. So that will finish, we have one more quarter of that and then beginning in the third quarter, the comparisons will be without the effect of Florida. Our new business in homeowners was up 16%; the initiative we have with the high net worth is really starting to take effect right now. So, we’re seeing a bit more business generated in the higher net worth area in both homeowner and auto for that matter. So, I think what you’ll see without making any predictions of it is a rebound in the growth rate in homeowners’ line.
J.F. Scherer: I do think that -- again we go with our actuarial best estimate. I think they have been very prudent in the way they’ve gone about things. I think with a couple of the lines, the auto lines, while we’ve had favorable development overall and again building on 26 years or so in a row of favorable development, we hadn’t had a couple of lines, the auto lines had some adverse development. And I thank particularly here in the first quarter, it is a situation where when you seeing some adverse development and now you’re making the initial pick on just one quarter, the first quarter of new accident year; you certainly don’t want to step into the same situation that we were in before. And so I think that being prudent in the picks that they are making through the current accident quarter, particularly on those auto lines given what we’ve seen.
J.F. Scherer: I think Steve’s summed it up pretty well. We still think we have tremendous potential. So, when we get around the setting of projection for 2020, we will certainly be ambitious. We’re still in 39 states; our penetration rate in the states is still relatively low; number of agencies we have still relatively low, sub 1500 agencies. We think we have tremendous opportunities within those agencies; they write over $30 billion in premiums within those agencies that we don’t write. But really as Steve said, we’ve done so much in the area of fortifying our profitability between the analytics, modeling, loss control, inspections, special services, specialization and underwriting and target markets. Notwithstanding the fact that $5 billion might be a -- it might be a little shorter that this year we’re certainly not pessimistic about how we can look at 2020 and beyond, feeling actually pretty good about that.
J.F. Scherer: Not. Well, maybe we need to run it more often or something. Actually this is the first time we’ve done any national TV ads. The ad is being run two weeks on, two weeks off and will run through September. It’s being seen on CNN and Fox News, a variety of shows on Fox News. So that could run the gambit from Bill O’Reilly to Anderson Cooper. There is a demographic on those cable channels that we like in terms of being a slightly higher net worth that net worth audience that we’re interested in but also business owners. So, we’re not trying -- I guess the point I would mike, we’re certainly not trying to compete with the major advertisers out there. What we are wanting to do is as we have in the past is to showcase the value of an agent and the role the agent plays in their relationship with our company. And simultaneously with that we have ramped up a lot our digital advertising. And so, obviously the TV ad is -- will play a part in all this but digital advertising will play a major part. As much as the public as in audience for this ad, we want our agents to be an audience for it as well. And that as result of seeing Cincinnati Insurance Company on a national level, that creates confidence in them, certainly with our expansion out west in the some areas, where Cincinnati Insurance Company had not been active. It’s valuable for earning to be out there, so they can make reference to it. And for that matter and we’re going to be personal lines business in New York City. And so to be seen by potential customers there would be a value. So, it’s part of a very large initiative that we have, both internal with our agencies digitally as well as nationally. So, I’d expect you’ll see a consistency in this but certainly not a drastic expansion there. And we have been -- we’re majoring, both qualitatively and quantitatively the effects of it. And we’re seeing on our website more activity on the weeks that are on. And most notably we find an agent to tab that is clicked by visitors has gone up significantly as a result -- during the times that this ad is playing. So we think it’s paying off already.
Vincent DeAugustino: I guess one thing I would say that among some of the other companies, we cover, I think Cincinnati is a very good reputation among your peers. And I don’t think there is any doubt about your capital adequacy. So that said, I’m wondering if there would be a target for U.S. regional business outside of the Midwest or to your point on diversification if you’d look outside of the U.S. to kind of get just some of that diversification benefit.
Vincent DeAugustino: I guess bringing it a little bit closer to home here. On that incurred ratio, I noticed that that dropped pretty decently in the quarter. And so just wanted to check in and see if that’s the result of may be a little bit lower weather losses or obviously development and some of the lines plays a part there. But just curious if any of this is stemming from little bit higher initial, asking your pick or just any color there would be helpful.
Vincent DeAugustino: And then just one last one if I can speak it in. So the press release noted sort of the $5 billion goal. And I think there has been some conversation about a 2020 plan, looking out little bit further out. So, I’m curious if you guys would be prepared to talk about growth plans looking further out in reconciling that to the pace of the ‘15 goal and the sort of expectations where we are today.
