Steve Johnston: Thank you Ken for those kind words and thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Ken mentioned, first quarter financial results were mixed. On the one hand, we produced an underwriting loss for the quarter with the combined ratio of 103.9%. On the other hand, investment income grew, asset values rose, the balance sheet continued to strengthen and shareholder value continue to increase. Our country and the world were heavily impacted by a series of catastrophes during the first quarter. Catastrophe losses contributed 5.5 loss ratio points to our results, including approximately 1.1 points from the Japan earthquake. By comparison, catastrophe losses contributed an unusually low 2.1 points to the first quarter a year ago. For commercial lines, our largest insurance segment, the quarter’s catastrophe loss ratio was 50% higher than the annual average for the past decade and was higher than the annual cat loss ratio for any of those years, so it truly was an unusual quarter. So far in the second quarter, the adverse weather is continuing. We write in many of the areas that have been affected by spring storms. We estimate on a very preliminary basis the second quarter catastrophe losses occur through April 21st, they total between $70 million and $80 million, with the largest single event estimated at approximately $35 million. Since the 21st, it obviously been an active time for catastrophe losses, our hearts go out to everyone who has been affected with personal tragedy, loss of live, at this point it’s too early to put an estimate as to the effect on our financial statements. We use more than one modeling firm to help in estimating our exposure to catastrophe losses, one of them RMS made a much public revision to its model. The new version increase estimated and losses from hurricanes for us and much of the industry. We are currently studying the new model and its impact on our estimates. The expense ratio was 32.8% down 2.8 points from 35.6% for the first quarter of 2010. You may recall that last year we took a $10 million charge for provision to continued liabilities with 1.4 points to the expense ratio. Property casualty reserves for prior action years developed favorably benefiting the first quarter bond ratio by 7.9 points that compares with 5.6 points of favorable development for the first quarter of 2010 and 10.3 points for full year 2010. Our reserving velocity remains unchanged. We have a very consistent approach targeting total reserves in upper half of the actual range. The change in IBNR reserves added 4.4.points to the (inaudible) loss ratio compared with 2.0 points for full year 2010. As Ken mentioned, our diversified approach to investments produced solid results again this quarter, pre-tax investment income increased by approximately 1.3% to $131 million during the quarter. Both our equity portfolio and our bond portfolio produced unrealized gains after tax for the quarter totaling $85 million. Liquidity, the balance sheet and our overall financial condition continue to strengthen, keeping us in a solid position to grow profitably. Statutory surplus for the property casualty insurance group grew by $56 million during the quarter to just over $3.8 billion and at the holding company level we continue to have over $1 billion in cash and marketable securities. The contributions to book value per share for the quarter are as follows. Property casualty underwriting losses reduce the value by $0.12. Life insurance operations added $0.04, investment income other than life insurance and reduced by non-insurance items contributed $0.43. The change in unrealized plus realized capital gains from the fixed income portfolio increased book value per share by $0.05. The change in unrealized plus realized gains from the equity portfolio provided growth of $0.49 and we pay to our shareholders $0.40 per share in dividend. Totaling it all up, book value increased by $0.49 during the first quarter to $31.40 per share, adding the $0.40 per share dividend our value creation ratio for the quarter was 2.9%. As Ken passes the baton to me, I’m grateful to find our company in very good shape with a solid foundation that our team can build on. I believe you’re going to find our new CFO, Mike Sewell to be topnotch, his 25 years of experience and knowledge of Cincinnati Financial will be a big benefit to us. You’ll hear from Mike on our second quarter call. We all excited about the opportunity to improve our company both by taking the progress already achieved and applying it across our company and by finding new ways to bring value to the forefront. That concludes my prepared comments and I’ll turn it back over to Ken.
Steve Johnston: This is Steve. It does include workers compensation. I think we are getting increases in workers compensation. The rate changes for the total segment are getting closer to zero and we are approaching our loss ratio situation with a multitude of initiatives, but we recognize the rate needs to be part of it as well.
Steve Johnston: We really don’t provide guidance on our forecast of that, I think that it involves an awful lot of variables, but we are working through a variety of initiatives to reduce our accident year loss ratios.
Steve Johnston: Well, I can elaborate – particularly on the workers compensation, I think JF can help me out there. We are working on it in terms of loss control, underwriting, claims, expense, initiatives, really every area in the company is cognizant of the fact that we need to reduce the actual year loss ratios and we are all working towards that.
Steve Johnston: Yes we work hard on that expense ratio. This is Steve, again. Do keep in mind that last year, the 35.6 that we posted was increased by 1.4 points by a one-time charge we took for a contingent liability but the expense ratio was down 2.8 points. So we had another 1.4 points of savings and we are working hard to keep expenses under control and to be frugal.
Steve Johnston: Another good question, Mark. This is Steve again and I will address that. The action that we took in Florida has really benefited and paid off in terms of the expected losses and the expected losses for our reinsurers has allowed us to manage our reinsurance cost from what I can tell, again we are still assessing it, but in terms of the new RMS model it continues to show that the work we did in Florida was effective. And so we – we do not have plans to move out of Florida, certainly the focus is more on casualty driven accounts. We have a lot of hard work to reduce the property exposure there and we don’t to go backwards in that regard, but we will continue to do business in Florida.Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I appreciate the answers. Thanks.
Steve Johnston: Looking at commercial auto. Okay. This is Steve, Ian and I think we both say about the same thing. I would like to give the line over to JF a little bit – the workers compensation, we do Bill is improving. It is – we think due to a variety of initiatives. I will let JF say a few words about that. In terms of the auto, we feel pretty good about our commercial auto experience. Really, it’s holding up well and it’s going to have some variability by quarter and so forth. But I think our commercial auto experience is not one that we are overly concerned about at this time.
Steve Johnston: I don’t think it’s anything of a trend, and, I just think that we had a couple of quarters there are and there's going to be some more along that line.
Ken Stecher: Thanks Steve. Before we move onto questions, I’d like to point out that I remain confident in our prospects for the future, although the economic in insurance market conditions since mid 2008 have been quite challenging. Our company’s financial strength, the proven value of our agency relationships and our ability to provide superior service, in addition to our results to grow profitably, will drive long-term value for shareholders. We appreciate the opportunity to address what’s on your mind about Cincinnati Financial. Please remember Jack Schiff, Jr.; J.F. Scherer; Eric Mathews, Marty Mullen; and Marty Hollenbeck are here with Steve and me, and we’re all available to respond. Kyle [ph], we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Ken Stecher: I think certainly we have a good reputation amongst our agencies. And we feel that they do put quality accounts that they may have of commercial line experience with – with us on the personal lines as well but it goes beyond that. We have a very active marketing plan and personalized. So it is much beyond those accounts for which we write the commercial.
Ken Stecher: The one thing on the personal line side, that we do see as we’ve implemented the new pricing analytics is that the categories that we feel have the least propensity for loss, lower risk categories we are seeing growth there and it’s representing an ever increasing percentage of our overall growth.
Ken Stecher: Yeah. It’s not necessarily just the high and preferred because with the new rating algorithms, we look at a multitude of rating variables. And so it's going to go across more spectrums than that but we do think it is those risks with the least propensity for loss.
Ken Stecher: I think as Steve mentioned little bit earlier, the improvement of our automation of our diamond system has made a significant impact for us early to grow in our previously appointed agencies and then those agencies, that here before did not want to do business with us in personal lines because we did not have the automation of billing capabilities. So we would have every expectation but yet we will grow into a prominent player in the agencies and personal lines.
Ken Stecher: Sure. The target of 2011 is 120 agencies. We have a bit of a mix. 92 of those agencies were projected and what we would call establish dates, 28 in almost entirely with the exception of Connecticut, Western states, we have opened here in the last four or five years. The new appointments that we have made so far this year have been across the country, we have none in any particular area. We had four in New York. We opened in Connecticut and downstate New York. So we appointed a few more there in New York in terms of very large numbers that is mainly across the board and as I mentioned, 92 will be what we consider establish states and the rest have that.
Ken Stecher: Thanks Brad. You heard today. We’ve got a lot of strong initiatives in place. I’m a little impatient that things haven't improved a little bit quicker but the weather has slowed things down, the economy is starting to pick up a little bit but as I said in my prepared comments, I remain very confident and we definitely appreciate your investment in our company.
Ken Stecher: Thank you for joining us today. We hope to see some of you at our annual shareholders meeting on April 30 at the Cincinnati Art Museum and others are welcomed to listen to our webcast of the meeting. We look forward to speaking with you again on the second quarter call. Have a great day. Thank you.
