Steve Johnston: Thank you, Dennis and good morning. Thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter 2017 results. While the past quarter presented challenges, we see several positives regarding future prospects from improved operating performance. First, our third quarter and nine months 2017 property casualty combined ratios stayed just 100% putting us in a good position to earn an underwriting profit for the sixth consecutive year consistent with one of our primary objectives. Second, we reported a nine month current accident year combined ratio before catastrophe losses of 91.1%. While that was 7/10 of a point higher than accident year 2016 at nine months, the higher ratio for losses of $1 million or more for claim largely contributed to that variance and we know large losses tend to vary, particularly over relatively short-term periods. We also gained confidence from internal reports and observations that our underwriters continue to obtain relatively higher renewal pricing on expiring policies that our models in judgment indicate at relatively weaker pricing, that's an ongoing result that's segmenting our portfolio of accounts through careful underwriting of risks covered by individual policies. I'll take a moment to comment on Cincinnati Re, our reinsurance assumed operation. Following a very favorable contribution to profit during the first two years since its inception, Cincinnati Re experienced a quarter of sizeable catastrophe loss effects which happened from time to time in the reinsurance industry. That loss experience was consistent with our models in projections for significant catastrophe events. Our underwriters and analysts are experienced subject matter experts to understand how the balance qualitative and quantitative aspects of reinsurance decision making. So far in 2017 we've assessed nearly 500 potential reinsurance transactions declining approximately 80% of them, a rate consistent with the prior two years. History shows that the tendency for firming reinsurance premium rates following periods similar to the recent spike and industry losses translates into near-term opportunity and we are well prepared to take advantage of it. We recognized the long-term benefits of risk diversification and Cincinnati Re should continue to help diversify our business in smooth results overtime. Turning to premium growth; we continue to grow premiums in a disciplined fashion for each of our churn segments. While overall premium growth for our commercial line segments slowed during the third quarter of 2017, renewal written premiums continue to rise and we reported a combined ratio of 95.2%. Overall, commercial lines estimated average price increases were similar to the second quarter with higher pricing for commercial auto, the notable exception. For our personalized segment, third quarter premium growth continues at a nice pace, the personalized 2017 combined ratio before catastrophe effects improved for both the third quarter and first nine months partially offsetting a higher level of catastrophe losses for both periods. Estimated average premium rate increases for personalized in total, were slightly higher than in the second quarter of 2017 with personal auto average rate increases reaching the high single-digit range. Our access and surplus like segment reported another should quarter of underwriting profit and premium growth. It has a nine months, 2017 combined of under 70%. Our life insurance subsidiary again, made a good contribution net income growing third quarter 2017 for life insurance earned premiums written by 5% and helping to diversify our earnings sources. Our primary measure of financial performance, the value creation was 3.1% for the third quarter and 10.3% for the first nine months of the year; we're still on PACE for another year that reaches our long-term target of 10% to 13% annual average. Despite the third quarter being a challenging one in terms of operating results for us and the P&C industry we continue to opportunities every day to deliver long-term value to shareholders and outstanding service to the agencies that represent a company and their clients. Next, our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight investment results, reserve development and other key areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to thank our associates who work relentlessly to respond to our agents and policyholders affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. With our client's team leading the way, associates from all across the company jumped into action and helped wherever they could. Storms of this magnitude leave widespread damage in the community and widespread concern about how to get back to normal. This is when our associates shine, calming those fares, upholding the reputation of our agents and delivering on the value of Cincinnati Insurance Policy. The starter of the fourth quarter didn't bring much relief to our country as communities continue to experience devastating loss from both Hurricane Nate and the California wildfires. Our hearts go out to the families and business including our own policyholders affected by these events. In terms of losses, we estimate insured losses for our company will be less than $1 million for each of these fourth quarter events. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Ken Stecher, J. F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jane, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Arash, we feel good about the line. As Mike went over, the profitability is holding up well. Within commercial casualty there are a lot of parts there that are analyzed and moving in different directions but overall, I think while we do see some upward trends, we feel confident with the way that we're underwriting and executing and are confident in terms of the continuation of the profitability in the casualty line.
Steve Johnston: Yes, you know, it maybe -- when you take a look at like let's say the last few quarters, it's ticked up a little bit. Again, I'd like to wait to see another couple of quarters and see where the large losses come in, see how our actuaries -- you know, we're going to follow their consistent approach and how they are setting but if you look at our loss expense ratio that's in our supplementary on Page 13, you know, looking at the last so many quarters, it's ranging from a low -- kind of in the low 50s up to the 60s, up 63.2%. But let's wait and see, it's a long-term line, let's -- we're going to follow what our actuaries say.
Steve Johnston: I think that was in the 10-K and I think it had to do with the change in the loss per change in TVAR [ph], I'm getting kind of technical there but in terms of change in risks; so it wasn't necessarily a change in bar number.
Steve Johnston: To the disciplined approach Scott, I actually over timed. We started out at about 50-50 but now we're more casualty oriented than we are property. I think you know here more recently it's a good bit over 50% in the casualty lines. So, again I think we'll look in terms of -- does it diversify, how correlated it is, we'll run through everything we can to understand the risk quantitatively and qualitatively and really be a no pressure to grow. It will be interesting to see how affirming takes place, I am confident that there will be firming, I think we're -- it will be interesting to see is how broad is the firming relative to contracts that had losses versus contracts that didn't. How long might that affirming last with the capital that is out there, how might it move from the property to the casualty, I think there are lot of unknowns but I do think and agree with kind of the consensus that we will be in a affirming here certainly for the short to mid-term.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Jane, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call. Thank you and have a great day.
Mike Sewell: Good question, Paul. It will be a consistent approach. From the beginning, we've been very consistent in not focusing on growth but try to focus on profitability, to focus on returns with each contract. For example, we did not set up a specific company for Cincinnati Re with capital that had to be used for return, we try to look at each risk individually on the merits. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we've been very disciplined in the ones that we accept and a number of measures are looked at and will continue to be looked at. Obviously what do we estimate the expected combined ratio would be, we do look at as we're looking at lack of correlation with our regular business, we will look and try to estimate what we think the change in TVAR [ph], the 1 in 250 year will be in combination with our already existing book in terms of the capital needed, what type of return we can get on that, we look at rate on lines from a judgment factor. So, and to me it really always come down to the people and we have a very experienced team there that have been hired and are very confident in their ability going forward to be even in the stronger position than we are now. I think exception [ph] to-date was probably the worst quarter in memory in terms of reinsurance losses were maybe about $13 million in the whole inception [ph] to-date and that's something that really, with a good first quarter we could bring it back to breakeven or near breakeven by the end of the year and perfectly positioned I think as we move forward into next year.
Mike Sewell: Well, I think that as we look going forward the same approaches will be used as I just went over. I do think it has been a wakeup call in terms of appreciation of risk. We had three hurricanes, two earthquakes, now we've had a four storm in Nate [ph], we've got wildfires; and I think are is just a little bit of renewed appreciation of what can happen all at the same time. And I think also it's been a long time since there was an event in Florida, things have changed there over that period of time in terms of what we're seeing with assignment of benefits and the recognition of what that can bring, different players settling claims and maybe a better appreciation of degree of adjustors that are available to settle the claims and what that means. So I think that there is kind of a wakeup call in terms of everybody understanding or being reminded of the type of risk that's out there but I do say in terms of our approach, it's going to be very consistent in to what we have done but we will recognize these factors.
Mike Sewell: The property right now for 2017 year-to-date, the property is 38%, casualty is 53% and specialty is 9%.
