Steve Johnston: Thanks, Mike. Some of you may have noticed through recent news releases about new people joining our Cincinnati family. In November, our Board welcomed David Osborn, a new independent director whose investment firm focuses like us on dividend growth strategies. And just last week, we welcomed Will Van Den Heuvel to the Cincinnati team as our new Senior Vice President responsible for personal lines. Will brings an excellent track record of leadership experience in the personalized marketplace and improving commitment to the success of independent insurance agencies. We see both of those additions as investments who will bring shareholders a good return overtime. Just as important, in 2013 we reduced our underwriting expense ratio while investing in talented associates with total staff growing 2.6% or just over 100 in that positions. We know that our field force is the strong differentiator from competitors. On a percentage basis, field positions increased at a slightly higher rate than headquarters positions. Our agency customers appreciate the loss control and claims expertise we are placing in their communities. At headquarters, we continue to invest in positions to support our pricing and data analytics improvements. We think we’ve just scratched the surface of the benefit we’ll see from our 2013 improvements and we have the people, products and processes in place to keep it executing on our plans in 2014. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you throughout this year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Jack Schiff Jr., Ken Stecher, J.F. Scherer, Eric Matthews, Marty Mullen and Marty Hollenback. Denise, we’re ready for you to open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: Any authority [ph], how was it? Not really. We’re – again, we’re long-term investors. The income off of [ph] the portfolio, the tax preferred status of the dividend is well account just as much really as price fluctuations. We’re pretty contempt with where we’re at below 30s as the percentage of the overall portfolio. We look at a number of different ways. So we’re not going to undergo any significant reallocation of invested asset at this point.Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Asset Management: Great. Okay, I think that answers it actually. Thank you so much.
Steve Johnston: Thank you, Denise. And thanks everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Cincinnati Financial Corporation. And look forward to speaking with you again on our first quarter call.
Mike Sewell: Yes. Thanks Mike, this is Mike Sewell. As it’s related to that, my goal is still to work the expense ratio down closer to a 30 expense ratio. But with one of the investments that we’ve been making has contributing in a lot to the loss expense ratio if you’ve seen that going down. We have been increasing some of our headcount in strategic areas for growing premiums, also the loss control. But what we’re also doing is we’re making sure that that increase in investment is lower than the increase in premiums that we’re bringing on. So we were able to reduce the expense ratio by 0.3 points this year but in total we’re still spending more money and investing it where we believe we need to. And the results you’re seeing on the loss expense side.
Mike Sewell: That was for the – that was for the full-year.Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I guess in hearing those figures, it strikes me as that sort of short-tail loaded which is to say the – is that because the older accident years there’s a mix of adverse as well as favorable, it’s bringing that older accident year percentage down so low, I might think of kind of three to four-year tail on a lot of your business.
Mike Sewell: And I’d had Paul, that our strategy, you know as well as an agency strategy and what we’re doing now in personal lines with some of these higher valued homes is very consistent with what we’ve done over time in trying to provide every type of product that our agencies need to be successful. If you look back to access a surplus lines, it would have been an example, target markets and other example. And now what we’re doing in personal lines is very consistent with our agent aware in [ph] strategy.
J.F. Scherer: Mike, this is J.F. Scherer. One thing I might add for example in personal lines, in the inspections, what those inspections are revealing has paid for about 60% of the cost of the inspections themselves. In other words, we find things that where we immediately increased the premium, things like stoves that people have in houses that we have searched our agents for in bright of other things [ph]. So as Mike said, the real focus is to improve the loss ratio of all these initiatives but we are finding an opportunity actually to increase premium by what we discover.
J.F. Scherer: What we’re seeing and as Steve mentioned we’re seeing a steady renewal increases in our commercial line’s book of business in the fourth quarter. And we’re getting larger increases on the classes of business with the policies that are at least adequately priced. Anecdotally, what I would tell you is that we’re driving higher rate obviously on the more quarterly [ph] priced accounts that we have. And we have seen less of a take-up on the three-year policy because we’re very aggressive about what we would want on those policies. It works to renew them on a three-year basis, which we view as a good thing. In other words if the policy holder stays with this obviously as an account we want to keep, we did a good one-year increase, we’re going to get another of that less adequately priced policy next year and the year after. The good thing is that on the most adequately priced policies, the uptake for the three-year policy remains excellent. It continues to be and where it’s being reinforced all three days this week when we write our sales meetings, buyer agencies and it’s a tremendous advantage for us.Vincent DeAugustino – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc.: Good. Good. Thank you very much.
J.F. Scherer: Paul, this is J. F. Of course we’re out with the agents this week they haven’t come up. We’re not getting any feedback at all on it.
J.F. Scherer: Yes. At least as far as our strategy, our agents, what we are talking to them about in personal lines, we’re just not getting much feedback. We’ve been encouraged by the response we’ve gotten in personal lines over the last year. I guess by way of a little commentary and Steve mentioned in his remarks that new business in personal lines tailed off a bit for us towards the end of the year. And we have a real tough comparison in the first quarter. But that’s almost by this final [ph] assessment we’ve got two rate increases on homeowners that are earning its way through the book plus we strengthen our underwriting stance on agent for us [ph], deductible things of that nature. So I think our agency is once again, relative to how they approach personal lines with us, they do use comparative writers. They’re not enamored by the commoditization of personal lines. However they do rights in business that would be in that category. I mean, it’s clear from the reaction to Will tend to both the [ph] sales meetings that they’re very introduced about the fact that we’re going to fortify our activity in the higher valued homeowner – higher valued client arena where there is more profitability from an underwriting standpoint and more profitability at the agency level to write that kind of business. And it’s the marquee accounts. It’s the significant policy holders in the community. So I guess maybe we’d be a bad carrier to canvass for opinions on other company’s approaches from that standpoint. But I can say that the reaction to what we’re doing has been pretty good.
