Steven Johnston: Thanks, Mike. I'm proud of the way our associates continue to help the independent agents who represent Cincinnati Insurance navigate this challenging market. We're sticking to our fundamentals, listening, offering solutions and building strong relationships. Because our field associates live in the communities our agents serve, we see and respond quickly to market pressures most impacting them. We are then able to find solutions that contribute to our agent success, leading to long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are Steve Spray, Steve Soloria, Marc Schambow and Theresa Hoffer. Gary, please open the call for questions.
Steven Johnston: Greg, this is Steve Johnston. And I think what we've seen was kind of a rapid acceleration of inflation starting at the beginning of 2021. It is now in the last several months moderated, still going up, but moderated. I think just with the way that we time our rate increases in rolling on to the book, it takes a little while for them to actually reach all the policyholders. But the key point, I think, is that we are very prospective in terms of the way we look at inflation. The most important thing we can do is to look out into the prospective policy periods that we're pricing for right now, do our best to estimate the loss costs and the inflation impact on that prospective period and set the pricing right and do it on a individual policy-by-policy basis the best we can. And I think we're in a good position to continue doing that.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Grace. Really good question. And I think it boils down to our model at Cincinnati Re and that we didn't really actually form a company Cincinnati Re. It writes on Cincinnati Insurance paper. So there's the A+ quality there. And then it's an allocated capital model. So what we try to do is just look at every contract as it comes up. We don't try to do things this much in property, this much in casualty this much in specialty. Just look at each contract that becomes available to us on its own merits and if we can get the target hurdle rate that we're looking for and feel good about how it fits into our overall risk model, we'll go ahead and write that. So I would think that we will see movements in the various business lines that reflect that. I think right now, just what we're seeing is certain lines like professional liability, transactional liability and so forth are areas where we felt that the pricing and sometimes the opportunity or not is as good as they've been in the past, where we are seeing really good opportunity in the property and specialty lines. So we'll just go at that contract by contract and very bullish with everything that Cincinnati Re is bringing to us in terms of profitability and diversification.
Steven Johnston: We have seen it in just certain areas within physical damage. As we look at replacement vehicles, rental cars, that sort of thing. But again, we're still kind of looking at inflation on a -- how it's been cumulatively since 2021 as we use that data to forecast the loss cost and the premium needed in the prospective periods. And so we're being cautious, I think, in terms of where we are with our inflation rates, but we do feel that we're getting ahead of our loss cost trends. We are ahead of our loss cost trends with our pricing. And I think we benefited that while we had a stay-at-home credit during 2020. We did not actually -- we bring that through the expense ratio. We did not actually decrease the auto rates. And I think that's helping us now as we contemplate inflation and our pricing.
Steven Johnston: Yes. Fred, this is Steve Johnston. I think what we just have to do is make sure that we contemplate the costs involved. As we go to having more electronic vehicles in the fleet, there will be more of that cost in the battery. They are less complex, I believe, in terms of all the different parts that are involved. So it is different. It will create a challenge to stay on top of -- as we calculate those costs in price, but we feel that we're up to the task. And please thank your friend to call us. We appreciate your comments.
Steven Johnston: Thank you, Gary, and thank you to all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter call.
Stephen Spray: Yes, Greg, this is Steve Spray. It really depends agency by agency. One thing I think as a company, we've always prided ourselves on as we do business with the best independent agents out there. And we are very deliberate about the agencies we appoint. We spend a lot of time kind of making sure that it's a fit for both us and the agency. So when we go into a relationship, we feel pretty confident that we're aligned and that the future will bear fruit. It just depends on the size of the agency, maybe the state and community but over time, we are the #1 or #2 carrier as measured by premium volume in the majority of the agencies we do business with for at least 5 years or more. So that gives you a little -- just a little flavor of the trajectory that we have. And so it just depends but we don't want to be just in consequential -- inconsequential player in any agency.
Stephen Spray: Yes, sure, Greg. Sorry, you asked that. Typically, Personal Lines only agencies will be private client or high net worth focused agencies to where maybe as an example, let's say, in the state of California, we're not active there for Commercial Lines right now. So if we make an agency appointment in California would be Personal Lines only, and it would be high net worth or private client-focused.
Stephen Spray: Yes. Again, Steve Spray, Greg. It's that new business that you're pointing to is all around underwriting discipline and pricing segmentation and just discipline from our field underwriters on the pricing front. So it's a very competitive -- it's always a competitive market, and it varies by state. It varies by territory on who we're competing with. But we have just -- over the years, our proven model, appointing the best agents, assigning field associates to those agencies, making decisions locally, that has served us really well over the long fall. In the last 10 years, the pricing precision, the pricing segmentation, the tools that we have, have really been what's driving quite frankly, the profitability that you see that we're producing and our new business underwriters working with our agents out in the field are executing on that disciplined strategy. And it's to put pressure candidly, it's put some pressure on the new business this year. But I can tell you each quarter of this year, is that commercial market has gotten a little more disrupted, we are seeing more and more opportunities at the underwriting terms, conditions, quality and pricing that we feel are adequate.
Stephen Spray: Sure. First of all, I might comment -- just we're pleased and encouraged by the improvement in ex-cat. Actually the core loss ratio that we're seeing in Personal Lines as well, certainly had some pressure with inflation and with increased cat levels, but feel like we are -- I shouldn't say feel like, we're confident that we're getting the rate on a prospective go-forward basis that's adequate. The fact that about 55% of our Personal Lines today would be what we call private client, 45% roughly middle market. We think that is a key for us with our agency model in the marketplace. That we can be a go-to care for our agents on -- regardless of the size of the home. And the way we handle claims locally fast [indiscernible] with empathy, we think, puts us in a really good position going forward on all Personal Lines. Yes, it's -- the loss ratio has been -- has certainly been under pressure with inflation and the increased cat activity, but we're confident in where it's headed going forward. We see a lot of opportunity out there. A lot of disruption in that Personal Lines market. Candidly, I've never seen a harder market than the Personal Lines market we're seeing today. And we think with our balance sheet, our agency strategy, the way we're approaching it, the expertise, the pricing precision, we think it's going to bode well for us in the future to grow that Personal Lines book.
Stephen Spray: Yes. Mike, Steve Spray again. Steve Johnston commented in his opening remarks on the net written premium piece of Commercial as I might start there in that we've got a 2 full point drag on Commercial Lines from workers' compensation and umbrella or excess you could call it, both for different reasons. We're comp about 1 point drag, that has been going on now for several years. Just simply, the rate decreases that are being pushed through really for the industry. On umbrella, that is deliberate. It started probably a little over a year ago here in Commercial Lines. In certain jurisdictions, certain states, we really took aggressive, appropriate underwriting action on our umbrella book, reducing limits, maybe shedding some of that business. So that's putting a weight on the Commercial Lines growth as well. So your comment of returning to historical levels or walking away from other business, like I was saying before, I think we've got a winning strategy. We've got a winning model, doing business locally with the best agents in the business, face-to-face that has served us well for many, many years. And our risk selection, our claims handling, our loss control, those things have all improved on linear basis since I've been here, I think, 32 years ago. Our pricing precision, segmentation has improved exponentially over the last 10 years. So where we just didn't have those tools, say, when I was a field rep 15 years ago and the look into each individual account that we do and price them on their own merits. So yes, our field underwriters and our renewal underwriters have those pricing precision tools that they use to where -- if we don't feel like we can get an adequate rate on a risk-adjusted basis, we're -- we'll walk away from an account, and we'll wait it out. First and foremost is we need an underwriting profit. We've got 11.5 years in a row now of -- 11 years and 9 months of underwriting profit and we want to keep that rolling. I don't worry about growth over the long haul at Cincinnati Insurance Company. We are talking about agency appointments. We have plenty of runway to continue to do that. We're growing our E&S company. You see what's going on in Personal Lines. Well, I'm not -- I don't worry about growth prospects for the future.
Stephen Spray: Yes, Grace, Steve Spray. Thanks for the question. The accident year combined ratio, loss ratio for work comp is, yes, it's under pressure. Calendar year is still performing quite well. The -- it is -- I hate to keep telling the same story, but it really is simply just pressure -- downward pressure on the rates that are put out by the rating bureaus. And fortunately, I think for Cincinnati Insurance company is we've always been conservative on the workers' compensation line. We've got tremendous expertise, we're ready to grow that business when we think that the pricing is at an attractive level. But right now, it's -- again, we're doing it risk by risk, and we are running new workers' compensation business. But just -- it's a line that, as you mentioned, medical inflation can impact it over time. I can't see that we're seeing anything out of the ordinary with the medical inflation at this point. But that line of business is definitely under pressure on an accident year basis and primarily from just rate pressure.
Stephen Spray: Meyer, Steve Spray. We don't -- right now, we are disclosing the difference in loss ratios for our specific book between middle market and high net worth or private client. But I can tell you, over the long pull, the industry, private client has outperformed middle market by a pretty good margin. And we feel like we can create those same results over time as well. Not that we want to subsidize middle market. The middle market book needs to stand on its own. We've got the pricing precision there. Again, we've got the agency force. So we expect both segments to be profitable. But we do think, over the long pull, the high net worth of private client will outperform.
