Steve Johnston: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to hear more about our second quarter results. We are pleased to report second quarter 2017 operating results that outperformed last year’s second quarter. Our 98.3% property casualty combined ratio for the second quarter of this year was a four points better than a year ago. It's also important to note that 98.3% was an improvement from the first quarter of 2017 despite an unfavorable effect from higher catastrophe losses. On a basis before catastrophe effects, our second quarter 2017 combined ratio was better than both the first quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of last year. We believe these improving trends bode well for the second half of 2017. Other good news for the second quarter of 2017 includes another solid quarter for our investment results and premium growth that continues to outpace the industry. Our associates continue their steady efforts to support the outstanding local independent agent who represent Cincinnati Insurance as they carefully underwrite each policy and provide personal service to agents and their clients. We believe we'll continue to see benefits over the long-term from our various initiatives designed to support profitable growth in each of our insurance segments. Our commercial lines segment grew net written premiums 2% and returned to producing an underwriting profit in the second quarter and for the first half of the year. Overall commercial lines estimated average pricing improve slightly from the first quarter of 2017 most notably for commercial auto. As Mike will explain further, our commercial casualty line of business returned to a more typical level of profitability. Although a high level of catastrophe losses continues to challenge our personalized segment, it reported another quarter of nice growth for both middle market and high net worth premiums. Estimated average pricing for personal lines in total was in line with the first quarter of 2017 again with significant personal auto rate increases were needed. Our excess and surplus lines segment reported another excellent quarter including a combined ratio of 66.2% and premium growth of 20%. Cincinnati Re logged another quarter of strong underwriting results with steady premium growth and the combined ratio just under 80%. The third quarter of 2017 marks two years since Cincinnati Re began assuming risk and generating premiums. Through the second quarter of this year, its cumulative net underwriting profit totaled $20 million on $183 million of net written premiums and an estimated combined ratio of 81%. Our life insurance subsidiary continued its steady contribution to net income while growing second quarter 2017 term life insurance earned premiums by 8%. The steady growth of our life company, our E&S Company, and our reinsurance assume division diversifies our business helping to smooth results over time. Our primary measure financial performance, the value creation ratio was 3.2% for the second quarter and 7.0% for the first half of the year. We are on pace for another year that reaches our long-term target of 10% to 13% in average. Each day brings new challenges to insurance companies. We see them as opportunities for our associates to compete and to deliver value to agencies and policyholders. We know that can translate into long-term shareholder value. Next our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight other key areas of our financial performance and financial condition.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. In closing our prepared remarks I'd like to share some additional positive news about our company. In June, S&P Global ratings affirmed is A plus financial strength rating for our standard market and life insurance subsidiaries and in April, A.M. Best affirmed with a stable outlook its rating of A Excellent for the Cincinnati Life Insurance Company. We were also pleased to be recognized for a six time by Forbes Magazine as one of the most trustworthy financial companies in America and to be included in the Fortune 500 for the second consecutive year. Our solid performance, combined with this news, gives us confidence that Cincinnati Financial is on track to deliver shareholder value far into the future. We appreciate this opportunity to respond to your questions and also look forward to meeting in person with many of you during the remainder of the year. As a reminder, with Mike and me today are J. F. Scherer, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenbeck and Theresa Hoffer. Jessie, please open the call for questions.
Steve Johnston: We have let's see here estimating for the first half of the year, we have about $180 million -- $180 million in the high net worth segment.
Steve Johnston: It’s largely casualty and casualty driven, we do point out that I don't know with 40%, 45% of the risk that we write in E&S policy on, we might have a standard Cincinnati policy, so there are a lot of situations where we'll write the property on a standard basis through Cincinnati Insurance, the casualty through the E&S company with appropriate terms and conditions but the largest percentage of the premium is in casualty and the E&S company.
Steve Johnston: That was a good, good observation I think if you compare that the X cat actually your -- we had a very, very favorable quarter a year ago in the property with a 36.3% loss ratio. The 49.7% that were post this year is right in line with what you would normally expect. Maybe one other area where there were would be some large losses if we look to the personal lines to the other category we're up a little bit this year at 68.3% from where we were 42% a year ago and as we dig into that as some of the larger of umbrella losses. So, I think those would be the two points to describe other than the non-cat weather. I think I'd also like to make the point that if we just look at the X Cat exiting year for the quarter these are the longer-term trends, including each of full last three years it's very much in line.
Steve Johnston: Excuse me I might add we’d say municipals over corporate to some degree over the last 12 to 18 months so that's starting to have a little bit of an impact.
Steve Johnston: Good question Josh. We do see it as an opportunity. We do see people have tremendous financial assets on the line when they enter into an insurance agreement and we think that the as you mentioned a decentralized personal approach that we take to things both at the point of sale and during the claims as a competitive advantage. Having said that we just don't want to see disruption happen and we react to it so, we have actively sent our strategy team out to Silicon Valley to the various incubators we actually have one here in Cincinnati we've been up to Detroit to talk to those that are actually making the automated cars. So we're keeping our thumb on the polls and really what I see us doing is to take away the things that we learn, try to find opportunities in the claims area or whatever area it is that we could execute our personal touch business model better by better using technology.
Steve Johnston: We have some. I don't think I would like to go into the details on those but particularly in more efficient delivery in the claims area may be in the underwriting area as well, we are in the investment stage.
Steve Johnston: Very good. Thank you Jessie, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter call. Thank you.
