Steve Johnston: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today to hear more about our third quarter results. Net income for the third quarter of 2018 was more than five times the same period a year ago. Approximately three quarters of the growth in net income again reflected variability related to this year’s new accounting requirement for changes in the fair value of equity securities. About one eighth of the increase was from other non-recurring items generally related to taxes, and Mike will comment further on that in a moment. The remaining growth in net income largely reflects improved underwriting results despite higher catastrophe losses and is reflected by our improving property casualty combined ratio and 41% growth in non-GAAP operating income. Our 96.8% combined ratio for the third quarter of this year was 2.5 points better than year ago. And is the result of several factors, including ongoing benefits of diversifying our business in recent years. Our commercial line segment experienced another good quarter with a combined ratio of near 95%. Importantly, we’re seeing signs of improvement in paid loss cost trends for our commercial casualty line of business. The paid ratio for the first nine months of 2018 was almost 2 percentage points lower than the same period a year ago. While we’re currently maintaining a prudent amount of IBNR reserve for that line, particularly for accident year 2018, we were comfortable with releasing some reserves for all the accident years, largely accident years 2016 and prior. We continue to take a careful approach to growing our commercial lines business and targeting underwriting actions, slowed net written premium growth to 1% on the nine month basis. Overall, commercial lines' estimated average price increases for the third quarter were slightly higher than the first half of 2018, including higher average pricing for our commercial casualty line of business. Our excess and surplus line segment continues to perform very well with third quarter and year-to-date combined ratios in the low 70s. It is reported 24 straight quarters of combined ratios below 100%. Excess and surplus lines' premiums are also growing at a healthy rate in the double digit range for the third quarter and first nine months of this year. Our personal line segment in Cincinnati Re were affected by significant levels of weather-related catastrophe losses, experiencing third quarter combined ratios a little over 100%. Cincinnati Re remains profitable for the full year and inception to-date. Our personal line segment continued to experience a rise in average rate increases. The third quarter 2018 average was a little higher than the second quarter with personal auto again near the high end of the high single digit range. Both of these areas of our business continue to grow at healthy rates, and we anticipate better underwriting results in future quarters. Throughout our property-casualty operations, we continue to obtain relatively higher renewal pricing on policies where our models and judgment indicate that's needed as we segment accounts through careful underwriting of various risks. That segmentation is not always reflected in the average renewal price increases we report. However, when the benefits of segmentation combined with rising reported average renewal price increases as they did this quarter, it can significantly enhance our overall profitability. Our life insurance subsidiary also had an outstanding quarter, nearly doubling net income reported a year ago, along with earned premiums growing at 9%. Our primary measure of long-term financial performance, the value creation ratio, was 6.3% for the third quarter of 2018. The component of net income before investment gains or losses contributed 2.4 percentage points, an improvement of 1.1 points versus a year ago, including 0.7 points from other nonrecurring items. In addition, investment gains in our equity portfolio contributed 4.6 percentage points, offsetting a negative 0.7 point effect from the fixed maturity portfolio. Our results for the quarter were solid and included several areas of ongoing improvement in our operations. Next our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Sewell, will highlight some important aspects of the financial performance and financial condition.
Steve Johnston: Thanks Mike. It was a good quarter and we feel optimistic about the future. That optimism includes anticipation of meaningful contributions over time from leaders at Beaufort Underwriting Agency, the Lloyd's managing agency subsidiary of our pending acquisition of MSP Underwriting Limited that we announced earlier this month. Collectively, we aim to focus on profitable growth and providing superior service to our appointed agencies. History tells us that doing so will benefit all stakeholders at Cincinnati Financial and its affiliated companies, creating shareholder value over time. As a reminder, with Mike and me today, are J.F. Scherer, Steve Spray, Marty Mullen, Marty Hollenback and Teresa Hopper. Michelle, please open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Steve Johnston: I think we have seen some of those trends. I'd like to think we got out a bit early on it and have been addressing it here over a period of time. And you'll recall that we have had periods where we’ve shown some adverse development on that line as we've reacted to seeing some of the trends. I think we have moved to take action in terms of both rate and prudent underwriting. And now are showing a couple quarters in a row where we've had some favorable development on that. I think it's still prudent that we treat the current accident quarter with due caution as we've seen this trend. But I do think we are on top of it, addressing that appropriately with both rate and prudent underwriting action.
Steve Johnston: No, we feel pretty good about the book and in total. And again, the commercial auto, I think we’re making progress there with the accident year ex-caps starting to move in the correct direction.
Steve Johnston: Yes, I think it's the whole team. It starts with claims. We have local claims representatives led by Marty Mullen here that are out working from their homes in the communities with the agents. And so, I think we get some pretty early intelligence of what's going on into street level from our claims people. That’s brought here in the home office where we have a robust process, call it, oversight committee that has every department in the Company represented. We do have the predicted model on the analytic side very much segment the book. In fact, we can look at every single policy in terms of how we feel it is priced relative to where we think it should be priced. And we take action at a very granular rate in terms of encouraging, keeping those that have the highest profit potential. And working with those that don't in terms of what we can do on the underwriting side, the loss control side, pricing, also working with the agent. So, it's a very holistic approach that we use. And we do have, I think specific to your question, the analytics in place and the predictive models in place that allow us to do this at a very granular level.
Steve Johnston: I didn't hear the commentary or know about that, but we would comment on what we’re seeing is still workers' comp to be very favorable. It is in terms of the loss cost trends, it is coming -- it's being recognized I think with increased competition on the premium side where there's very healthy competition for workers' comp given its profitability. I think if we would comment to where we might see the impact of full employment and looking for making sure that to get workers, would be on the commercial auto side where we pay very close attention to any qualification of the drivers that we see in commercial automobile. And not that we don't pay close attentions to it in the workers' comp and we have not seen it as much in the workers' comp trends as we have in the auto trends.
Steve Johnston: I think it's really split generally what we see about 50-50 there, because we are getting rate in the low single digit range, and premium growth in that same range and also seeing a pickup in activity in the economy as well. So, I think it's -- the last I checked, it was pretty much a 50-50 split.
Steve Johnston: We did have a call and so we can make that transcript available to you. But we see it as a bolt on really non-transformative acquisition we see them in a standalone basis. So in terms of cost synergies, we don't see a tremendous amount there. We do see as we picked up in terms of Cincinnati Re synergies in terms of expertise, in terms of being able to handle larger more complex risks. And so we're also looking for ways that our agents can participate in that and we can be more deeply involved with our agents in terms of providing them with all the products and services that they require.
Steve Johnston: No, that wasn't the point I was trying to make. So, let me try it again. I was probably not clear enough. As we grow as a company, overall in terms of expertise, we have added to that throughout the company, as you mentioned, whether it be in excess and surplus lines whether it be in high net worth, we have done some what we’re calling target markets, which are niche opportunities. We've done so in what we’re calling key accounts, which is larger properties, all of this is on the direct Cincinnati paper. Then we have Cincinnati Re that rights reinsurance and has brought a lot of talent to the table that in terms of the modeling of catastrophe risk, the handling of different types of complex risks that they can share, the expertise of their underwriters with the underwriters that we have on the direct side. Similarly with Beaufort, Beaufort doesn't do reinsurance. They write larger properties in the D&F market, about 60% probably another 30% or so in the binder and some aviation. And we see the opportunity for that type of knowledge and expertise to be also helpful to our underwriters, as well as potential opportunities that our agents can submit business to a large syndicate with those types of skills.
Steve Johnston: I think the first thing, the comment about a couple of quarters of favorable development, had to do with commercial casualty and not commercial automobile. As we switch to commercial automobile and jump in if I am not hearing the question right. But as I heard it, you are asking about rate in terms of how it's doing relative to loss cost trends. But we do feel that as we look at lost cost trends, we look very much into the future and in the ratemaking process in terms of a trend being prospective, and where we think the lost costs will be in the prospective rate in policy period that we’re making the rates for. And so all the activity that we do in terms of claims, underwriting, loss control and so forth, we think it's been helping to dampen the loss cost trends. And then what we do with the analytic side and the pricing side has helped to get us rate that we feel that is moving ahead of the lost cost trends. And that is why we are seeing the ex-cat loss ratios moving down a bit from where they had been, both quarter-over-quarter and on a year-to-date basis for the commercial auto.
Steve Johnston: So I’ll try to do it in two pieces. So, when we talk about lost cost trend being prospective, what will the lost cost be in the prospective periods that the rates are being made, that's where all what you would consider traditional underwriting comes into play, whether it'd be loss control, better classifications, better claims handling, looking at the MVRs, just everything that you would do and the art of underwriting, we think has a dampening effect on the lost cost trends that will be experienced in the prospective policy period. Then we set the rates to be gaining ground on that lost cost trend using effective models and all the technology that we have and so those are the two levers. And so we see the traditional art of underwriting the impactful to the loss cost trends.
Steve Johnston: And Josh, this is Steve, just to throw some stats in there. Agencies that we've appointed since the beginning of 2017 have contributed $16 million or about 10% of the total new business written premiums over that period of time. And then just in terms of new appointments, there've been 120 new agency appointments here in the first nine months of 2018, including 54 that mark only our personalized products. It would be targeted towards the high net worth.
Steve Johnston: That’s the same. It may take some time. We’re certainly younger at it than some of the other folks that are out there. But the agencies that we’re doing business with are agencies that have done business with Will Van Den Heuvel for 25 years. And we think we’re bringing a good product to the market. We’re seeing some tremendous receptivity on the part of some of those agencies. So, I guess just as I mentioned on the commercial line side or my overall comments, we have no interest whatsoever in being a fringe player or a bid player in any agency we do business with. We will make a meaningful contribution to their success or we don't think that the relationship is worth pursuing.
Steve Johnston: Thank you all for joining us. Thank you, Michelle, for moderating the call. We look forward to seeing you again soon on our next year end call. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
J.F. Scherer: Mike, this is J.F. Scherer. The book is obviously heavily weighted, casualty versus property, we don't write coastal property in the NS company. The appetite ranges runs everything from special event policy, small special events policies to fairly sizable products liability coverages. I think part of the reason why we were doing so well is that what we write tends to be associated with the property and casualty, the standard size and account. So 45%, roughly of the E&S policies we write are accompanying Cincinnati insurance company package. The E&S premiums and losses are included in our agents' profit sharing. So they're very careful about what they place with us. We also have the benefit that our claims folks that handle the standard business also handle the E&S policies. So I think you all-in-all when you add it all together, I think we're getting more carefully selected business. We are patient about growing CSU and that our agencies write about $3 billion in the E&S business and their agencies. We'll finish the year around $250 million in CSU. So, we view that we have a lot of opportunity and we don't need to try to explode on the same stretch to write business that we're writing. So we're very comfortable writing the casualty side. We don't see ourselves expanding in the coastal property year. And so we're taking a -- and probably obviously, the management of CSU, Don Doyle and the rest of his staff, they just do an exemplary job in terms of how they review things and how carefully they promote things.
J.F. Scherer: Well, we’re feeling pretty good about private passenger auto that we think that the rate increases, the analytics that we're applying, are setting things in a good direction there. And we have been taking some fairly significant rate increases as we've disclosed in the upper single-digit range. On homeowner, notwithstanding the fact that the results don't look as good, we're pretty optimistic about the direction that we're heading there. High net worth continues to grow at a nice cliff. Historically, high net worth is been more profitable with middle market and we think that the team that Will Van Den Heuvel assembled in that area, a great number professionals with many years experience in high net worth space, will produce results that’ll be very favorable. We are seeing the negative trends that many other carriers have talked about. Our rate increases in home owners are mid-single digits and we see that strengthening over the next couple of years. And also in addition to rate increases, we'll continue to do what we have been doing relative to inspections and loss control associated with our homeowner book of business. We are seeing and have seen larger claims in the homeowner area. Those tend to be pretty volatile. Right now, based on what we've seen, we’re maintaining a fair amount of -- a prudent level of reserving, which you would expect out of us on that homeowner line. We have confidence that we think things will level out and that those results will get much better.
J.F. Scherer: And Mark this is J. F. I guess the only thing I would add to that would be that the things that we notice most and monitor motion most and seems to be affecting our book of business most is just simple base rate loss cost decreases by NCCI, that’s been pretty aggressive. We have -- historically, we've been a little concerned as that's -- those declines, for example, are a bit behind the times and that -- so we to a degree try to neutralize those. And I would also agree with Steve that if there's one thing that we hear from policy agents from their policyholders is the frustration they’ve in finding qualified workers. And so we -- there’s a pretty aggressive marketplace out there writing workers' comp, a lot of carriers that are offering agencies commission bonuses. We’re pleased with our workers comp book of business. I would say compared to many other carriers, we still approach it more cautiously, not pessimistically but cautiously, than others would.
J.F. Scherer: As far as the geography of the appointments would be a concerned, we have appointed a lot of agencies for high net worth in California, New Jersey and Massachusetts where we’re not active in commercial lines. Now, at some point, we will be active there and many of those appointments will be converted to commercial lines agencies as well. But there has been fair number of appointments there. As far as other appointments throughout the country, we are active now in downstate New York, Long Island. And so we're making a few more agency appointments there for commercial lines. But typically what we really are seeing is a fairly broad cross-section around the country where we have agencies. I guess it would fall in two categories; sometimes when the M&A activity produces sales of agencies in a certain area that can create a little bit of a disruptive effect; sometimes producers leave; sometimes we appoint the producers that leave, so we maintain a longer-term relationship that we had; and then we also supplement by appointments the agencies that have are not as productive as they used to be. So, I wouldn't say that there's any particular state right now or any particular geography in the country that is outpacing any other. We still make new appointments in Ohio, for example. So we take a look at every single territory and if we’re not getting the activity level we need, we go back to the existing agents and hope that we can write more business with them. But if that's not the case we appoint more agencies. As far as the productivity we're getting out of new agencies, it continues to be very good. Hoping to write 30% or 40% of agents book of business might be a little on the aggressive side. But particularly in some of the newer agencies that we're appointing are very, very large agencies. The consolidation, the M&A activity have produced very large agencies. And so while we may not necessarily aspire to 30% to 40%, we continue to aspire to be the most significant contributor. I think that's the best way I would describe that the most significant contributor to that agency's success over the long-term.
