David Simon: No, no, no, you're wrong. It's -- we were just showing our share, so compared to the gross number last quarter. Okay. No, it's a good question, but it's just our share.
David Simon: No, it's just -- it's probably most impacted by our European and international business, as I mentioned earlier.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, it's progressing the way we thought it would. There's a big master planning in the works on Cherry Creek, but that will be several years in the making, but now, there's some good stuff happening in that portfolio as well.
David Simon: Well, I think you should think about it as a Company that can add value to what we invest in, and you should always -- you should never worry about quarter-over-quarter or you should look at annual results and compare them historically. So I'd just say that's generally, but I think where -- I think the most important thing is Craig, we're just a different Company than what most think of us.  I mean, we have lots of avenues for growth and our investments in retailers and other companies has proven to be extremely successful and it will create some variability to quarter-over-quarter but year-after-year, I think, when you look at our return on investment, return on our EBITDA for those businesses; it's actually quite outstanding.  And if you look at the valuations that e-commerce companies are getting for their.com businesses, we've gotten embedded value here that's pretty exciting. So I would never worry about one quarter over another.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, I just -- look, we're just not your -- we're more than just an -- even though, we're -- you call us a mall Company, I think we've proven to be beyond that, and that's what I'd encourage you to focus on.
David Simon: Well, I think it's going to take a little bit of time to get back to where we were pre -pandemic but, I think what's exciting, Steve, is that when we're talking to our folks there -- I was just seeing a tremendous amount of demand. Never been busier. Lots of new retailers, not -- a lots of new users. And I think the action is in our portfolio, so we'll have another increase this quarter upcoming, and then we'll increase our occupancy next year. I don't -- I can't, as you know, we never give specific guidance on that. But the demand, I strongly would tell you that it's -- it's very good. And it's across the board. It's the high-end retailers, it's the value-oriented retailers. We're very pleased with what we're seeing.
David Simon: Well, listen, we're obviously very dedicated to being a REIT, and staying a REIT. And all of these businesses are in taxable REIT subsidiary. And you see that in this quarter in particular, you'll see that the big tax expense that is flowing through our P&L. But because we tend to buy these in partnerships, we have really a runway to continue to grow that business. Not to mention that we'd still have our SPAC out there that is a -- in a sense a vehicle for growth. So I'm optimistic that based on our track record, we're going to continue to find other investments whether its retailer, similar situated businesses that will continue that -- add to our unique Company, and we'll take it from there.
David Simon: Well, let me just tackle the backlog in getting product to the stores, which does have an impact on us. You know, just with respect to our tenants. And then as well as the brands that we own. There's variability.  I mean, everyone is pretty comfortable or  -- I should say confident that they're going to get the product in there for the holiday season, but I would tell you that there's no guarantees, so there will be some variability  that we probably would have felt a little bit better going into fourth quarter, but we're cautious on it because we just don't know and it's out of our hands though. I did throw a shout out to Stanley only because by the way, I trained him, but just don't forget that. But he did tell me that he was going to -- if he had to go to the port of LA and unpack boxes to get them into the Penny store, he said he was going to do it. Ad I said, "Well, that's a great idea, I will do it too. We're on call to help, so that's that. If there is variability, I don't know, but I think generally, people are reasonably confident that they'll get this -- they'll get their product in for time -- for Christmas. Now with respect to employment, this as well beyond retail.
David Simon: And I mean, it's a -- with all the political back and forth going on, it's really not talked about. And just from a CEO point-of-view and just someone that's worried about growing our overall economy because obviously we are correlated to GDP growth, we've got to figure out whatever is causing the lack of employment growth. We've got to "Get to the root of it,” because it's not clear to me that there's a big focus on it.  And finally getting your last question, Thankfully, Michael, I have not seen it impact folk’s open-to-buy or their growth. Could it? Eventually, the answer is sure, but I -- we have not seen it yet. But the lack of employment is an issue, especially in its -- and some of our retailers are -- they're doing one shift, they're increasing the salaries of the people, there are less part time.  So they're combating it maybe in an a good long-term way because they're raising salaries and getting more loyalty out of that, but the increase in restaurant demand has been phenomenal. And that's the area I worry most about, is just -- ultimately, whether the employment picture could slow that demand -- I don't know, right now, but it's a concern.
David Simon: It's -- we're not going to rule it out. It is our property, domestic property business just to put it in perspective, Michael, is around 80% of our cash flow earnings. However -- FFO, however you want to define it. So then we have the 20% other stuff. And I just worry that if we do get into that, we'll spend more time on the 20%.  Now, 10 years from now it may be different, 5 years from now it could be different, the 80% could be 50%. And then, I agree 100% with your encouragement or point-of-view that it needs to be better articulated. The other option is we could sell our dot-com business for the huge number and -- like some of the others out there, and then you'll ascribe a certain value to it. Believe me, we wouldn't rule that out.
David Simon: I mean, I'm a terrible seller as I have admitted. In any event, I think -- look, I'm excited about what we're doing. I do think it's still -- it's more -- it's a tail wagging the dog, but it's an important tail and it's a beautiful tail and it wags nice and it's very friendly. And as we grow that, I think you're -- I think what you say is certainly appropriate.
David Simon: Yes. Alex that was just our international ops. So if I didn't say the word 'international', it's just because I've misread it on the script. I said it. It's just international, it's the only business that I would say is under our initial budget for 2021.
David Simon: That's a good question. And I -- and it's by country, in a sense. So there is no simple answer that I would say to you. It's very much how COVID is impacting that country. As you know, Europe was much generally -- in France and Italy, much more stringent on how they open. And as you know, we -- our friends at Klepierre had to deal with almost a -- which, by the way, LA County almost did, but we'd have to enforce whether or not people had vaccine cards to let them in a mall, which thankfully a cooler heads prevailed but it really is a country-by-country.  We're seeing a little bit decent results in the European outlet business and Clay Pears (ph) feeling more confident about what they are seeing. But I would tell you, Asia is generally no, Japan is pretty tough but they have had a pretty strict, shutdown, Korea is doing just fine. I think generally, the U.S. is clearly outperforming. Other -- just from retail sales than other parts of the country -- other parts of the world, I should say.
David Simon: I'm hopeful '22 will be a better year for them, just like '21 was for us. So -- but there will be more proactive gentlemen, I say they, I mean, again, it's country-by-country, but in many spots we'll be more proactive with COVID if COVID spikes.
David Simon: No, it's a push. It's an economic push that was the whole design, and so forth, Alex. The intent was to be economically neutral.
David Simon: Well, one, you got to remember here, looking at annual numbers here or even quarterly numbers, there were a variety of retailer businesses that we didn't own last year. So that's part of this noise when you looking at it year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter. That's a big piece of this. JCPenney didn't close until year end of last year, which is a big driver of this. So you got a different population, if you would.
David Simon: This is the -- well, ABG more or less owns the brands. A lot of brands in the license income. The retailers run the e-commerce and operate stores, so it's essentially like any other retailer and the valuation of those should just be the way you look at any other public Company retailer. I will tell you today, from an EBITDA multiples, retailers reward value to the higher EBITDA multiple than Simon Property Group.
David Simon: Well, the licensing, I mean, it's -- that's a -- licensing business -- are you amortizing the cost of buying the license or not? So the brand -- if you don't -- they have a higher margin, but the gross margins of good retailers are in the 60 plus range.
David Simon: Not currently, a. They've got, I think -- we'll see how it impacts '22, but not rising costs from our standpoint in '21 -- shouldn't be all that material.
David Simon: Well, other than the drop in occupancy, I think in terms of operating, it's probably pretty similar to '19.
David Simon: Not really, a. I think the fixed CAM, and obviously it grows in many cases tied to CPI, is just an ease of doing business with the retailer and I don't see that changing.
David Simon: Well, now I -- we look at these things on an annual basis, but I'd hate to put a number in. But we're going to be really, based on where we were and what we guided to, we'll -- we should double it, more or less, right? I mean, I think, what do we guide to 4% or something like that? So we should be in that range.
David Simon: Thank you Floris. So I would say -- look, our overage rent is going to be significant this year, but I do want to put -- I want to underline, we still do not have international tourism. So we think there's another -- and I don't believe now, the rules of who can come where and how and whatever, are very confusing. Having -- make my own two international trips, I get confused on what I have to do to go from one place to the next.  But next week there is a lifting of international tourism. We'll see whether it has any impact this year, as I doubt it, but even with overage rent having a very good year this year, we still think that there is another leg up if we get the international tourist that we haven't seen for a couple of 2-3 years, right?  And now, the strengthened dollar may offset that to some extent but we'll see. On your question about lease, this 1, I think some of the folks that wanted to tie their rent too -- and we did it in a select few cases, not a lot. But, yes, they may suddenly think maybe they should do another traditional, go back and do a basic deal.  But by and large, Floris, there's not a lot. I'd say the negotiations about the structure of the lease and overage rent. I call it overage, but overage rent and breakpoints -- it's all pretty -- it's all -- I'd say pretty consistent. So not a huge change in what's going on there.
David Simon: I think we're going to have a very good year in '22 on that side. Because again, there's just a better appreciation for our kind of product and demand is good there. And growing and traffic is still reaching previous levels. So I think they're going to have a very good year this year, but a better year in '22, at least from our initial kind of review of that business plan that we just had recently.
David Simon: Listen, I always worry they tell me what I want a hear, but what they're telling me, okay? And what I'm seeing in my own -- having to deal with a few retailer space demands, demand is good. So I think -- listen, the world is uncertain as all get out, right? I mean, we all know it's just an -- it's a very interesting time. The last several years and the future are no different. But Floris, the good news is, the demand for our product is good. And our folks are busy, and they're hitting the streets, and making deals. Again, we never give an occupancy number, but I would be very disappointed if we didn't have an uptick in occupancy next year.
David Simon: Well, overage rent does -- is impacted by holiday shopping. So there is some seasonality to it. We don't give out the specifics on what deals are percent versus fixed, though, the -- it's not a very big number.  I mean, overwhelmingly a high, high, high percentage of our leases are fixed and sometimes we have unnatural breakpoints which we can get into the mechanics of that later, if you'd like, where we do maybe -- and in COVID, this is -- we did a few -- a handful with some retailers where we may be lowered the fixed, but we got greater upside on sales. But 90 some odd percent of our leases are all fixed rent. And I think I answered your question, unless I missed something.
David Simon: Look, I think, we're -- I'd say where A assets, there's -- I mean, I have discussed this before and not to bore you, but there's not a lot of buyers, and sellers realized how valuable they are, and they want a really low cap rate. There's no A asset in this country, that would sell for anything above a five cap rate. My opinion -- in my humble opinion.
David Simon: Well, it's lease by lease to build that number up. I mean, demand is picking up, so we're focused on driving our cash flow. But again, as I -- maybe you missed my -- it wasn't overly compelling, but you missed my opening remarks. In that I would recommend again, I know -- I'd recommend you just look at the cash flow of the Company and not overly worry about a metric here or there. It just -- it all manifests itself in the cash.  In terms of when that will end up in base rent is really, as I said earlier, is just going to be functional when that particular resource, when it expires. And traditionally, when that does, we're usually pretty effective of trying to garner as much of that overage rent or that percentage rent above the break-point back into the base rent.
David Simon: I don't think so. And honestly the credit profile of the retail community is not bad. I mean, there's always going to be a few out there, but I would say generally the credit profile is pretty -- not going to look pretty good. So the retailers are always pruning the portfolio and so on. But I don't think the supply chain is going to cause -- it might unfortunately cause a local mom and pop some stress but I don't think it will cause it a regional or bigger chain, financial calamity.
Brian Mc Dade: Hey Caitlin, it's Brian. There's actually a one-time $48 million number coming through there from the ABG transaction that we had in the quarter. So you got to bifurcate the 2 numbers. There's a 48 and then the rest is just our normal regular occurring operational tax accrual.
Brian Mc Dade: Sure. You have just seasonality and timing on the retailer side of it, and then corporate and other, the bigger changes that we recognize as last quarter, a large amounts of termination income.
Brian Mc Dade: It's probably -- that's 22 this year, almost $30 billion. The market is open from a refinancing perspective in supportive of high-quality assets.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good afternoon out there, David. I didn't realize that you and David -- that you and Stanley are both union long shore men able to work on in the LA Long Beach periods, that's pretty impressive.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, I -- if you didn't work, it's pretty tough work unless you can get to the crane operators, those guys make good money. My question for you, and it sounds like Tom, we get two questions, so I love it. David, it sounds like in your opening comments, you said that you were a little bit behind budget because of some of the COVID closures that you were still experiencing.  Despite that and backing up the ABG intellectual property gain, which is awesome, you guys don't handedly beat. So I know you guys -- I know David, you like to run your career really hard and with -- and do all the fun stuff shout, get your team excited to win.  But still, it's hard to say that you guys were under budget when you beat consensus as much and it sounds, in your answers to Michael on store openings and labor and all different things, it doesn't sound like there really -- any headwinds. It sounds like you guys are just really rebounding strong. So what was the below budget related to as far as --
Alexander Goldfarb: And then on your international folks though, are they telling you, "Yeah, by January 1st, the rest of Asia, Japan, Europe, France, all of the -- all the different countries in Europe. Everyone should be back? " Or is there just a continued concern that those countries are going to continue to punt on reopening’s and ease of COVID mandates such that '22 is as greatly impacted on the international 
Alexander Goldfarb: Just a quick question for Brian. On the new line of credit where you switched over from LIBOR to SOFR? The net, end of the day, the economic impact, you guys are still -- are basically paying the same cost for this switchover. You guys are ending up paying a little bit more, maybe it's a little bit less I don't know.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Just checking if you could walk through maybe the quarterly volatility. I know you told Craig not to look at quarterly variances and I apologize for this; but given the movements, it does seem like last quarter, it was reported at share -- this quarter is that share.  And the retailer NOI dipped and the corporate NOI dipped as well, but the guidance went up, so I'm just trying to put these pieces together, maybe get the components for those two NOI pieces, retailer, corporate, and then tying that back to the guidance question that Mike just asked.
Juan Sanabria: I'm just focused on sequential because the numbers did go down for -- it seems those two buckets on a share basis, the retailer investments NOI and the corporate, and other NOI s.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. And then just more of a conceptual question on retailing. You guys own different pieces of the retailer landscape you have, the licensing, your traditional -- the licensing, an intellectual property licensing in the traditional retailing.  How do you think of the multiples that you would apply for those or the stickiness of the cash flows. And if you could talk about typical margins. Just trying to get a sense of where the EBITDA is coming from between those two pieces and how you think about those two pieces as well.
Juan Sanabria: Between the licensing and traditional retail, yeah, because you have the ABG Investment which is talking about the licensing business.
Juan Sanabria: Are you much higher than where you were in '19 or are it kind of adjusted for occupancy changes like margins are more or less the same in your mind or kind of 
Juan Sanabria: And I was just saying are you thinking about the way CAM is structured any differently now, given the prospect of higher inflation or -- yeah, just curious to get your thoughts there.
