David Simon: Well, I just -- we don't report spreads, but they're wildly positive when you focus on comparable space.
David Simon: Sure. I would say, this is something we monitor every single day, in good times, bad times, mediocre times. We have yet to see any pullback in opening new stores or renewals. So, there's been absolutely no impact. And you're always going to have a deal here or there that falls apart for all sorts of different reasons, but nothing based upon the macro conditions. And I would tell you, Alex, that where -- they're seeing most of the pressure is in the e-commerce business. So the flight toward bricks and mortar is real. It's going to be sustained. And if they're in the retail business and they want to grow, they're going to open stores. And it's that simple, because the returns on e-commerce just aren't quite what everybody talks about. And so I think you've seen that and we've seen no slowdown whatsoever, there's always going to be a deal here or there. But if they're growing retailer, they have to put the money in bricks. Highest return on investment, we understand it as well as anybody because we see the e-commerce business, not just in the brands that we own with ABG, but also at Penney and RGG. And it's been a difficult year for e-commerce and bricks is where the action is.
David Simon: Well, look, you're always, as any kind of CEO, you're always worried about the macro environment. But I will tell you what gives me unbelievable confidence going into the next few years is, the realization that - what we have been saying is that don't underestimate physical retail. And it’s kind of repetitive what I said earlier, but I'll just reinforce. We feel really good because physical retail is where the action is. That's where the return on investment is. And so even though if we may slow down next year or even into the holiday season, I don't think the growth from our existing business is going to slow down because the demand for new deals and space is there. On the retail side, I -- we're trying to -- one is I don't want to make a huge deal out of it. Two, is I want people to understand we've made an unbelievable investment. So we're getting a 50% return on our net investment there. So if it goes to 70% or it goes to 50%, it's -- we are going to have volatility, but it's still the hell of an investment, still being a great thing for us to do, to not only understand but what it takes for retailers to be successful, but kind of where the future is. So there will be volatility in that, but our better brands in there like Brooks Brothers, Lucky Jeans, Monica, really doing well. I said to you on the last call, the lower income consumer is tightened their belt and we do have a few brands that are affected by that. But even with that said, we have an unbelievable return on investment after tax from the earnings that those businesses throw off. And we're also making investments in that -- in those businesses. So, I expect those investments to pay for future earnings growth. But the macro is concerning, but look, rates will have an impact is probably the most direct impact that we'll have next year. But I still feel like demand and bricks and mortars where the action is going to be.
David Simon: Sure. Let me -- I'll take the last one. I mean, we expect to garner a lot of the percentage and overage rent to minimum rent as these leases roll, but they take time to roll over. And our average lease term is probably 7 years. So it's not going to happen overnight, but it will happen over time. And remind me your first question? Occupancy. Thank you. So Look, I think we're still on track to achieve our goal -- I mean, I -- frankly, I think we've done an unbelievable job in increasing our occupancy and increasing our cash flow since the shutdowns. So hopefully, in '23, we'll get back to pre-COVID levels.
David Simon: It's really in the asset management business. So I don't see it buying -- I don't see buying malls in that platform under any circumstance. But they have a lot of institutional relationships as do we, and we think, our working together, we'll be able to separate account money to invest in kind of the opportunities that exist in real estate. They're great place-making real estate. So there'll be some of those opportunities. They are also historically a big German fund operator. We expect them to continue that and they look for opportunities both internationally and domestically, not in our core business, but in other forms of real estate. So I think between essentially kind of the historical separate account business. They have their premier fund, plus their German fund business and then our adding to that platform in terms of owning 50% of the business. I think it will be attractive for institutional and retail investors, not retail real estate investors, but retail investors to potentially want to have Jamestown invest in real estate form.
David Simon: Well, look, I -- we're pushing the group to achieve that next year. And Floris, I would say to you the biggest issue for us next year will be just getting our pipeline open. And a lot of these are really good retailers with really good stores, and it takes time to build them and open them. So that will be our challenge. That will be our primary challenge to reach next year's to get back to '19 levels. But I'm hopeful that we can do it, and we are pushing very hard to do that, which is, I think, pretty much ahead of schedule. It's a very fair and good question to ask that because I ask that every single day. So you and I are on the same page. On the pipe.
David Simon: The first part was what? How big would the -- what I'm not sure. When did you -- you broke up there.
David Simon: Yes -- we're not disclosing the private company, and we both chose not to disclose it. So I think you asked the size of the deal. I'm sorry, Craig, you're breaking up some. I'm guessing that's what you've asked. They manage roughly $13 billion of assets across their various funds. And we are hopeful that over time, it's not just quantity, but there is quality involved, but there's no reason why we can't turn that into one of the bigger asset management players with their expertise and our expertise combined, their reputation and our reputation combined, we think it will be an attractive platform to raise additional funds to invest in real estate. And I am hopeful that we can more than double it. I'm not going to put a number out there, but we didn't do it to be flat. We did it because we expect to grow their assets under management. And given the existing size, we think we can grow it with time pretty significantly.
David Simon: I would say it really started at the beginning of this year. So look, we -- again, spreads -- ultimately, you see it in our minimum base rent growth. So -- but that's a huge -- that's everything. So it takes time. But if you -- and again, we want you to focus on cash flow growth as opposed to spreads. But if we were to track comparable space, space leases to same space, it would be wildly positive, more than the $6 per foot that I mentioned. But we don't then we don't want you to like be obsessed with that either. So, we're trying just to focus everyone on occupancy, minimum rent growth, we've outlined kind of where we get the variable income where we get our contractual income. It's all in the 8-K, and it all manifests itself in the NOI. And that's what we want you to focus on. But if you were to take the subset, which is space for space that's like it's pretty damn impressive. And our renewals are positive overall. And so that's changed. That you're right, over the last certainly in COVID we got -- those renewals were tough that happened to show up during COVID. But I am happy to report renewals generally and new deals with ending space and new space is wildly positive and that's manifesting itself in our comp NOI growth. Then you add that to the pipeline, and that's why we feel good about next year. But unfortunately, the only negative next year will be getting stores open and getting this 200 basis point type open and operate. And that takes time because the retailers that we're doing business with want to have the proper looking, they want to have a proper look in store. But we are very pleased to see the spread story change.
David Simon: Yes. That's a good question, Chris. Right now, we think the -- if we do run into a recession, actually, from the standpoint of new projects, actually, we see a slight benefit. They sound counterintuitive, but construction pricing for new projects is higher than what we want to see. So I'm hopeful that any slowdown will demonstrate will reduce cost of new construction, which we will then want to like move forward more aggressively. So it's kind of counterintuitive. But again, I'm not looking forward. I don't want to recession. I hope there's not a recession, but from the standpoint of redevelopment and new development, we actually -- the counter cyclicality of cost of construction may actually be one of the side benefits that we can take advantage of.
David Simon: Yes. I think you had less -- we had a reduction in overage rent, right, would be one of the reasons. So that's another trend. Juan, don't forget, we mentioned that we took a charge for the legal write-off and to reduce that line item as well in the current quarter. And then we do have certainly cost containment, as you can see through the P&L. So all of that mixed together drove the levers to higher NOI growth.
David Simon: Well, we -- look, I mean strategy-wise, we always try to convert our overage rent into minimum rent. So you -- certainly, some reduction is associated with it. And then usually '21, obviously, on sales was pretty strong. And in certain cases, percent rent where we -- it's not so much the overage say, the percent of rent, we have some tenants that are just purely percent rent. They've had slower sales since '21, and that's showing up in the numbers. But -- we're still very pleased with the results. So I think those are kind of the big picture. We'll continue to reduce percent in overage rent as leases roll over. On the other hand, our sales are rising and the retailers focused on the higher-income consumer continue to spend, and that's good for us as it shows up in our cash flow.
David Simon: Well, again, I wouldn't focus too much on quarter-over-quarter. There is volatility in our numbers because of overage rent and other factors, layoff like Regal, which is highly unusual that it would manifest itself in a material number, but it's important to point out. So look, I think you have to go back to the beginning of the year where we thought because '21 was a really banner year, and we were very conservative in our comp NOI estimate of 2%. We're blowing through that number. We'll see what the fourth quarter brings. But it's -- our comp NOI growth is going to be really strong, and we continue to expect it to grow next year as well. So you've got to look at this over 2- or 3-year period as opposed to quarter-over-quarter or even year-over-year. And we're making a tremendous amount of progress a number we were one of the few industries that were literally mandated the shutdown, and we're kind of back up and running and producing results that are pre-pandemic, which is very good to see. And we'll expect to see comp NOI growth next year even in the face of a potential recession.
David Simon: Well, we don't know. I mean you're in bankruptcy, we -- my guess is they'll come out of bankruptcy as it's an ongoing business, but we have to wait and see. I'm sure they're going to restructure the debt. We're experts in understanding bankruptcies, but I would imagine they'll reward and some of this may come back as its pre-petitioned. So in order for them to assume a lease. They have to clear up to the pre-petition rent. So it gets very technical and complicated. There's trade-offs, we'll just have to see how it goes through bankruptcy at this point. And -- but I expect them to continue to operate. There could be a couple of theater closures in our portfolio. Some of that will be fine. And -- but we have yet to have a -- I think their debt and financing is, I think, just about approved or was approved. So it's going to go through a process that we've -- we have seen hundreds of times.
David Simon: Well, sure. I mean it's -- yes, because we obviously take into account our existing income stream from that space, which includes if we have average 1% rent. And we're -- we look at it in totality but we expect the total income stream to go up. And coding tends to be minimum rent increase and some assumption on overage. That's why rent spreads are kind of whatever you -- whatever you want it to be. That's why we chose not to do it. So as an example, our -- when we disclosed it historically, we included everything. We had minimum rent against minimum rent. We did not factor in overage. Well, Taubman as an example, when they did their rent spreads, they included some assumption on overage. Well, when they disclosed it to their rent spreads, is that beneficial or not beneficial. I mean, to the -- so to me, it's like, hey, it all shows up in cash flow man, so you see the cash flow, see the NOI. So, that's why you guys be very careful with rent spreads. That's why they're more manufactured than they should be. They're in some cases, take assumptions and whether you want assumptions or not, we'd rather not have assumptions. So we just say, here's the math. Minimum right, you see our overage, see the NOI next question. So -- but when we look at our -- when we go lease space by space. We're looking at the total income stream before and after the renewal or in the case of a new tenant to see whether we're going up or down or it's flat. And what I'm telling you is the trend is up pretty straightforwardly.
David Simon: Yes. The stuff out there, we're very close to some of the larger accounts just takes time to do renewals, paper and all that stuff. So that's all moving not no real concerns there. Go ahead, Brian.
David Simon: Absolutely. That's what I -- yes, we said we expect comp NOI growth next year. And obviously, that includes the expense side as well.
David Simon: All right. You can sneak in a few extra questions there. I think that was it on the question side. So thank you. It's a change of pace to it in the morning, but we did it in hopes that you got home early enough to trick or treat. And hopefully, you have a great Halloween. So thank you, and we'll talk to you soon.
Brian McDade: Yes, Floris, this is Brian. We're still running about 200 basis points. We've added stuff and we've taken stuff out as we opened, but we're running around 200 basis points consistently.
Brian McDade: And Ki, you said there about the 200 basis points. Let me just clarify. That is included within the current occupancy level. It is space in the leasing that has been done but hasn't commenced paying rent. So that is next year effectively will be partially next year's growth.
Brian McDade: Sure. Look, we actively monitor markets at all times, and you've seen us numerous times react ahead of maturities or at maturity. So we would expect to continue to keep our pulse on the finger of the market. Unsecured today is approximately 6% for us.
