David Simon: Well, I would say, over the majority is related to bankruptcies. And remember, Steve, we are very focused on putting the right tenant in the right space. And when a -- we’re at the mercy of bankruptcy court. So, the reality is, you file Chapter 11, you can reject the lease at any time, and as you know, the build-out and getting the space leased takes some time. We do expect that we will get back to where we were last year, maybe a little bit better. But again, that will depend upon if there are a little bit more bankruptcies or not. So, it’s pretty much what we expected. Remember, as we gave guidance, we thought we would get back to where we are. We’re processing the bankruptcies. And then, I would say, I don’t know, 20, 30 basis points are probably just the new space that we’ve added on, so in that range of 70-30, somewhere in that range.
David Simon: It is recurring. It’s just we don’t know when it recurs. So, that is basically the distribution we get from our interest in value retail. And so, it does manifest itself. Just so you know, I know a little bit about accounting. So, we cost account for that. We do not equity account. And so, when you cost account, you basically only record cash. That happens to be a cash distribution. And it does happen. It’s happened every year for the last several years. It is lumpy. And that’s what it was from. We’ve put that in that line item because it’s technically a distribution. Now, that’s a function of -- it’s cash flow, refinancing activity, I mean, it all goes into a pot there. But, we cost account for that. And then, we only book it when we receive the actual cash.
David Simon: I think, it’s going to continue at these levels. We are -- if you look at our balance sheet, you look at very little exposure to potential rising rates, the underperformance of our stock price, the kind of the mood is getting better, retail demand increasing. Market’s now recognizing it, why not buy stock back. So, I think, we will continue that. I think, just like anything else, like we typically do, we will be cautious about it. But, it’s certainly in our plans.
David Simon: Well, at this point, given what’s going on, I really don’t have a lot for sure, other than we’re dedicating resources and efforts to it. I hope to have something to talk to the market about later in the year. I wouldn’t compare it to whatever it’s called one labs, Westfield Labs, I’m not sure what that’s all about. We’re actually working on this right now. We think about it all the time. We are a retail real estate company. But, we have the flexibility to think about other investments and other ways that technology can improve our consumer experience without jeopardizing basically the core business. And that’s a huge focus for the Company. As you know, our -- even though Tom wanted me to take it out of my letter, I did hit to the market kind of what are marketing connection to the consumer brings every year; it’s in the letter. Thank you for reading the letter, first of all. And I mean, it’s real money. You capitalize it. It’s a real business, depending on how you want to capitalize that. I think, we have this huge connection to the consumer, 100 million consumers, 2 billion visits a year. So, a lot’s going on there. But, I’m not really ready to get granular with you but I hope to do it by the end of this year.
David Simon: Right now, we’re building but I wouldn’t rule out strategic investment at all. We just -- right now, it’s tough for us to make any investment. So, you look at how those values are compared to our values. But there are -- we have a tremendous amount of optionality on how to continue to grow our business because of the position that we’re in. So, we’ll continue to look at everything under the hood. As you know, we make investments through our venture group. There could be larger; we’ve tended to make those kind of relatively small investments, but there could be larger investments. We’re building something right now that I think will be very interesting. And that’s the thing that I’m referring to that I hope to -- they view by at least by the end of this year, but as you know, when you’re building something, it’s always a little -- it’s not quite like building a mall but there a lot of analogies to it.
David Simon: Not really. First quarter had no -- had utility expenses, there were -- it was a little bit -- we had a little bit of spike up in those. We’re also adding some properties to it, so that those numbers tend to go, but basically, our utility expenses and snow expenses. As you know, the spring is not sprung yet. Maybe it’s springing right now as we speak. So it’s really more of that. I wouldn’t read anything else into that.
David Simon: When you get bankrupt space back, you wait for the right tenant. It’s really just typically part of our strategy here that we are looking at the regional local markets a little bit more in detail. So, we tend to do those a little bit shorter-term sometimes. But, it’s really just a function of us recycling our portfolio through. Now, remember, in our occupancy, we only include leases that are over a year. So, the 94.6 just concludes; that doesn’t include like short-term leasing that is just three, six months. But, all of that is about a year.
David Simon: Yes. And remember, a lot of those month to months are leases that we haven’t finalized the negotiation with. So, we tend to take a big retailer. Okay? Maybe they’re headquartered in San Francisco, and I won’t name names. Believe it or not, just because of the two organizations back and forth, we may not have those leases negotiated completely. So, they are not going to leave and then come back. So, those tend to go month-to-month. And what you’re looking at in the 8-K is essentially that backlog. So, you need to differentiate between short-term leasing and month-to-month. Month-to-month is basically our total book of business that we have many national retailers in ‘18 that are done. And those tend to be done throughout ‘18. Even though we try to get them all done, we may have a strategy not to get them all done for all sorts of reasons. So, I think you need to separate those two out. Those month-to-month are primarily national retailers that have just not been finalized and they go. And remember a lot of our leases expire at January 31. So, a lot of reasons don’t get -- believe it or not, don’t get done until May and June. And don’t ask me but that’s been year after year after year. So, I hope you understand the difference.
David Simon: Let me repeat. So, you see in the 8-K is mostly vast majority of national tenants that we have finalized our deals, they automatically go to month-to-month, in our 94.6 only leases that are a year older in that number.
David Simon: Yes. I would say to you that just off the top of my head, we have at least 20 major projects, one of which is under construction. Now, we have to move the fire station at Phipps. But Phipps is a great example where we’re building a hotel with Nobu and a restaurant and an office building. There is no residential there. But as you know, we already built residential in our development there. But, we have a lot of residential. So, like -- and Craig you know the portfolio. So, Stoneridge and the East Bay, significant amount of resi will be part of the Sears redevelopment; same thing with Brea in Orange County. So, I wouldn’t say it’s mostly hotel. The reality is I think, you’ll see more and more resi built. And just a gross number, at least 20 but we’re building a hotel and Sawgrass. I mean, it’s all over the board, it’s something that we’re excited about, and it’s something that we’re dedicating more obviously capital, but also human resources toward.
David Simon: I’ll let Rick speak, other than Bon-Ton is a nonmaterial event for us. We’ve already got users identified. Again, we don’t own all of the real estate. So, some of it will be out of our hands, at least for some period of time. But Rick, you can add to that.
David Simon: We basically have already identified users for virtually every one of the stores. And as David said, there are some that we own that we’re moving aggressively on right now; there are some that Bon-Ton owns, some that are third-party owned. But, we have users. They have said yes, let’s make finalize economics. And we would hope to have information about that later in the year. The stores aren’t going to even come back till third quarter while they finish their process.
David Simon: Look, I think it’s all. It’s offense; it’s defense. The reality is, those numbers are all in our numbers, so, however you want to look at it. I don’t think it’s that critical to say it’s offense or defense. When we do make an investment in our food hall operations, that cost and that income that we get is all in the numbers that Tom provides in his 8-K. And just remember, and we don’t talk about this, we’ve been thinking about it, I’ve been think about it. The 8-K we have here is just the approved projects, ready to go that we -- our own capital committees approved. It does not include our soon to be approved deals like a Phipps or all of the Sears redevelopment that we have to deal with at the end of year. And that’s basically -- it’s more than a shadow pipeline but it is significant amount of investment that we think we’ll get accretive returns on. But, I would just say that simply, yes, it’s both; it’s offense, it’s defense. The cost and the income from that is certainly in our numbers. And the world wants newness, healthy food, community place to hang out, all of the stuff that’s really good. There’s a lot of great operators. We need to do more and more of it. We’re excited about it. Our peers have done it. They’ve done a nice job with it. And I think it will continue to continue to move forward. Now, on some cases, we may take it out because the reality is, there’s a better use for it. And each -- the thing about real estate is gather these trends, but the reality is it’s got -- it boils down to the location, demographics, and all that stuff that makes real estate unique.
David Simon: It’s a combination. I mean, look at -- each company is different, but look at just from the gap look at Old Navy. They are growing the Old Navy business. Now, maybe they weren’t two or three years ago. Obviously, the great thing about what’s been going on in our industry is there are more and more entrepreneurs in the food and obviously in the retail front. You don’t have to know -- I know, Rick -- this is usually where Rick updates his list. Let’s move to call along and we’ll avoid it. But, he’s happy to give it to you. There are more folks. I mean, our new business group is doing new and new deals, new ideas. Our business always recycles itself; it’s done it for so long. Our product has been around for 70 years. And despite -- and I don’t want to blame -- I don’t want to like being negative on the media. But, the media wants this one narrative, but it’s just not reality. And look at our numbers, okay? We’re going to make $4 billion this year. Okay? And that’s -- yes, I mean, it’s not perfect. I’d love for everybody -- I’d like not to have a slight decrease in occupancy and this, that and the other. But, it’s -- we’re in good shape. And I think the business generally is getting a little bit firmer. But, and again, and I go back and Tom might know it, but I wrote an article, my shareholder letter in ‘15 and I told you my concern about the leverage going into the system on retails. And the two big bankruptcies this year had basically -- Claire’s had nothing to do with its operation. It’s all about too much leverage. And Toys R Us, it was about the fact that it was so levered to begin with that they could never invest in the product, whether that’s online or in the stores or anything, and the natural media narrative as well as the mall, well, it’s not. Look at -- peel the onion, figure it out. And Tom, when did I write that in my letter, ‘15? Nobody reads my letter, but the reality is I told you about it in ‘15. So, that’s where we try to explain it to you methodically. We show it, we back it up with our numbers. And every retail is different. But the reality is we just feel a little bit better than -- now easier you feel better when you don’t have all these bankruptcies. But we’re going to have some more. And no, I’m not going to tell you which ones. And yes, some of it are because of operations or not -- the life has passed them by. But that’s been going on in our business forever. Traffic is up, sales up, demand is up, and our numbers are catching up.
David Simon: Well, let me answer it this way. We’ve made a deal with Sears to control 12 boxes. And when I say Sears, I should also mention Seritage. Our total investment in that -- now some of these are not this year, the five are this year because we’re getting those back this year. But, the 12 in total is about $1.2 billion and that will flex little bit up and down. So, you should look at the total amount as opposed to the five. But, you’ll see the five start coming into our 8-K. But, I would I say to you that you look at the 12 and it’s about $1.2 billion altogether.
David Simon: Yes. There is no question that that will have a reduction in retail space. Because remember, we have Penny, Macy’s, Nordstrom, and it’s a tight size, but it’s a great piece of real estate. And ultimately, it will be a residential, office and still retail. But, I’d say, roughly retail would be cut in half, more or less, in that range. Obviously, this is a process over time. We’ve got to go through the approval process, but the retail there will be dramatically reduced.
David Simon: Well, look, I think a lot of this is happening with our Sears stuff. So, if you consider Sears a retailer, in theory, it’s taking that out. I mean all the 12 -- now, in a lot of cases we’re just changing the mix, but it’ll still be retail. So, I would say to you, a lot of it is reducing the department store, not so much the small shops, but really reducing the department store square footage and not the small shop. So, the income opportunity is really enhanced because as you know, either they pay very little rent or to buy the box on an accretive basis because getting small shop kind of rents or we’re having mixed-use development. So, in a lot of cases, the retail will be reduced in total, but it’ll be mostly department store reduction as opposed to what you and I would consider small shops.
David Simon: It’s early. Listen, the critical path there’s approvals. And then, once the approvals come, we’ll start to build. So, it’s a -- Seattle is obviously a great market and a great city. And this is a great piece of real estate. The new metro line is -- it basically comes off in our parking lot. But it’s a multiyear process. I think, the most exciting that we’ve got that the market could focus on, if they want say okay, what are you doing now would be Phipps. I mean, Phipps’s Belk leaves August of this year. We demolish the store. It’s a little complicated because we got to demolish the party and then go up. But that’s going to happen. That’s basically -- we have this odd process here. I mean, it’s basically -- they’re finalizing all the numbers. But that will show up in either next quarter, closely thereafter. But it’s for all intents and purposes a go deal. And it’s roughly, if I remember right around, 350 million bucks. And it’ll be accretive. And it is going to make that real estate just tremendous, fantastic. The only thing that could flex there is the office. But we think a brand new building there in that area with that parking and those amenities will be exciting. And we will be doing a new food hall there as along with the Life Time Work and Fitness and Sport, Nobu hotel restaurant. That’s going to be the one you can say, well, this is great, you guys talk about this all but this is actually happening. Northgate’s a year or so process. But the other big ones to look for are Brea, Stoneridge and obviously KoP. I mean, those are the big, what I say to you are the big four that are all going to be programmed in here in the next year or so.
David Simon: Well, last year -- I mean, this is the good news and the bad news. Last year -- as you know, the first quarter of retail operation usually loses, yes we had the tax benefit of that; this year, because of the lower tax and the operations are better, we had less of the tax benefit. And that’s really what it manifests itself. I think, Aero business generally is, they’re doing what they’re supposed to do. So, that’s a business that with a little elbow grease a less worry about comp sales and all this other stuff. I think we’re going to -- our operating business will -- should have an EBITDA -- and again, we only own 49%, but should have an EBITDA, I don’t know o $35 million. And we bought it basically one times EBITDA. So, I don’t know, people criticize me for it. But, somehow it’s working out. And as you know, they’re going to take on the Nautica operations. We think that’s another unique thing that can be done, the profitability of the Aero operating company. And then, our partner besides General Growth, Authentic Brands Group, continues to do an excellent job. And the brand development of both Aero and then ultimately all their brands, as well as Nautica, which we expect to close here in the next 30 days. So, it’s okay. We have a decent story to tell in our retail investments so far. So, it’s okay. It’s good.
David Simon: We don’t have those numbers there. But we have such huge portfolio we lost 1 million square feet in bankruptcies. Our small shops are 65 million. So, no matter how you want to do that Nick, it’s not going to be material. Okay? You can make up a number and do it yourself and you will see that’s not material. 65 million square feet is still 65 million square feet.
David Simon: Things come in, things go out; we round it. So, there is some rounding up and rounding down, but nothing out of the ordinary mix change. That’s it.
David Simon: Well, again, it’s a -- it’s a small investment. We have basically less than $30 million in it. So, obviously, it’s a very good investment. It does -- we bought it really, really fortunately. The team has done very good job. But again, our investment in this is basically $30 million. So, it’s not like I obsess with. I do obsess with making sure the operations continue to move forward in the positive manner, which they have been. But, it’s not -- for $30 million, I am not going to -- it’s not like oh God, we got to do something with Aero. But I am open to any of your idea that you’d like.
David Simon: Well, what I would say to you is the stuff that we’re working on now, again, part of the timing is -- the great thing about us is we’re not long development. So, we can turn it on and turn it off, just like our balance sheet. But, I would say to you the stuff that’s in the pipeline now is over $4 billion. And I would call that more than a shadow pipeline, I’d call the real pipeline. The difficulty in answering your question, which is not that it’s not an appropriate question, it’s just that it’s hard to tell you exactly when that will come on line. But, I would say to you, as Tom has described, it’s going to be about a 1 billion plus a year. I still feel like that’s the right number, because we’ve got this $4 billion pipe that I see and I can identify clearly whether it’s 2 billion one year, 1 billion another year, kind of it’s -- that’s harder to -- because a lot of these are little bit out of our control and that you just have to go through the approval process. But the real stuff is $4 billion. And all that’s like in works now. And so that’s why I still think that 1 billion plus a year is probably a pretty good number because it’ll take three, four years to get all basically done. And then, we’ll add to that as well because obviously even though we have 12 Sears stores, that’s not -- there is going to be more. That’s not the end.
David Simon: Yes. It was all pretty much in our initial guidance because it was unique situation that was -- that we had anticipated that was going to be resolved.
David Simon: On lease term, not really. And again, I just -- it’s always been part of our business, it’s an okay part of our business. Because if you can get the present value of lease obligation and then you get the space back, it’s not too shabby as my hero would say. But, I don’t sense that there’s anything really that’s going to be that extraordinary. And again, remember, Michael, it’s not in our comp NOI.
David Simon: So, Andy is here, he is conservative. So, that’s -- we’ll never jeopardize the balance sheet. Now, I don’t think we get rewarded for it as much as we probably should. But that’s fine. It is what it is. I don’t think the rating agencies appreciated it as much as they should. But that’s fine. It is what it is. And so for us -- I just think, we’re never going to be wildly aggressive on buying our stock back just because we want that ultimate flexibility. But the priorities are we’ll continue to buy stock back, the biggest priority we have obviously is we’re really excited about all this mixed use stuff that we’re doing and some of these big projects. That’s going to be the future of a lot of investment and growth. And then, we may take the Company in the different direction. Michael Bilerman mentioned the consumer. I mean, I wouldn’t rule out some interesting things from us down the road, because I think -- I just think we have the ability to do stuff like that that we should rule out. So, I hope that answers your question. And thankfully, we have a $1.5 billion cash flow after dividend that we can put back into the business. And we’re not over our skis. So, if we end up in a really tough recessionary environment, we’re not going to -- and I wrote this in my letter. We are not -- again, we are not going to -- the development community historically leverage-leverage, increase rates of return, blah, blah, blah. We are never going to push that to the limit even though it makes your return on investment that much better and all the other metrics associated with it. It’s just not who we are. So, I mean, I -- it’s a long winded answer. But, I mean -- so, we’ll continue to kind of -- what we’re doing I think right now is what we’ll continue to do. But, I want the option that if obviously if it gets different, I am going to step one thing up or decrease one thing up. That allows us. We have the optionality to do that.
David Simon: Well, first of all I would say, one or two points. One is, people that are looking for a mark on values, it’s a very, very healthy mark; and two is operationally, I don’t see -- we’ll wait to see. I mean, I’ll reserve judgment there but I don’t see a big significant change. I mean Westfield did a good job before. I am sure they’ll do a good job after. But, I think the most important thing is that there is a very healthy mark-out there if you are interested in those marks. I think from our standpoint, we will little to no impact.
David Simon: I’d say, generally, it was -- I mean, wasn’t like up 5%, it was up around 1 across the board and it didn’t really matter if there were outlets or malls; it was kind of across the board. The outlets tend to get a little bit more to hit because of the weather. But, even though -- even they were up.
David Simon: Yes, we are, even though it’s not as robust as it has been. It continues to move. Outlet sales were really, really nice in the first quarter. So, a lot more retailers are doing better. So, we were very pleased generally with the outlet results.
David Simon: Well, it’s really -- even though lots of discussion on this. Klépierre, there’s a supervisor board and executive board. We’re on the supervisory board but the executive Board really runs the company and makes those decisions. So, it’s really more important to hear from them. That was a Klépierre led efforts in transaction. Obviously, they didn’t do it without the supervisory board giving them the green light to do yes or no. But it’s really that’s question is really much better directed toward them.
David Simon: I don’t think so. I mean, I think they are all running their business I think very effectively. So, I don’t see that at all. They all have the good -- the ones you mentioned all have good properties, good management teams. I would imagine all of that’s business as usual, regardless of whatever corporate activities going on. So, I don’t think so.
David Simon: Well, I mean that’s a really good question and it’s a big question. And every retailer is different. It’s just - -I mean, believe it or not Rick, me, John Rulli and his team, I mean we’re -- every retail is different. We’re very focused on it. There’s not a standard response yet, but it’s -- it needs to be addressed in the future leases. Because we all -- we don’t mind internet sales. I mean, because we do think there’s a lot of returns associated with it. We obviously want those returns in the store because that facilitates a trip and it helps the retailer. And it’s all just a function of making sure it’s appropriately dealt with. So, it’s not -- it’s not an adversarial scenario but it just needs to be appropriately addressed. And we’re in the midst of trying to figure out what’s the right approach. And unfortunately, there’s not a cookie-cutter answer because every retailer does a little bit different. But it’s not -- we want the returns in the store. We want the trip in the store. But it -- as you know, I have been like, don’t worry too much about sales and I’ve been too prudent [ph] on that. And I understand why the market doesn’t like my view of that. But the reality, it’s becoming even -- there’s even a bigger gap on the focus on this because there’s more -- certainly more business being done online but that also means more returns. And the consumer likes to do the returns in the store. And the reality is this whole green effort, we wrote a white paper three-four years ago about the fact that we all want higher levels of sustainability from an energy point of view. And the reality is the internet and the constant packaging and the constant state of returns is really a lot less green than doing your trip in total. So, there’s a lot of stuff on this but I don’t want to bore you. But point is, I don’t have a good answer for you yet other than we’re working cooperatively with our clients to find out what the right answer is. And it’s not a fair share thing, it’s just -- as long as we have to report that number, I want -- we need to somehow -- the market needs to understand there’s this issue that’s out there.
David Simon: So, first of all, Andy, we’ll say goodbye to Andy, not till the end of this year. But, Andy has done a fantastic job as we all know. And when I wrote the comments about his retirement, I really, really meant them and not that I don’t mean what I write. But the fact of the matter is that I felt a -- in my heart how I felt about Andy. He’s done a tremendous job. He has done such a good job that there is no financing that we need to do. Okay? So, that’s kind of ironic, right? So this is a CFO that’s done such a great job, the reality is there’s nothing to do. I’m kidding. There is always something to do. But currently, the simple answer is, we -- looking more internally. We have some really good internal candidates. And I’m thinking more of that as opposed to external. But, I haven’t put a pin in it yet. But Andy’s done a unbelievable job with the balance sheet. He and I have worked together 25 years. He’s got the best relationships in the industry, banking industry. And we will certainly miss him but the reality is he’s done such a good job, there is nothing to do.
David Simon: 16 billion in the last three years, plus to revolvers that you got a great internal group that can step up into your commence, we always set a great infrastructure here with very, very strong candidate and the team environment in the finance department.
David Simon: So, the answer is I’m thinking about it. I’m getting closer and closer. But Andy is right, it’s a team effort. But, it’ll develop this year.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would add is that we’re maximizing our revenue. So, we go out of our way and try and make sure that we have as much space occupied for as long as we can. And we’re also able to incubate tenants out of that program. We got a number of tenants that have started with us temporary tenants which in fact end up going longer term leases because they find they can make money and like the experience.
Rick Sokolov: Interestingly, we have meetings every week with tenants where we’re in their offices and they are coming in the Indianapolis and we’re going over the portfolio. And that optimism is being generated out of those meetings where we are exposing opportunities to them. And where last year they would have said, we exposed 20 and they were interested in three and now they are interested in 12. So, there is definitely a more optimistic view; they more capital to spend and they are more focused on new opportunities than they were last year and that’s because of our optimism.
Rick Sokolov: I think, our tenants that are now recognized being that they are only going to and be able to increase their share by giving the consumer a better environment. And Dave has been taking about that for the last quarters, asking our retailers to invest in the store. And we’re seeing that more now. And that is in fact encouraging. One of the things that we’re very focused on is right sizing our tenants. So, where we have a tenant that we believe is got too much space, we will work with them and reallocate that space, get them to a smaller store, it’s more productive, we make money and we get back more space that we can lease to another productive tenant. And that’s just like manufacturing new space without having to build it. And so, we’re very focused on that. And the tenants are now more implying to work with us than they were in the last year or so.
Rick Sokolov: And I would tell you that a great example of that focusing not just on the box, the land at King of Prussia, the Penny store is going to be demolished. That gives us 17 acres of land adjacent to King of Prussia mall and that is going to be a significant mixed-use project with hotel, office, residential, restaurants, retail, and amenities. And so, that’s a major opportunity for us to substantially upgrade what is already one of the best properties in the United States.
