Richard S. Sokolov: Let me just give you a couple of metrics. Literally, our apparel now is down to the low-40% as an allocation of our GLA. More importantly, when you look at our new deals over the years, (09:52) we're literally having almost 20% less in terms of allocated to the apparel and shoes and food services, allocated is going up substantially.
Richard S. Sokolov: Absolutely. As you see in our spreads and our average base rent increases, we're able to continue to drive our growth in rents.
Richard S. Sokolov: And these are all tenants that we have in fact executed leases with and are opening stores in both our mall portfolio and our premium outlet portfolio. In the mall, UNTUCKit, Eloquii, b8ta, Peloton, Juice Generation, thredUP, Tommy John, Indochino, Flying Tiger, Calzedonia, Muji, Deavaley (11:34) Rituals. And these are from international, and Shinola, Nespresso. We've got – and frankly, I could keep going for another 15. On the premium side, we literally have Dockers, Cody, Basler, Hackett, Havaianas, Hickey Freeman, Karl Lagerfeld, Schua, (11:55) Lafayette 148, Marmo...
Richard S. Sokolov: And frankly, I could go on for another 30 names. The important message is, these properties are vibrant, there is a lot of demand and we're able to execute leases that are growing our rents.
Richard S. Sokolov: We frankly have done a very good job of bringing over to the Mills both our full-price mall tenants and our premium outlet tenants. So, the Mills now encompasses value retailers, full-price retailers, off-price retailers and they're very vibrant environments.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yeah. The only other point I would make and it's really lost in a lot of the dialog by the by Payless, Rue, Gymboree are all restructuring, all of those lenders are converting their debt to equity and they're going to emerge with very substantial retailers with much better balance sheet. You compare that in 2009 where the REIT creditors did not have the confidence in the sector, and they were taking a liquidation bid instead of restructuring and that seems to be missed in all of the other conversation out there.
Richard S. Sokolov: This is Rick. There is absolutely none. If you go back over the years, our TA per foot has been in a very tight range, and it remains in that range for this quarter.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, in fact, as we talk to them, it's not unusual for them, when they're opening their first store or their second store, they're going to want to do it in properties that they have the highest confidence in. But I will tell you that when you look at the e-tailers as a class, there are now over 280 stores in the United States from the pure play e-tailers that are opening stores and you go through in UNTUCKit, Warby, Bonobos, Blue Nile, Eloquii, Fabletics are all raising incremental rounds of capital that is dedicated to opening stores. So it's going to be a process, but I believe they have all recognized that having a well-positioned fleet of stores is certainly necessary and optimal for them to grow their business.
Richard S. Sokolov: We've seen it. So, for example, Eloquii opened their first store. They're now opening three more with us. Blue Nile opened their first store with us. They're opening four more with us. It's going to take time, but it's absolutely happening.
Richard S. Sokolov: Totally a function of the retailer. Some of them want a larger format like Muji. Some of them want smaller formats like Eloquii. And frankly, our job, and we've talked about this in other calls is to basically be able to manufacture space. And in our great properties, getting back space just enables us to drive our NOI by bringing in more tenants and raising revenue and raising productivity.
Richard S. Sokolov: On the renewal side, the answer is no. Again, if you look at what we reported, I think it shows pretty steady, consistent progress where we were last year in connection with our renewals for 2018. So, there is nothing there. In terms of geographic, not really. We have obviously a very strong and focused effort to get local tenants involved in our properties, and I think we're doing a good job with that. But there's no regional, geographic trend that would drive the leasing activity.
David E. Simon: Now, I would just add, Craig, the list of new tenants is as interesting as we've seen in quite some time. If you would like, Rick is absolutely prepared and, in fact, excited...
David E. Simon: Okay. I will tell you that it – from restaurants to new retail concepts, to e-commerce, to street, to malls, there's a lot going on. Now, Rick, without further ado, without further ado, please, please list off some of the ones that we're talking to and in fact doing some business with.
David E. Simon: Yeah. The sales there have done very well. We've added a lot of restaurants. It's just been a very good, solid business for us.
David E. Simon: Well. Christy, we don't – our industry gives out a lot of information, as you know, lot of operating metrics. We have always taken the position where we don't update our comp NOI. Obviously, if we didn't feel like we could hit the number that we give at the beginning of the year, we would tell you. But we don't update it every quarter. We have – we're not going to get into that issue, but we're always trying to outperform the guidance that we give to you and we'll see how it goes. We are – have a little more volatility maybe than some other folks because of our overage rent given our tourism properties, and that's trending in the right direction. We love the dollar weakening. But we got a year to operate, and we'll see where the number is. The most important thing is, if we felt like we weren't going to hit the number that we told you from the start, we would tell you.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think if I could take a step back and just talk about the company in a sense, I mean, we – Rick and I are like, I mean, we're – I hate to say it, but we're like really experienced in tougher times, okay? We actually do our best work in tougher times. I think a lot of that is because we have the judgment of when to fish or cut bait, when to help a person restructure, when not. A lot of these are judgment calls. But as you know, I mean, we have always more or less outperformed when all boats aren't rising with the tide. So, that's what we do. I will tell you it's not a very fun environment. We're working extra hard. We're pounding the pavement more than ever. We got to go get deals. We got to figure out. We got to restructure some. We got to do all that. It all goes into a blender. We'll use the best judgment we can. And hopefully, we make the right decision. Some of which we do a lot of times. But sometimes, we make the wrong decisions. We operate historically. And we can go through chapter and verse, but we operate historically when things are a little bit rocky at the very best of our industry, and that's what we're all about. So, there's no set answer. Every situation is case by case. I'd rather it we weren't dealing with this environment but we are, so we just deal with it head on, do the best we can. But I think we'll be leading the charge within our own industry.
David E. Simon: Well, I think that basically is a case by case basis. In this kind of environment, you do tend to do a little bit shorter-term deals because you are betting that the market or the environment will get better, but I wouldn't call it dramatically different. Less than 1% of what maybe our volume is in that category. But again, these are judgment calls. It makes all the sense in the world, frankly, in a lot of cases to do short-term deals, if you feel like the environment's going to get better. I know, in my own personal view, I could be wrong. But I do think that our environment is going to get better. But that's just my instinct. I would not necessarily bank on it but – so, in that case, I think doing short-term deals makes – it could make sense. But a lot of that is also – the thing about us is that we make the – unbelievably, given the size of portfolio, but we make decisions space by space, mall by mall, retailer by retailer. We put it. And so, every – we just don't – it's just not like, okay, you stamp it out. It's every deal is a little bit different, and that's where our judgment historically has at least allowed us to do okay in the tough environment.
David E. Simon: I think it stabilized some of our tourism properties. But it hasn't had what I'd call – I haven't really seen it big time yet. But we had a real benefit. We've been – I mean, we've been, as you know, for the last two years we have, as remarkable as our growth has been and industry leading. We have had an Achilles heel of a strong dollar and a reduction in tourism spend. So, again, you have to put that in perspective. I know we're a little bit bigger company. I know we all want to get granular to the last detail. I assure you, we do run that way. We have a lot of moving parts, and we've been suffering from that. And if we get to the point of stabilization and, in fact, an increase in tourism spend, I think, that's really good for us. But I think it's too early to call that yet.
David E. Simon: We don't – as I said to you earlier, we gave you our view of what our comp NOI will be at the beginning of the year. We do not update it quarterly. I don't think we should ever get in that business. I think, when you look at our business, you got to look a little bit long term not quarter-by-quarter. If for some reason we felt like we weren't going to hit what we told you at the beginning of the year, obviously, we would tell you that. We're not in that position. And the reality is that the occupancy dropped because, as I said in my prepared remarks, we flushed through various bankruptcies. We still have more to do and we – some of these things are negotiated as we speak. As an example, you've got Gymboree, which is in bankruptcy. We're negotiating now. Those things have deltas. The good news about our company is the size, the different avenues of growth, the different levels of real estate, the different product type, the international exposure, the way – the other step that we're going on and we'll be able to manage that, and we're – we haven't backed off our comp NOI. But we do not, Steve, do it by quarter. I'm sorry to inform you that. But as you know, that's been our – as far as I know, I don't think we'll update our guidance every quarter, but there's a lot that goes in that, but we don't update comp NOI guidance.
David E. Simon: I mean, I really don't know. But I'd say – and Steve Broadwater is here. He's telling me throughout the quarter.
David E. Simon: Okay. So, remember, Ben Crenshaw at the Ryder Cup, when the U.S. was down and they had that feeling, I'm not ready to call it my Ben Crenshaw moment. But what we're dealing with some of these troubled guys. I would – it's very interesting. A publication just wrote about kind of the biggest problem in that area. As you know, I wrote about it in my shareholder letter in 2015 that I saw the handwriting on the wall from some of these leveraged retailers, can't have too much leverage in any business frankly, let alone the retail business. You're talking to a guy that has done workouts in the early 1990s. Rick is a workout guy, too. We're – I think we're getting through most of it, but there are still some out there that may or may not hitch.
David E. Simon: Not really. I mean, obviously, the big potential pipe that we're – will happen is the big department store recapture. We're being very methodical about it. We are being very focused on paying the right price for the real estate. We're also very focused on how we manage it internally in terms of resources. But that pipeline will be big. It will be material. It will be beneficial to our real estate, but we're going to be reasonably methodical about it.
David E. Simon: Well, I don't want to comment about any one particular retailer. But generally, if a retailer is in bankruptcy, obviously, that gives them flexibility to basically cancel the lease. We kind of know. I mean, it's not – it's – sometimes, we're surprised. Obviously, there's a lot of games of chicken played. They hire workout guys that are meaner and tougher than Rick. We have stare downs. But you more or less know, in bankruptcy, kind of what's going to shake out.
David E. Simon: Well, I'm not really going to answer that question, okay? So, that's – we're very focused on what we're doing. I'm not going to really get into that debate, Alex. I'm sorry. And we're – that question is better addressed not to us.
David E. Simon: Well, I do think property type plays a role into that, for sure. I mean, there's no question about that. But I also think the depth and breadth of the organization plays a role in that as well. And I think we're an important vendor to a lot of retailers because we have good real estate where they make money and we do a lot of things to improve the portfolio. We're doing a lot of stuff on the marketing front to drive traffic. We're here to help our retailers with all sorts of programs. I'm always somewhat surprised on the ones that do participate and others that don't. We can help drive traffic to their store. But I think it's just part of – we've – I would say we've pretty much outperformed year-over-year. I'm looking at Steve and Tom. They can give you the numbers. But we pretty much always had really leading comp NOI growth, so it doesn't surprise me that we're leaving the pack again this year, including the strip center guys. We're – we've outperformed them as well. So, I don't know. I just – it's just something that we take pride in. There is no guarantee that we'll continue to do that. But it's – that's what we've done historically in terms of strip centers, malls, retail or whatever.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, the – I think part of the issue is that we've consolidated some assets with our European outlet business. So, you're seeing a little bit of that in terms of the revenue growth. Now, on the other hand, expenses there, they don't operate probably at quite the margin we do. But there is no – we are such a size (32:12) that there's just nothing that you're going to point to that's that out of the ordinary. And we try to run very efficiently. I mean, we kind of knew, as you know, what we did on the corporate G&A front. We knew this was going to be a tough year. Rick and I and a few other executives are taking some reductions in comp. We just think it's a right thing to do in this environment. So – but the one thing that we will not do is run these properties so that they are not – we think of our real estate as hotels. And that's not to say we perform this. But if we – we have to have a good product, and the product has to feel good to the consumer, and we're not skipping on that side as well. But you had some movement...
David E. Simon: We had some movement in these numbers from what's consolidated and what's in the JV and some portfolio movement which my guess is more of the answer to your question than anything else.
David E. Simon: Not at this – when it comes into force in 2019. In 2019, we'll give you that number. But we don't at this point. But I'm sure our number will be comparable to anybody else's.
David E. Simon: I think – look, I think, Paul, here's what I would say too, and Rick said it but let me just say it as well. The retailers always will tend to go, as Rick said, to the no-brainers early on. But then they realize the profitability they make and then they will grow. Depending on what kind of retailer they are, that could be 400 stores, 200 stores, 50 stores, 20 stores. The news that's important is that, in this cluttered world of trying to get people focused, we are seeing more and more brands that want to gravitate toward where traffic is, and traffic continues to be in a number of centers. And I do think, from the e-commerce folks, there is – not all, but there is a limit to attracting eyeballs online that they can't get in the physical world. Now, I mean, malls are getting a bad rap, but the reality is we see it in media, we see it in the entertainment world, we see it on the food side, we see it with the theaters, they – we see it with the fitness guys like at Life Time. They all want to congregate in the best location and where the traffic is and by and large in communities throughout the country, that's the mall. And that has not changed. So, I know the narrative might be a little bit different and I know, obviously, retail is under more pressure than it has been in the past, but I have my own theory on that, which I've explained to you in a few shareholder letters. But that's the good news here. Now, that doesn't mean that there's – you have to cycle some of the poor performers out with some of the better ones. And by the way, we've been doing this for quite some time. We all remember Woolworths or W.T. Grant or Steve Roth is on the phone doing his thing, Corvettes. I mean, you go down the list, Caldor. I mean, that's just the way it works. But between media, virtual reality folks, they want to be where the traffic is and where people want to hang out and that's by and large the kind of stuff that our industry has. Please don't lose sight of that.
David E. Simon: I think the biggest issue is they don't have any debt. So, they can – I mean, without the debt, they can invest in their business. And it is a self-fulfilling prophecy. You have too much debt, you obviously have to service that debt. So, how do you service that debt? You reduce your investment in the stores or your investment in technology, you reduce the inventory in the store, right, because you can't afford to have the inventory in the store and you reduce the service. You put it all together and it is self-fulfilling, without question. And unfortunately, we've seen that. And so, the most important thing is, when they are restructured, they have – they now have the cash flow to do those three things, hopefully invest in the store, hopefully invest in more inventory, hopefully invest in better service and, to some extent, technology. So, that's the model. And unfortunately, we've seen it go in different direction. But we're hopeful that, as Rick said, we're seeing some of these folks restructure. We're here to help them within reason to do that. But it's not our fault that they're in the spot they're in. And let's not lose sight of that. We are, on the other hand, been investing in our product, we've been investing in our services, we've been investing in our marketing. We have not run from our responsibility to make these physical asset better and to communicate with the consumer directly to get them excited about seeing what we have to offer in our – in the physical world.
David E. Simon: You have to look at Aero – yeah. You can't really look at Aero quarterly. But you got – for us, we look at it annually. And obviously, the first quarter was a huge transition, a big loss which I don't think the market understood. That's why we might have been off a couple of cents or $0.02 or $0.03 in consensus. That's very normal for a retailer to have their losses early on and then start to make it back up. So, what we're seeing in Aero is exactly what we thought we would see, but we don't give quarterly guidance. I will tell you this, though. They had a – I mean – knock on wood, I mean, we're seeing very good progress at Aero and we're still comfortable with how we modeled Aero in our numbers. Our increase in guidance has nothing to do with Aero. So, we're still got in the totality of the Aero results the way we saw it at the beginning of the year. But they had a good second quarter and back-to-school is percolating. Lot of work to do there, but this is a brand that had $900 million of sales and it's got a core constituency and we think it's going to be okay.
David E. Simon: The straight-line reduction was a function of the – if we have any straight-line receivables on our books and somebody cancels a lease through bankruptcy, we have to write it off that quarter. And that's why you saw a pretty significant decrease...
David E. Simon: No, no, no. It's – basically, the vast majority of that is essentially the write-offs of the bankruptcies that we may have had on our balance sheet.
David E. Simon: No, sir. All primarily the bankruptcies. We got to write off that receivable right when the lease is rejected.
David E. Simon: Yeah. So, I just – nothing major there other than we did – I think we did have a write-off on our old revolver that may have gone through the second quarter because you got some of that on the balance sheet.
David E. Simon: Yeah, the redemption, which we had an extra 30 days. And then, we also have the consolidation of the certain MG assets as well. So, nothing unusual there other than a couple of consolidations and the extra time on our – extra 30 days on our redemption.
David E. Simon: Sure, no problem. Operating: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David E. Simon: Well, for a real estate owner, look, I think – look, I like the spot we're in, especially if there is more volatility in the capital markets. I think we all have to be careful with too much leverage in any industry or in any business. I live through it. Rick live through it, which is good for our shareholders to know that we've got a few spurs on our boots, right? Spurs on our boots, right? That's not on our results, right? It's on our boots. But I don't want to give you specific numbers. I think every company needs to come to their own metric. We're kind of disciplined. And then, the A rating, we want to maintain that. But I think every businesses – everybody should come to their conclusion. I would hate to give you a number that's right for the industry.
David E. Simon: Well, I have a lot of interesting thoughts on it, but I will provide none of them on the record. But I do think it's – the good news for us, as an industry, it does reinforce that, in my opinion, the importance of connecting with the consumer through a physical business. But beyond that, I really – I mean, we really don't – I really don't want to comment on that. I mean, I have a lot of opinions. But I just kind of share them with my board and some of the guys here. But I don't really want to get into that. It's not – they're just my opinions, and who knows if they're right or wrong.
David E. Simon: Look, and I think entrepreneurialism is back. Lots of people want to start up a business. We're seeing explosion in the food area. We've obviously seen explosion in the fitness and wellness area, cosmetic area. So, all of that, we've seen it in the mixed-use area. So, I think that's all good. The stuff does take time. You do have downtime. But in that sense, we're excited about having the ability to broaden our mix, which I think is very important for us to do.
David E. Simon: Well, I said I'm not ready to declare that, okay? But I'm starting to think about it, and we'll see.
David E. Simon: Well, we always think about selling some assets here and there, and we'll continue that. But we're not – we've never believed to sell assets just to sell assets, we got to get the right price. We go through a very detailed analysis to do that. And if we feel like we're – we'll get a fair price, we'll sell some, what I'll call, non-core assets. But we're not under pressure to do it, and we'll continue to cull the portfolio though. Okay? Thank you.
David E. Simon: Well, listen, I – the great thing about real estate is it's so unique that we've operated in three major areas and we could get caught up in the macro viewpoint of a country or a – where capital is flowing. But at the end of the day, it's all about location and supply and demand. So, let's take Japan as an example. Japan, from an overall macroeconomic environment, you would think to yourself, boy, the retail is going to be terrible, okay? But yet, we've got great properties, we got a great product, we have a great partner and we've been kicking tail for each and every year in Japan. So, we look at it. We really – and obviously, you want to be careful about where you allocate capital if you don't have – if you have a concern generally about the country and property rights and stuff like that. But we've avoided those kind of countries. And I would say, right now, we feel good about our Asian business. We opened up in Kuala Lumpur with Genting. It's off to a great start. We just opened in Provence, France. It's off to a great start. Another one in Seoul. So, I think we can still make money selectively. It's important to know macro trends. But at the end of the day, it's all about the local business because I kind of learned that just watching the Japan scenario play out for us. But at the end of the day, we feel really good about kind of how we've allocated where we are. We can be opportunistic outside of the U.S. But our core focus will continue and always will be the U.S.
David E. Simon: Well, I think what – that deal was good for both companies, good for Seritage, good for General Growth. And there is possibility win-win intersects between us and Seritage and Sears for the foreseeable future, and we will try to create that environment and I'm sure they will as well. But there's no guarantee. Anything could happen, but we're always looking to create win-wins for our partners, Seritage being one of them and Sears indirectly in that they're in a lot of our real estate. So, a deal like that made sense for both of those parties. It certainly is possible as we think about things, but it's got to be a win for us as well and, obviously, for the counterparty.
David E. Simon: No. If it's – we define it in our – if there's a lease that's longer than a year, it's in the – all amendments are in there, okay? And that's defined in our 8-K exactly how we do it. We don't make – we don't give guidance on rent spreads. We give guidance on – we don't give guidance on occupancy necessarily. We kind of give you a flavor for it. We don't give guidance on tenant sales. We give guidance on FFO. We give guidance on our comp NOI. And I'm not going to make predictions of rent spreads. I will tell you that they were down from a couple years ago primarily because of the general retail environment and, obviously, some of the tenant restructurings we've been dealing with, and we'll see how it shakes out.
David E. Simon: Well, as I said to you, I'm out of the big deal business. And I really haven't changed that point of view. If somebody wants to call and talk to me, I'm certainly going to take that call. But I think, Floris, it's – I wouldn't overreact to one person's quarter here or there that we're outperforming. I will say, over a long period of time, we've tended to have really good comp NOI growth within our – if you want to call us a mall company, we've been at the top of that, and we certainly have outperformed the strip center guys over the same period of time. Some of that is a function of what I said at the end of those marks, but it's really not fair for me to like comment on other people's numbers. And I wouldn't react to other folks with one quarter here or one quarter there. Real estate is a long-term business. You got to invest in the product. I think we all make too much out of one quarter here or one quarter there. All these guys are good operators or they wouldn't be here today. And I think you just have to give the benefit of the doubt to people in our industry. It's easy – I think – well, I don't want to go there, but the fact is it's – no one should overreact to one quarter or another. I think everybody's doing the best they can do.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think our industry certainly compared to other industry is being mispriced and I'll leave it at that. I think you can be a successful B mall operator. I don't think you're going to zero. I will tell you that without question. I think a lot of these what people want to call B malls, if they're in the right town and that town is stable and they're a good operator and they're focused and less worried about trying to please Wall Street but more interested in pleasing the community, they can do fine. Their growth may not be as robust as the ones with what I'll call "A" properties, but they can do fine. They may never be able to satisfy Wall Street and the institutional investor wanting kind of real estate that you could put on an annual cover, but they can do fine. But it's got to be focused on the community first, what they can do for the community and then the rest can follow. But look, having well-located real estate gives you a lot of opportunities to change it up over time and to make it better, which is what a lot of us have been doing for decades, not 5 years, 10 years, not 20 years, not 30 years, but 50 years, 60 years, Talban (01:06:28) 50, 60 years; Simon, 50 years, 60 years; General Growth, 50 years, 60 years; CBL, 50 – 40 years, I don't know. I mean, that's a testament to those guys and a testament to their product, and we shouldn't lose sight of that.
David E. Simon: The answer is, I have no comment on that. Our joint venture continues to do exactly what we thought it was. HBC has been a great partner. I've got all the confidence in the world in that team. Richard Baker is a very creative guy, but it's – we're not a shareholder of HBC. So, it's just not – it's not – there's nothing I can comment on that activity.
David E. Simon: Well, we don't like selling stakes in malls. Obviously, you do it if you need the financial flexibility. But we've always looked at bringing in partners, if there's a new opportunity and we want to manage our balance sheet. That's the way we've looked at it so – but, Michael, institutional investors aren't always right. I mean, so, sometimes, they buy it. I'll never forget. I had one of the biggest and best sovereign wealth funds. I begged them to help me buy General Growth when they were in bankruptcy, and that was an 8.5 (01:09:20) cap rate, and this was before all the histrionics on the recap and all that stuff. But just – let's go buy it together, and the guy wanted a 9.5. (01:09:30) And I mean, so, they're not always right. I don't really have a comment on it. We're really not that active looking for institutional investors. Now, if we had a new deal to do something, I think we'd find the capital, but we haven't been really out looking for it. I think, on the B mall, the mall activity is starting to percolate. There's probably more people thinking about it a little bit more and somebody, I believe, in rolling up the – what is perceived as the downtrodden, whether that is the reason it's debatable. But what is perceived as a downtrodden, it's going to make money. It may not be appropriate for a public company – for public companies. But somebody is going to buy a lot of this stuff with cash flows and make a few bucks. Rick and I may – maybe we're going to start a new company so...
David E. Simon: I think that's the silliest idea in the world. Honestly, why would I want to sell an A asset to make a print for you to be comfortable with and then you say, oh, it's great. But then, oh, but that's only the top of the portfolio. Or you have to sell B assets now, and C assets and E assets and D assets, it's a short lived – we don't think about like that. We think about operating our business, how to make it better for the consumer, how to market better, how to lease it better, how to redevelop better, not financial engineering that will be short-lived and have no impact. Why would I want to give up growth rate – a growth rate of an A asset? So, you will say, well, that's great. But what about the rest of your portfolio? It just makes no sense to me. We don't need to now. I understand if you need to because you need the financial flexibility. But as evidenced our ability to raise $1.350 billion in three hours, thankfully, we're not in that spot. That's just not what we do. But like I said, if there was a deal that we felt was good, I think we could raise institutional capital if we wanted to. Maybe we don't. We don't need to. I just – I am – I just don't understand that logic. It is short-lived. I mean, others have done that and they got a one-day pop. And now, they've lost the growth. Now, look, they did it because maybe there is too much exposure of one mall and I get – and maybe they needed the capital for other things. So, there are reasons to do it. But to do it just to print so it makes the NAV investors happy, I don't know. Forget it. It ain't happening.
David E. Simon: So, I do think the narrative is a little more negative. I think a lot of that is facilitated by investors making the other side of our bet. It's interesting. It's like I have a lot of points of view on certain transactions out there. We have never really seen that before. It's very interesting to see how that side of the world operates, but where we're – we got to deal with it. So, look we after this meeting Rick and I are going to be spending six hours approving capital projects to make our properties better, and that's how we're thinking about the business.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, okay. It's hard to kind of account for the timing of when you spend the CapEx which is why I asked that question. And...
Ki Bin Kim: I just said sometimes it's hard to triangulate and to account for the timing when you spend the CapEx versus when you're doing lease – doing new leases.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And second question. In 2016, you guys capitalized internal leasing costs of about $49 million, still a very efficient number compared to the size of your company. But just going forward, I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the new accounting rules that are coming out that might require you to expense most of that.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Hey. It's Michael Bilerman here with Christy. Thanks for taking the follow-up. David, I wanted to take your comment about the sector being mispriced from a public stock perspective. I'm curious in your conversations with institutional investors either your – some of your current joint venture partners or prospective partners, how they are thinking about the business both from your non-core potential asset sales or stakes in some of your high-quality assets and how those conversations are going and trying to navigate that mismatch.
Michael Jason Bilerman: If we think about – if I make an analogy Q2 back in 2009, and I guess to go back to that time, but you did pretty big solid for the industry, right? You issued debt and equity and allowed the REIT market, capital markets to reopen. Isn't there some sort of analogy of being able to sell some interest in high-quality assets at remarkable cap rates to sort of prove evidence in some ways about where the stocks are trading. And I don't know if whether you agree with that or not.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Well, okay. Your point is, if you needed the capital, you would do it otherwise, as there's no reason to put up a print on the screen, which I understand.
Michael Jason Bilerman: The last one. Just the overall environment with a lot of the headlines, the news media, even your retailer, public retailer conference calls. And I would say some operators and I know you said don't look at one quarter, but not all of the mall brethren operate at the same level you do or able to strike the same type of deals that you can and being able to stay ahead of the trends. That's why you are you and they are they. But how do you not let that whole perspective negatively impact the environment and become the self-fulfilling prophecy to some extent.
