Richard Sokolov: The only thing that I would add is that we have certainly been opportunistic in that business and built a number of shopping centers that were incorporated into other projects we've done. And that's another important reason to keep that expertise within our platform, so we can take advantage of whatever development opportunities present themselves.
Richard Sokolov: The rent negotiations with retailers haven't changed in 30 years. They're going to seize upon whatever facts are currently out there to argue for lower rent, and we're going to seize on whatever facts we can to argue for higher rents. And right now, we're still seeing firming demand. There is very little new development to the extent that the retailers are looking to grow, and an increasing number of them are. Given their cash flow generation and the profits, we're going to hopefully have an ability to increase our rents as our occupancy moves up. But that is certainly something they are focused on and, legitimately so, it’s out there.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, I believe that they're going to have to deal with that on their cost of goods sold side of their margin, and we're going to be looking to increase our rents in line with how our sales have gone up.
Richard Sokolov: Let me unpack it. One, as David mentioned in his comments, the demand for our anchor and big-box spaces is accelerating. If you look in our 8-K, we've listed all that we've added. We had a very robust program in '10. We've shown you in the 8-K those that are currently totally nailed down for '11. We have almost double that amount in the pipeline. And when we’re -- if we get spaces back, we're going to be in a position to bring in a number of retailers, and we've demonstrated a pretty broad array, including Bed Bath, Best Buy, Target, Kohl’s, theaters, health clubs. There's a lot of demand for space. Again, there's not a lot of new development. I don't know that I would agree with your categorization of growing department store closures, because if you look at the announcements, Macy's, on their entire fleet, I think, announced three; Penney announced six, and these are minimal closures and very much reduced from the percentages of store fleet that we were looking at several years ago. So we really don't see that coming down the pike. And the last thing I would tell you is historically, we have done a very good job of redeploying the department store space that we've gotten back from companies like Mervyns and the May-Macy's consolidation, Lord & Taylor, Parisian and we make them better.
Richard Sokolov: We have constantly monitored their performance for a very long period of time. They have been a net loser of square footage in closing underperforming stores. It's obviously a big relationship, one that we are incredibly focused on, at David and my level, and spend a great deal of time on it. We obviously hope for them to be as productive and as good a retailer as they can be, because that only helps our properties.
Richard Sokolov: Let me just answer the first question. Obviously, we would very much hope that they are going to continue to move up, but we have a very nice problem in that our sales are growing at 9.4% a year. Don't forget, we only roll a certain percentage of space every year. So it takes some time to make up that ground when you have good sales growth. In terms of our negotiation. Every negotiation we have is driven by what's the quality of the mall? What's the type of tenant use? And what is the quality of the space within that mall? And those three things drive how we price our space, and we are constantly trying to get the appropriate market rent. When tenants complain to us that our rents are too high, we point out that we don't set the market, the tenants do. And if you look at our occupancy, obviously, there are people that still believe they can make a lot of money at the rents we're charging, or we're going to constantly keep pushing that rent. And the other point I want to make because David emphasized it, all the capital we're spending in our portfolio, renovating properties, modernizing them, adding anchors, adding department stores, expanding them, are only making our properties more valuable to the retailer, because they're increasing the total sales we have and the productivity of all the other tenants. So not only do we get the returns that David talked about, but we get the incremental benefit of having a much better shopping environment going forward, as we go to re-lease space rolling over there.
Richard Sokolov: Well, we, frankly, the most important happy fact is that we've leased dramatically more square footage. And as we are doing more and more deals, we're spending a little more and more allowance. But when you look at that number, it is, on a per-square-foot basis, pretty consistent.
Richard Sokolov: Well, the ones that are particularly active now are like Love Culture, Gymboree is rolling out, Crazy 8, ENCORE Shoes, Pandora. We're doing a lot of business with Sperry and Stride Rite that are divisions of Collective Brands, rue21 and Forever 21 remain very active. And happily, we're also spending a lot of time with the restaurants. So we've got a number of California Pizza Kitchens opening in the portfolio and Red Robins. And we've also been active with Ann Taylor Loft. So there's a very good core group of retailers that are still looking to aggressively grow.
Richard Sokolov: We've seen the same trends. Obviously, some of that was just a function of rebounding off of depressed levels in '09. But clearly, I just saw Estée Lauder reported yesterday, and their better brands had better performance than their more moderate brands. And I think you can see that across the landscape that the better consumer has come back stronger, and we're seeing that as well in our properties. The other thing that's really been very apparent in our properties is that the centers that benefit from tourism are being incrementally benefited with above-portfolio sales growth, because the tourist is back substantially. And that obviously is also helping.
Richard Sokolov: The company that has been making certain efforts in that regard has been Sears, where they've done a couple of areas where they've been able to do a partial use in part of their space. But again, as David alluded to earlier, the single best, most profitable use for these boxes is as a performing department store in a chain. If you put the multiple of EBITDA on stock price, it usually dwarfs the real estate value of that box for any other use. And I think that's why you've seen historically over time relatively few closures, and why you see stores working now that the environment is more stable, working to find new opportunities to build stores. And we are going to, hopefully, have a number of announcements over the next six months of department stores being added to our properties, because they're looking to grow. And that's a very productive way to growth their top line and their bottom line.
Richard Sokolov: I think that's right, the ones we've looked at, frankly, we've been seeing NOIs that are in the offering brochures. So when we underwrite it based on potential decreases of that NOI, because of sales levels and co-tenancy, we're coming up with fractions of the NOI even in the offering book. Now maybe we're conservative, but we've got so much we can do at better returns in our portfolio. It's very difficult to take a reach and try and buy somebody else's problem.
Richard Sokolov: Look, they're now actively leasing and they have direction. But candidly, last year and the year before, they were trying to actively lease as well. So we've competed with them for a very long time, and we'll be competing with them going forward. And we intend to, hopefully, continue outperforming them.
Richard Sokolov: I couldn't really tell you that. Look, the last couple of years, we were all very focused on a lot of exterior forces. We're just focused on trying to grow our business and really didn't spend a lot of time focusing on that.
Richard Sokolov: Well, look, certainly, with the vast portfolio we have, we have a handful of centers like that. And like I said, I think if the market stabilized for those kind of centers from a value point of view, it's conceivable that we could sell more assets than we have. We've actually, over the years, been a very -- we've never been afraid to sell assets. So we've sold a couple of billion dollars, if not more, assets over our period of time. So I think if the market gets better, we'd certainly look to do that. I don't think that, that necessarily needs to take the form of some kind of corporate restructuring. But it's always good to prune your portfolio, if you can.
David Simon: Well, look, all we can do is continue to do what we do. I think if anybody should be given the benefit of the doubt, it's us. I mean, the numbers that we were able to produce with the Outlet business as part of our franchise are unprecedented in real estate. And what can I tell you, we'll continue to do what we do. But I don't see that business stand alone being able to produce the results that it can as part of our company.
David Simon: One of my friends in the industry sent me a bunny -- have you ever seen these bunny movies? They're basically done by a little animated bunnies, but they take a movie and do it in 30 seconds. So I wrote some notes about CSC that I thought I would just share, because it was the lot of press, and with the takeover panel rules, you can't really talk to the press and the analytic community about it. So if I could, I'd like to just address it in totality. And this will be, hopefully, I can do it in 30 seconds. But you can go on YouTube and do Bunny movies and pick your favorite movie and you could probably watch it in 30 seconds. In any event, and that's not paid advertising, by the way. I have no idea who does Bunny movies. But let me give you my 30-second summary of CSC. First of all, we've been a supportive passive shareholder for three years, despite their underperformance. We always considered our stake as an option, if and when they decided to sell. The Trafford sale, we thought, had two problems, price and structure, in terms of issuing shares at a discount, which handed control to Whittaker. We asked them to restructure the deal. They wouldn't, despite the market's poor reaction to the deal. Based on our view that they were handing control to Whittaker, we decided to make an indicative offer that was subject to due diligence. We would have never bought the company without due diligence. Management refused to provide due diligence regardless of whatever take-out price we would have come up with, which reinforced our view that they were completely entrenched. They responded with a restructure of the Trafford deal, which we forced, put out a ridiculous, indicative value range, further demonstrating management's focus on entrenchment. The CEO and the press said that we were a nuisance, even though our presence forced a better deal with Trafford and benefited their shareholders. The Chairman said that the shareholders are one of many things they consider as fiduciaries, but not at the top of the list. We never made a firm bid. The company relied on South Africa's shareholder base, which has many different agendas, given they're wanting exposure outside of South Africa. And we're looking forward to them reaching their indicative value of 625p. It sounded like more than 30 seconds. But in a nutshell, that's our view of CSC.
David Simon: Well, I think it's our nature to, obviously, the Milton Cooper view of the world is certainly our view. I would say that. Second, the comp NOI growth that we are looking toward this year is comparable to what we had in '10. We do have this $0.05 problem with Opry Mills. So it's not a huge thing. It's a temporary thing. We do expect to rebuild that center and get it, not for '11 though, we hope to get it done by early '12. Look, in '10, we had some benefits of bad debt expense and so on. But I think we're looking for a similar number.
David Simon: No, I think we're moving in trajectory for '11, I think, in the right direction above spreads. So I don't think there's anything unusual there.
David Simon: I just would add that I don't think there's any market at all that -- where a self-managed -- I have no inside knowledge of this, obviously, but I don't think there's any market at all about a self-managed, one-tenant REIT that's going to go access the public markets. I don't see that happening.
David Simon: It can and has been historically. And it's a function of price and value, and we did some of that last year. Ross, as you know, Houston and, unfortunately, Opry, it's a little unlucky with Opry. And the Great Mall of Bay Area, which is a very good asset. So I do think there's opportunities there with time and it wouldn't surprise me.
David Simon: There is, but we're in the middle of a dispute with the insurance company, but we took a conservative approach to it.
David Simon: It should, ultimately. I think, again, it gets to a little bit of the property type where the demand is. But certainly, sales moving in the right direction help; the demand at the better properties is, obviously, fueling that. And hopefully, with the economic stability that seems to be in the system, I think the more moderate centers will have the ability to flatten the rent. And when we did, there's no question we had a handful of centers that actually had negative rollovers due to the economic scenario. And we're starting to see a little bit more stability in that lower group of centers. And that will be important because that does have some impact on our spreads.
David Simon: Well, I think we've got a lot to do in the U.S. this year. We're very excited about all that's going on with the properties in terms of redeveloping them, transforming a number of them. We are really busting hump on that effort. So I'm very pleased with that effort, and we're making tremendous inroads. I mean, a couple that, frankly, a year ago, I didn't think we had a shot at doing, we're going to start this year. A couple of them are The Mills malls, which includes Southdale and Southridge. So I think the effort is, really, I've been really happy that we're really humping on that front. So we've got plenty of to do there. And Jay, and the bottom line is we'll always look both domestically and internationally. Externally, we don't need to do anything to do a deal for a deal's sake. There's no one that's done more deals than us. Yes, we haven't always gotten the deal, but sometimes we didn't get it because we didn't want to pay more, and sometimes, we didn't get it because we were dealing with entrenched team, and we didn't think it was worth a scorched-earth tactic to try and get it. We felt, well, fine, if that's what you want, we'll move on. There's nothing that can keep us from growing. We don't have to do deals. We've got plenty of properties here to make better, and we're very focused on doing that.
David Simon: Well, I don't think it's come yet, but it seems to be maybe around the corner that some of those assets, some of that market might be there. So I think '11 will be a developing year in that area. I think, like many of our peer, I'm sure there's going to be a focus on narrowing the focus a little bit by culling the property portfolio. We'll participate in that, but we want to see a little bit more firming of values in that category. And not yet, but it seems to be headed in that direction.
David Simon: And look, all I can tell you is that their outlet business has been extremely strong. So with the new executive running The Gap, I think that's obviously a positive, at least based on what we've seen out of the Outlet business.
David Simon: Sure, one is University Mall in Pensacola. We're basically going to create a box environment with Sears and Penney as our lead anchors, continuing to be our lead anchors there. The other one is in Nanuet, where again, we will be de-malling that and bringing in more the -- kind of the higher-end retailers. Still, we'll be anchored by Macy's and Sears. We would hope to bring a high-end food provider, a supermarket, essentially, and some of the better specialty tenants.
David Simon: They'll both be double-digits. I mean, both of these are basically producing negative or de minimis cash flow right now. So if we look at the incremental investment based upon and the return now, I think they'll both be double digits.
David Simon: And I would just say the people that do follow us on the social media side are our best customers. They really like the fact that we're able to talk to them about promotions and offerings from the retailers, and it's really influencing some behavior. So this whole area, basically, our vision here, just like we had the vision of being a retail real estate company, our envision with the mall, is to really turn it into a smart box. One where technology can enhance the shopping experience, create more efficiency out of it. And I think we're just on the cusp of that. We're working with a number of retailers that see the same vision that we do, obviously, trying to put all of the retailers on the same platform. If you think about the mall, in a sense, what makes the mall great; it's all the retailers together in one platform. In that case, it's the physical. We really want to move the mall environment, from a technology point of view, on that same platform, as customers interface with what's going on in the mall. And it's going to take time, but I think if we can show that value to the retailer, then by creating that platform, it's going to enhance the shopping experience for the consumer. And that's what we're after, for sure.
David Simon: There's an undeniable link, I think the movement toward from your desktop to mobile is a great opportunity for the physical-based environment to take that mobile and enhance when they're walking the physical or adjacent or near the physical environment. So the fact that they've gone mobile and move toward mobile, if we can bridge that to the physical world, I think it's got a lot of benefits for us. As an industry, it's not just us, but we're going to be pushing it hard.
David Simon: Well, I think you got to really -- the U.K. shareholders were very similar to what that I would say the U.S. shareholders look to. So there wasn't a great difference there. And we, again, I mean, our feedback from the U.K. shareholders was they were disappointed that the company wouldn't give us due diligence to decide whether or not we wanted to make a firm offer. And I think the U.K. shareholders have a very similar mindset to the U.S. shareholders. And they viewed the Trafford deal, in many respects, as a change of control, and they wanted to look at their financial options. The South African shareholders essentially started that way, but they were also highly influenced that there is a exemption that they get by owning Capital Shopping Centres. It's exempted from the limitation that they have in terms of being able to make investments outside of South Africa. So there was some of that. On the other hand, some were more clinical. Their mood ebbed and flowed. But clearly, having exposure outside of South Africa was important to a number of them.
David Simon: Look, I think, frankly, a number of retail REITs were just focused, the last couple of years have not been easy, right? So I think it's more of that. I think the Canadian market certainly has developed more. It's more of an interest to our U.S. -based retailers than it's used to be, but it's not huge. I mean, it's not pervasive. It's not every U.S. retailer’s up there, but it's growing and growing. And so I think it's just other priorities, Alex, primarily. I think demand has improved. And then ultimately, I would just say, just from our perspective, because we reviewed the market for on and off for a number of years, finding the right site at the right value is not overly easy. And you want to start, if you're going to do it, you want to start in Toronto, essentially, would be the best place to start. It's just not a lot of great sites at appropriate values to justify it. But it's, long term, I think it's a good market for potentially future retail development, including outlets.
David Simon: I think land value there will be more expensive than land value here in the cities that you would want to build outlets in, and rents may be able to offset that. So you may end up with similar returns.
David Simon: Same space is actually literally this space. A lot happens in malls, where you, our spreads, as we traditionally have done, it is just ending versus new in totality. We try to narrow it down. I don't know if we have the exact percent of what same space is, but we certainly can get that to you, as I don't have that in front of me.
David Simon: Well, that's what makes us unique, is we still care about $500,000,000. Look, again, remember just take it a step back, having lived through '08, '09 and a good chunk of '10. We just have geared up on this. And so to create the deals that we're actually going to be able to spend that money, when it takes some time to get that going, is not a small feat. And as Rick said, it is going to produce incremental NOI growth. It's not insignificant. So in the scheme of things, it may not seem like a big percent of our total asset base, but it is extremely cash flow positive, plus all the other residual benefits of making a property better in the long run is very, very important. And I would hope that with time, we could crank this up. But it's a very, very good, solid start to having essentially just rejuvenated this program in kind of mid to -- really in the early spring of '10. So it's a good start. What the number is, I think it's going to be up to how creative we'll be. And I can't pinpoint it, other than we've got a lot on the drawing board that we're hopeful about, and I think we'll just see where it takes us.
David Simon: It does, especially if you're trying to secure anchor involvement in it. And entitlements are not, they're not easy to get, even in today's environment.
David Simon: And if you look, I think Steve's 100% on. If you look at probably '09 box activities and '10, you'll see the dramatic uptick.
David Simon: We're going to exceed our underwriting, and I think the re-merchandising success that we’ve had with our other outlets will take some time. But we would hope to get it on with our other outlets. So we see that opportunity for sure.
David Simon: It's hard to stay. I think the Vaughan Mills has been successful, so I do there, as an example. Obviously, I think getting one or two built in kind of the major markets. They’re not many, but they're there. That's got an option. I mean, It's hard to say, but certainly, more than a few. And it really -- a lot of that just depends on how the early couple go, and whether they produce the results that they do. Now the fact is, the Canadians with the strong dollar love to come to the U.S. to shop. And I do think that's still is an opportunity for them that may limit some of the potential growth, just because they do have that advantage vis-à-vis the U.S. dollar.
David Simon: Well, I think the answer to that is yes, and it's primarily because the shock to the system this time around has been dramatic, and it's impacted the consumer, probably, psyche more than the last downturn. And I think it's just going to take, it's going to be a very gradual ramp-up. And the employment side is probably more tenuous here, though the better income side, the difference here though, the better income participant in the economy is more employed than maybe the last time around. But I just think the shock to the system’s a little bit, there's more uncertainty coming out of it, clearly, than there was last time. So I would be a little more cautious. I don't think there's anything fundamental in the supply-and-demand scenario or anything else out there that could keep that from happening, but I just think the size of the economic dislocation here has been so great. And there's still a lot of uncertainty. You've got state budget issues, you got the municipal markets, you still got unemployment, you got inflation may or may not be here. So there's just a lot of noise here that I think may keep the recovery more muted than it might otherwise be.
David Simon: And I would just say, Jim, the biggest discussion we have with them is what price we're willing to buy it and what price they want to sell it. They don't want to be -- very few of the, certainly, the department stores want, ultimately, be in the development business. And that's where most of their boxes, if they're connected to a mall, they end up being in the development business. And that's not a core competency. And in many of those, most of those cases, they're selling it to us or some other developer. And the landscape, frankly, is littered with some bad deals where they sold and the developers tried to buy it at certain prices, and they didn't get the right value. We have not had that experience. We've actually been pretty good at what we bought and being able to recapitalize on it.
David Simon: I don't want to speak for the retailers. But let's assume, I think they, I'll say it very generically, they tend to go where they think the best site and/or development’s going to take place. And I'll leave it at that.
David Simon: Yes, I think you'll see some of that, Ben. You'll also -- sometimes, sensitivity plays a role into it. Certainly, in the outlet side with respect to where their full priced stores are located. So it's kind of location development, and they're certainly part of that. When you get the momentum in a deal, the retailers see that, and they tend to go where they think the development's going to get done. But a lot of it’s the site. But I will say this: I don't think you'll see, I think we're all very experienced developers. Houston is a good example with Taubman and Tanger and us, we're all looking in kind of a submarket. I think we're all very competent developers. And my guess is whoever's successful, there's not going to be two of these. There’ll ultimately be one. So I don't see it so much like the Lifestyle group, where you had a bunch built because there was so much money. I think the guys that are in this business understand they may win some and lose some and go on to the next opportunity, as opposed to two going up at the same time. I don't see that happening.
David Simon: I think it would be too low for us from a development point of view. If we're not in the double digits, we would not build.
David Simon: Well, it might be lower. We tend to look at most of our new stuff in phases. So the initial phase could be the low double-digits and then, ultimately, if we build phase, we're in the mid-range. I don't think that's changed that much, but there is more competition. So it may have some impact on that. But again, if we felt like we're building below low double-digits, we would not build.
David Simon: Well, I think, altogether, we're in the $500 million range. Those will be, again, a lot of this is going to be spread over '11 and '12. But if you were just to look at -- I don't have those six right in front of me. We can certainly give that to you. But overall when you look at everything, it's around $500 million, our share.
David Simon: That's just for spend this year. And a couple of those, clearly, will have carryover in '11, but we could get you those exact numbers. And obviously, those will be in our 8-K when they start construction.
David Simon: We did not. We decided to be less granular on our guidance this year than the last several years. You should not be worried about that. That doesn't mean that we don't have, obviously, all the confidence in the world at delivering that guidance, but we just felt like it was more important to look at the totality of it than any one particular statistic. But I think, in generally speaking, occupancy is up marginally in our model.
David Simon: You never know. I just would say you never know. I'm sure there will be opportunities, but we'll just see how the year transpires.
David Simon: We continue to scour that land, that mine field of broken Lifestyle centers. And frankly, we still are having a hard time finding a couple of crown jewels. It's not to say there might not be one or two, but, Rick, I mean, we just haven't seen it. We just haven't seen it. The demand there to go, you've got, Cedric, most of those are the ones that we look at are all in co-tenancy, all have kick outs, and they all need lease-up, and they're just not performing. And some may be good long-term real estate. But the demand, frankly, for those kind of centers has not, as far as we can see, has really not really picked up. Rick, you. . .
David Simon: Well, actually, with general growth, we have very, very little property overlap. And I think we mostly, frankly, compete with our peer group in the eyes of the analysts and investors. The competition at the property level is overblown for any of us. We certainly, I mean, we're all trying to get the fair share of retailers open to buys, but I'd say the biggest competition is frankly in the eyes of investors. Not so much day-to-day warfare at the property level. Sure, there's some malls that we overlapped with, a few of our peer group, but it's mostly at the corporate level, not so much on the retail day-to-day level.
David Simon: Well, I think there was some reference to it about maybe we should spin this off or that off. We actually like what we've built here. We've had better growth. So I think part of the response that you may be seeing is that the growth profile of those companies may be different than ours. We haven't had that issue. And we're also primarily focused in the U.S., whereas certainly Westfield has a couple of different footprints. So we think we're different. We're in a little different boat than those are. I do think, as we've said, we'll certainly look to sell assets over time, if the market gets better, that don't fit our long-term view. But beyond that, we don't see any real change or need to, given our growth profile.
David Simon: Okay, thank you for your interest. Obviously, 2010 was a really good year for the company, and we expect 2011 to be more of the same, and our passion for the business continues. Thank you very much.
Stephen Sterrett: Paul, this is Steve. I just have a couple of comments. David mentioned bad debt. We had literally no bad debt experience or bad debt expense in '10 for a company with $4 billion of consolidated revenue. I wouldn't expect that to recur in '11. I also think we have, David had mentioned in the call text, we improved our margin 150 basis points this year on top of an improvement last year. Some of that was done at the operating expense line for sure. And I don't think that level of savings at the operating expense line is going to recur in '11. And then the last thing I’d mention, while it's not part of the comp NOI, if you look at the other income schedule in the 8-K, we had a lot of lease settlement income in 2010. And we're just not planning for that to recur in '11. We're looking at a more historical level.
Stephen Sterrett: The feedback has been encouraging. Obviously, they're relatively new. But that certainly is a very significant focus and highlights one of the remarks David made in his initial comment. We are a uniquely positioned to be able to dedicate both the human and the financial resources to be sector-leading in this. But I think we have done so historically and we are committed to do so in the future. It’s a highly important component of how we manage, market and maintain our properties, and we're going to be devoting increasing time and money to introducing even more programs in that regard.
Stephen Sterrett: This is Steve. The only thing I'd say that might tweak that a little bit, and Rick and David both alluded to it earlier, we're doing a ton of box activity, where over the last couple years, there had not been as much. So that may influence it some, as well. But I think Rick's right. If you just think about the ordinary regular seven- to 10-year lease, the economics of that in terms of what the tenant allowance is hasn't really changed.
Stephen Sterrett: It's probably lower on a per-square-foot basis. But dollar amounts, because they're bigger spaces, it's more money.
Stephen Sterrett: Well, I think, David, I would say this, I hope so. But if you recall, by virtue of the two tenders that we did in '10, we significantly cleaned out our bond maturities in '11 and '12. And in fact, we've got under $400 million a year coming in each of those two years. So we can be very opportunistic. We certainly are looking at the market. We're paying attention to it. But the activity that we'll do in the bond market in 2011, if any, will be opportunistic.
Stephen Sterrett: I confess it may be the single largest file I have in my office, because of all the banking brethren sending us proposals, but I don't see it right now.
Stephen Sterrett: Tayo, this is Steve. There really isn't any of that. There, as I said, we have very little bonds coming due, and even our mortgage maturities we’re just essentially assuming that we're going to roll them over.
