David E. Simon: Well, look, let's just say we have a strong relationship with Penney. They're a very important retail partner of ours. I know -- Rick and I know Mr. Johnson, and we also know very well members of the board. So I'm not going to get into the particulars, but just so you understand, I mean, the unit holders have the ability to convert their units on a one-for-one basis for common shares. And we view it essentially as common stock equivalents because, obviously, they can convert it on a one-for-one basis. When they do that, then they -- we have the option to give them fully diluted stock or cash, and it was through that discussion that we negotiated the deal. And I'm very convinced it's a great opportunity for the company, and I think it met Penney's strategic goals in terms of their focus on what they're trying to do with their business. So we're pleased with the transaction, and beyond that, there's not much to add to it, Alexander.
David E. Simon: Well, we've looked at a lot of things with BR Malls. We've looked at a lot of things in Brazil. The good news is we're very close to approving our first outlet there, which will start construction here potentially within the next 30 to 60 days and open -- it's outside of São Paulo, and open late next year. That's not in this list that I've described to you, but it is moving a pace and I expect that to -- I expect that to happen, and I think we'll get our first outlet center built and open next year. So we're pleased we're making very good progress on that.
David E. Simon: Well, it's really a function of what we've got going on. I mean, we -- believe it or not, this is a big company, and just like -- I am never satisfied with the portfolio and where we've taken the company. I'm always going to try and add talent to the organization. I've known Matt a long time. We talked on and off. We wanted to fill this position, lost probably in late '08 and then the world ended, so we put it on a back burner because we said, well, we're going hunker down. I just think there's so many opportunities for this company. It's very important to continue to add talent, another pair of hands, another deep thinker. He fits in great with the team. So to me, it was a no-brainer. And we'll take it wherever it goes, wherever we think we should invest. Who would have thought we would have bought our stock at $124 3 months ago? But that's -- we saw an opportunity. Who would have thought we would have invested internationally 4 months ago, get paid? I'm getting paid. Most people pay for options. I'm getting paid as I think about that company as optionality. What do I mean by that? If you look at the cash flow that we'll get from their dividend against the cost that it took both in equity and debt, we're going to get paid $55, plus or minus, million a year to decide what we want to do with that stake. That's a good spot to be in. There's not many malls you can build that can generate $55 million of cash flow. So having another guy to think these things with our team, I think, is exciting. I also think it -- with David and Steve, we hired Larry Krema to run our HR group. I think it also demonstrates that this company is a neat place to work and be part of.
David E. Simon: I still think the full-price new development still is not -- it's still a ways away, even though there are a couple announced ones here and there. The outlet business still has some pockets, but again, I think we discussed the last time. I mean, I don't -- I know there's all these ones that are being bandied about, but I think it's going to be harder to do. So I think pure new development is still going to be a little bit -- still be less than everybody thinks. The redevelopment, though, has the potential to really pick up, and that's where -- thankfully, between Rick and Contis, that's where a big, big focus is. That has, Craig, a little bit of potential to do more than what we're doing. But Rick, you can add to that thinking.
David E. Simon: I think that it's in the outlet side. That's still going to be few and far between. I mean, we're making Orlando bigger. We're making Vegas bigger. We're making Desert Hills bigger. But these are, I hate using this word, but iconic outlets. Those will all be bigger. Those are all -- Seattle's getting bigger. Chicago will get bigger. So these are all -- that is probably underappreciated opportunity for this company. Just like -- Craig, I mean, people talk they're going to do this, they're going to do that. People are focused on a company having this particular lease here and there. We've got 5 outlets under construction. We just opened one. So people talk about, well, we're about to or hoping to lease the space. Hello, we got 5 under construction, so...
David E. Simon: No. In fact, we've already replaced them with another operator. That's been in the works for, really, a couple of years. No big deal. Yes, I was surprised it got the press, but no big deal.
David E. Simon: Yes, I mean -- and I would just say, Cedrik, throw that in for the Mills projects, too. I mean, we're -- some of these are locked out, but the ones that are open and the ones that we bought out of the TMLP are extremely financeable, and that financing rivals any A mall that there is out there as well.
David E. Simon: Well, that's a tough one, Cedrik, to be honest with you. At this point, I would probably say that outside the opportunity that we saw at Klepierre, it's probably the private deals that we see as the most -- the biggest opportunity primarily because the private owners are going to have a much more difficult time to get financing and/or the private individuals that may want to monetize their business for whatever reason or their asset for whatever reason. I would say that's probably the biggest opportunity that we see, though it doesn't rule out that eventually, there may be some more public opportunities. But I would say to you as we think about what we're looking at, they tend to be more private-oriented, and it's either financing issues or state issues or whatever that's driving the need to do it. Now philosophically, we will not -- we don't rarely -- and I don't blackline everything, but we don't participate in bidding when -- if there's a banker or a broker and it says, "Bids are due at 2:00 p.m. Please send in your letter." We don't do that. I mean, I can't remember the last deal that we did where we'll participate in an auction. I mean, we just don't do it. We don't need to do it. We have no interest in doing it. So these are people that want to do business with us, and then we -- it doesn't mean that they're not represented by bankers or whatever, but those bankers know that if there's an auction, they can send it to the next mall guy. We're not going to play.
David E. Simon: He's had -- he used to be a broker. He's been in the bricks-and-mortar business, so I think it's pretty good. I mean, we've got a group here that any -- not that I think there's any holes there, but we've got a lot of guys here that know about bricks-and-mortar that will help him.
David E. Simon: I believe it'll be whatever this -- I can't keep track of all the rules, but I think he will be one of the...
David E. Simon: Yes, I think he'll be a Form 4, 5 -- I don't know. Whatever the rules are, he'll be part of the rules.
David E. Simon: Cash on cash returns. We're going to get roughly, and this is even with the lower currency, we're going to get $55 million added cash flow while we decide whether we love this company, we want to maintain our investment, whether -- who knows what we do with this investment. But the fact of the matter is we're getting paid while we help make it a better company, which we're doing today. And I think about what it takes to build $55 million of additional cash flow, and I think it's a good trade. But look, the proof will be in the pudding. We'll see.
David E. Simon: Let me just say this. Our comp numbers and our rolling 12 are right on top of each other, absolutely right on top of each other, if that's what you're getting at. The comp sales and the rolling 12 are exactly right on top of each other.
David E. Simon: Well, look, the fact is we've been very focused on the balance sheet. As you know, they've raised a lot of money in the bond market at much lower spreads than where they were beforehand. So that's a very tangible, very important, credible and important thing that we brought to the table. I'm not sure that absent our investment that they would have been able to do it. We've also reduced the reliance on their funding from BNP. And I mean, those are real tangible -- in the bounds of the organization making happen. Operationally, I mean, we're helping them think about all the promotional other income opportunities. I mean, that's going to take time, but we are now talking to certain sponsors on a global basis. We've helped them with a few tenants and a few areas on a global basis. Their head of leasing was in our -- at our shopping center convention, the ICSC. We had a number of global meetings with him and our people with the global brands, including H&M, Apple, just to name a few, Hollister. So it's happening. That stuff's going to take time, but the bond business is tangible. It's there, it happened, and that's only been in 4 months. Now strategically, you'll see changes with this company over a period of time. And the management team there has been very, very good, very cooperative, very interested in replicating what we have and listening to what we have to say. So it's working. It's a lot of work. We spent -- I spent last week there touring assets with them, going through strategy, going through numbers, going through developments. Actually, it's a scary thing helping design some of the extensions. It's scary because I was helping them, and that's -- but there's certain things I've learned over the years, too. So it's happening. It's going to take time. There's a lot that we're providing. There's more that we'll provide over a period of time. We're also respectful. We've been there 4 months. We try not to be Attila the Hun. We want to be -- we want to learn as much as we can. But the cooperation, the synergies are available. They're there. The chemistry between their managers and ours have been great. The only negative is that every morning, I have to hear about Europe every day. Harris reminded me of some of the ups and downs that go with the territory in trying to create value. We're big boys. We know nothing's easy. But I look at it, I'm getting paid to make this company better, and I've got a board and a management team that wants to get better, and we've got people here that can help make them better. And it's happening, and you can see it in the bond yields right away.
David E. Simon: Well, we announced a whole host of tenants on July 11. We've added a few more to that mix. I mean, look, they're -- Taubman's a formidable competitor. I'm sure they'll announce certain tenants as well. We anticipate that they're going to build their project. We're going to build ours. Our numbers are -- we're comfortable with our investment. This is not driven by ego, by any stretch of the imagination. We expect to get our lease. We expect to have double-digit returns. Taubman's a very formidable competitor. I'm sure they'll feel the same way about what they're doing. And it's most likely that we're going to have 2 outlet centers there. But I think, as I said, we're comfortable. We've got a lot of experience in the outlet business. I've been at it since '98. We were -- people scratched their head when we did our first joint venture with Chelsea. People scratched their head when we bought it in '04. I got confidence in our team. We expect to build a very high-yielding outlet center and we're moving forward with it.
David E. Simon: $800 a foot. The brands that we deliver are great. We have a very good partner there as well. So it's fine in Malaysia. It's exactly what we thought it would be. It's really trying to get access to a Singaporean market. We have a great partner there. They're doing stuff worldwide, which we're talking to them about, some other opportunities, and it's meeting our expectations there, so so far, so good. China is a little bit not as far along as we would like it. It's still a very complex place to do business. We're still hopeful that we'll get one started there. But it is more complex, and we're being more cautious given the -- if you think there's a robust pipeline in the outlet business here, you happen to think that pipeline has been around for years and years and not much will get -- not much of it will get built. The pipeline there expands daily. So we're trying to really underwrite it smartly, make sure this is something that we want to do. We do have a good partner in Shanghai. But we're going to be very, very judicious in how we ultimately build something there.
David E. Simon: Well, look, they're going to announce probably shortly here. But generally, I'll say this, and I want to be very careful. Everything -- they're ahead of schedule, and NAV, by and large, has not been an issue in terms of being able to sell the assets at or above their NAV. But you'll see their results. I don't want to -- I just want to be very careful here because they do report or they may have already reported. I think they go out at 6:00 Central European Time. But so far, so good. And it's still on plan, perhaps ahead of schedule, and it's moving right along.
David E. Simon: It's land that we own. So it's really reconfiguring a number of spaces, decking some of the parking and creating additional space on the land that we own.
David E. Simon: And then the other point is we did -- as you know, we did have the mez loan with Mills, and obviously, that got paid off and retired as part of that whole transaction, so you're seeing that as well, Jim.
David E. Simon: I don't think that they are. I don't know that it should be their #1 focus. And we actually did discuss at the recent meetings a couple of opportunities that are out there. But I don't think it should be their #1 focus. But I don't think it's too far off in the future that we could be -- it could be up there, and we do think there's going to be a number of opportunistic deals. And again, it doesn't mean Klepierre. It could be Simon. It could be all sorts of things. But there are going to be a handful of those things to do, and I think it should be on the agenda, but probably not at the top of the list.
David E. Simon: No, and I wouldn't put much credence in our opinion, we could be wrong, but certainly, we don't think there's 10 outlets in -- or 100 outlets in 10 years. Not a chance. We don't see it that way.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we are living this every day. I would say to you it is still quite a challenge to convince outlet retailers, whether they're manufacturers or full-price retailers. This is our experience, and we have a pretty good portfolio, pretty big one. I think it's still quite a challenge to convince them to go to new centers. That's why all this talk about this unbelievable demand and all of this hundred centers and this that and the other, I've got to tell you we work our tails off to convince the retailers that this is worthy of an outlet center. So I don't think it's, by any stretch of the imagination, simple and easy to do. When we do it, we have confidence we'll do it. But it is not like you can plop these anywhere by anybody, anywhere by anybody, and it'll be successful. It's just not going to happen. And I think the retailers that have a high understanding of this business, whether they're manufacturers or full-price retailers, understand that and will also govern. They're open to buy very seriously.
David E. Simon: Well, there's a way to do it, but we don't. I assume we know what drives our business. Look, where size and scale -- when we talked about this company 15 years ago or 17 years ago or 18 years ago, we thought size and scale matter for a couple of different points. Retail relationships, ability to run efficiently, ability to cover our overhead at the executive level over a huge asset base more efficiently than our peer groups, that's what it takes to generate comp NOI growth, and that's what we do. Nothing jumps out, as we're reviewing it right now, that is worthy of mention. But we are very focused on our operating margins, and our size and scale and quality of assets allow us to do that.
David E. Simon: Let's see. Look, we have a big investment in Klepierre, and I think internationally, that's the big focus. We have got to make sure that that turns out to be a profitable investment. That's the #1 priority. The outlet business in Asia continues to progress. I explained that in detail to you. But that's really the focus. I mean, Brazil, Latin America, I mean, I do think will present more and more opportunities, not just Brazil but all of South America, for the company. And so I think you'll see us hopefully do some smart things down there over time. And Steve is whispering to me, but you can certainly jump in there. But we do have -- we are building Canada, Toronto. I mean, Toronto, there was a lot of talk about it. There's not a lot of talk about it now. We are under construction. We're going to have a great outlet there. We've got a great partner. We're looking at another deal in Canada, but hopefully, that will be a market that will possess -- present a few more opportunities for us.
David E. Simon: I would just say it's consistent with our philosophy to be as prudent and opportunistic as we possibly can be. I mean, you're always trying to balance prudence against opportunity. They tend to kind of conflict each other. When you should be prudent, there's a lot of opportunities, so you try to get that right balance. And the world -- let's face it. The world is going to continue to be uncertain for, I think, a few years to come. If not, that's just the world we live in. So there's no reason not to be -- not to have the ability to be both prudent and opportunistic. And then based on how we read the tea leaves, figure out where the primary -- who wins, prudence or opportunity.
David E. Simon: Look, I think it helps -- I think it's going to help our merchants. Anything that helps our merchants ultimately helps us. Look, Congress should not -- look, this is a states' right issue. I think most people in this country believe in state rights. So that's one aspect of it. But also, the government, Congress should not be picking, creating winners and losers. And this certainly has helped fuel the online against the bricks-and-mortar. Certainly, we're not -- oh this is going to mean x million of revenues, but if it helps our merchants, it's bound to trickle down to us in some way, shape or form.
David E. Simon: It's so early in that effort that I would -- certainly, we haven't seen anything, but it is just beginning.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the bull case is that supply and demand will be in their favor once demand picks up because you cannot expand. It's very hard to get the right to build there. And the other point is they've got a great portfolio in Northern Europe, which is somewhat insulated from what's going on in kind of the Scandinavian areas, somewhat insulated from what's going on in Continental Europe. I think operationally, there are things that we can do to help the company increase its cash flow. And an operational focus from the company, we think, will increase the cash, so I think that's the bull case. The negative is, look, they're going to have to weather tough environment. The one country there that continues to be difficult for them is Spain. And again, it's not all Spain. It's certain assets in Spain. And we'll weather that storm, and I think as things stabilize, we'll get back to being able to generate cash flow growth from those assets.
David E. Simon: I think it's a tenant-by-tenant discussion. I don't think there's any -- it's a tenant by tenant -- we're going to tend to get that for the people that commit just to us like we do for every other outlet center.
David E. Simon: But if you look at '04, '05 sales per square foot, they were in the $400s, and we're rolling leases over. I mean, our expiration aren't in front of me, but it's the mid to high 30s. I mean, that's -- so now we're at $550, and we're getting in the 50s. I mean, that gives you a sense of what's happened on that. I think that's what you asked.
David E. Simon: In other words, if you look at the leases we did 6, 7 years ago are rolling off today. These are rough, rough numbers, but they were $38, $37, $38. That probably was just under 9% -- probably under 10%, probably 9% of sales. And if you look at where we are today, we're $550. And that relationship is probably still pretty the same, but therein lies the spread differential. That's what you're thinking about.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think -- and I think this applies, which is great. I mean, this is what PIMCO -- this is what Bill Gross said. I mean, the fact of the matter is unless the real estate is going out of business, okay, the fact is people are going to need cash flow growth, right? And that's the world that we live in. In a slow growth environment, rates are going to stay low, cash flow is going to be stable. I mean, if we proved anything to you over the years, it's that this real estate is -- it doesn't mean that certain things don't turn against us, and they have, okay? We've had centers that we've lost for whatever reason. But these things are sticky, cash flow is stable and yield is there. And you're seeing it by opportunistic investors. You're seeing it -- I mean, in Europe, you're seeing it. I mean, the stuff that Klepierre is selling is to yield-hungry investors. Why would they want to buy the German bond when they can get a 6 yield or 5.5, 6 yield on a stable asset? I think that's great for us to be in, not just us but all real estate companies. And that's a very attractive feature, one of the reasons why we're increasing our dividend.
David E. Simon: With those -- with the outlook the way it is, the answer is yes, and it's happening slowly. I mean, you're starting to see the market pick up.
David E. Simon: No. There's only one operating partnership, and all the unitholders are treated the same. There's a preferred unit, but we're getting rid of that soon. But all the unit holders, there's no separate, different agreements. They're all the same.
David E. Simon: So it's freely tradable, we register it, boom, done. It was in the discussion that obviously, it turned to cash. And we part -- believe it or not, we part with our cash. We're very tough whenever we write a check out of this building. We are very focused on parting with our cash. We like cash, and that's what happened.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I mean, it is -- the board obviously has taken the vote to heart. They are very focused in talking to shareholders about it. The good news -- look, I mean, the fact of the matter is we're putting this -- our focus, our #1 focus, and that's me, Rick, Steve, the other members of our team, is on the business, okay, and obviously, our performance over this year, last year, for as long as we've all been together, is pretty good, and it speaks for itself. And we have all the confidence in the world that we'll continue to deliver very good performance to our shareholders. There's no guarantees, but that's the focus. The vote, given our performance, was extremely disappointing, and we didn't understand the vote, and there's enough precedence out there to suggest it was -- we just didn't understand the vote. But we'll be talking to our shareholders about it, trying to understand the way they voted it. And I will say that we've had some discussions. There's not a clear consensus as to why we voted -- they voted against it. We've had a number of shareholders that were supportive of it, but the board will take its job very seriously. We welcome any shareholder comments. We've had discussions with shareholders. We expect to have more, and we'll take it from there. But the #1 focus, obviously, even though we're disappointed because we've been such stewards of capital and performance, continues to be how do we make this company better, and we do it every day. But we've had discussions, and we'll continue to have more discussions with shareholders.
David E. Simon: Well, no. This thing was just really focused on the transaction that we did. We'll talk to them like we talk to all of our retail partners, but nothing -- I wouldn't expect anything out of the normal course of business.
David E. Simon: It's really not up for me to do that, but I'm sure they'll welcome the question. I will say this, they do a very sophisticated analysis of their portfolio, buys, hold, redevelopment. But it's really not up for me to do it. But I do think the quality is there, the opportunities for enhancing the operations are there, but it's really not up for me to do that. I will tell you, though, they're very sophisticated in how they slice and dice the portfolio and what they want to do with the assets.
David E. Simon: Thank you. Thanks for your questions, and we look forward to answering anything else you might need over the next few days. Thank you.
Richard S. Sokolov: Alex, this is Rick. There really has not been any change. They are still coming in and aggressively looking for new opportunities across all the platforms.
Richard S. Sokolov: I would just add if you look at today's landscape in the department store universe, their equity, their balance sheets, their credit profiles are all dramatically better than they were just a few short years ago. You have Lord & Taylor that's been recreated into a very viable and aggressive growth vehicle. Dillard is very well situated. Macy's is well situated. Carson's has a new leadership and great financial upward trajectory. So candidly, we're in a better position now than we have been, and with no new development, these stores are maintaining their existing stores because they want to really enhance their top line.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. Just on the outlet side, right now, it's being driven by explosive demand among a number of tenants that are not in the business that want to get in the business. And I don't want to lose sight of the fact that this demand is going to help our existing portfolio dramatically and that you're seeing that in our result. There's got to be a finite end to the arc of new development. There's a limited number of new opportunities. On the redevelopment side, when David articulated, I believe it was last year or the year before, our redevelopment program, we identified some for you. Literally, 3 quarters of them are under construction right now, and we're in the process of reloading that pipeline with the next wave of opportunities. So there's a lot going on, and if you look in the 8-K, we're producing low double-digit yields on those, which, on a risk-adjusted basis, are even better than they are on just a return basis, which are terrific in and of themselves.
Richard S. Sokolov: We sold a piece of land in Northwest Houston for a supermarket right next to our Houston Premium Outlets, and that was a pretty substantial gain.
Richard S. Sokolov: Let me unpack that a little bit. One, the tourist aspects of the portfolios are still very strong. We're still seeing a lot of activity from a number of the tourism groups, but the only one that's softened at all is Japan. So that is still a major contributor, and we are out-weighted in tourist market. Secondly, when you think about the contributions of any one tenant, our sales base is over 60 million square feet. So when you get a number out of us, it's a broad-based trend. It's not going to be materially influenced by the out-performance of any one or any collection of tenants. Thirdly, I believe this reflects the fact that we're doing a good job making our properties better and hopefully taking market share from other properties operating in our markets. And that comes from adding better tenants, adding additional anchors, adding renovations and making our physical plants better, and all of ose things are feeding into what you're seeing as our bottom line sales growth.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, there's a couple of things that are happening. One, a number of retailers that were new concepts, say, x years ago are now public, and they are substantially accelerating their growth because they have a very firm capital plan. Francesca, Teavana, Tumi, Five Below, Fresh Market. We also are seeing a number of concepts that were, again, relatively new a while ago that are being aggressively grown by their companies, Crazy 8, PS by Aero. But we're also seeing a number of new concepts, Versona by Cato, Dry Goods by Von Maur, Vince by Kellwood, C. Wonder, Hearts on Fire, Tesla. Hot Topic is doing Blackheart.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's about a 60,000 square feet addition, primarily reconfiguring the additional -- the existing formats and just substantially upgrading the whole physical plant.
Richard S. Sokolov: We had a, almost, say, 30 days ago, kind of a presentation to a number of Brazilian plus international retailers about our outlet pipeline with BR Malls. It was very, very well attended. The international retailers are growing there daily, and certainly, the high-end guys that we think are important to bring into the outlet properties are gaining entrance into Brazil on a weekly basis, so to speak, like Tory Burch just opened a store at a new high-end mall in São Paulo. So very, very well attended. The Brazilian retailers are very excited about the pipeline, and we expect them to populate these outlets aggressively. So it's very, very encouraging kind of what's going on down there.
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would add is I think we would hope that the retailers have a high regard for the consistency of what we produce. David and I were just up in New Hampshire and visited Merrimack. That is an incredibly well-executed, well-leased, well-marketed project, and hopefully, we have that going for us when we approach retailers about our new project. They have confidence that we will -- they know what we will deliver and know that it will produce.
Richard S. Sokolov: We're basically in the position of one, increasing occupancy; two, we're adding considerable number of anchors that are generating revenue. But see, it's just re-leasing our space at higher rents. And when you look at our expiring rents and look at what our average rent is, we've got a nice spread in there. And as our product gets better, we're able to take advantage of that and generate the higher rental revenues.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only other thing to say is we have announced, as David said, we're now 62% leased and committed. So that is certainly consistent with the kind of leasing progress we have had on all of our new projects.
Richard S. Sokolov: I want to caution you on 2 things. One, and Steve touched on it earlier, when we roll over, we've done a very good job over the years getting much more focused on our breakpoints on our overage rent. So when you look at the relationship between the spreads and our comp NOI growth, there's a comp NOI being generated from sources other than just our spread. And David just said we also build in all of our bumps over the course of the leases, so the ending rent has already been impacted by our ability to raise the base rent over the existing terms.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, Cedrik, most of our portfolio in the outlet business, because it's wholly-owned, is unencumbered. But where we have shown the products to the mortgage market, whether it's the banks or the life companies, I think they recognize the quality and the stability of the cash flow, so I think about Philadelphia Premium Outlets, we had a mortgage on. We just got some financing on the -- we've got a construction/mini firm on Toronto at very attractive pricing. So it's a very attractive, very viable product for that market.
Stephen E. Sterrett: And Paul, this is Steve. I'd just add one more comment that if you componentize that growth a bit, the rate of sales pace growth that we're seeing in the outlets in the malls is pretty much on top of each other.
Stephen E. Sterrett: A couple of things, Jim. Number one, the dividend from our U.K. investment, CSC, was a second quarter event last year, third quarter this year, just the timing of their payment of that dividend. And then we had some investments in some loans that were, in fact, paid off earlier this year, so interest income is down.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, Nate, this is Steve. We've had this discussion before on calls, but one thing, we calculate our spread in the most conservative way possible, which is what is the ending cash rent that a tenant was paying compared to the beginning cash rent that the new tenant or the same tenant on the new lease is paying. And that is a much more conservative approach than the GAAP method of which you're preparing financials, which would include the straight-lining of both the old lease and the new lease. So that's going to have some impact on it.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Ki Bin, we don't calculate it on a straight-line basis. As David has said, I think, gazillions of times on this calls, the laser focus is cash flow, and so that's the way we look at the spread.
James W. Sullivan: David, I appreciate all the commentary on Klepierre. I have one other question. As I recall, their 2011 asset sales were completed at about a 5% premium to appraised NAV, and I believe at the beginning of this year, they talked about planning EUR 1 billion of additional sales for this year and next. I wonder if you could tell us number one, if that disposition plan is still in place and what the pricing expectations are relative to NAV.
James W. Sullivan: Okay. And then final question, just a line item in other income maybe for Steve. The interest and dividend income was down materially on a consecutive-quarter basis. I wonder if you could tell us what's going on with that line item.
James W. Sullivan: So on a full year basis, so the loans that were paid off, it sounds like they're variable on a year-over-year basis.
