David Simon: Well, we have had, look, let’s just put this number in perspective number one. We do include lease amendments and that’s having the biggest impact of the growth slowing. Yet if you look at our average base rent, you can see we’re doing new initial terms where we’re doing very well. And some of the expiring leases also are a little bit expiring at a little bit higher level. Now, our investors know that over a long period of time, we’ve always felt like the $5 to $6 spread was kind of always part of our model. The fact is we’ve done a tremendous job of outperforming that. But the long-term we’ve always kind of felt that $5 to $6 spread it’s kind of where we think the market is. We had a couple of years of significant outperformance. But we’re not backing off our inherent value that we have in our leases as they roll-over. And we’re just getting back to kind of more of a normalized environment. But for us, I don’t know about our peers but for us, we include lease amendments. And the bottom line is that it’s having some impact on leasing spreads. But that $6 to $7 is maintaining itself and that’s kind of what we’ve told investors year after year after year. And we feel very good about that.
David Simon: Well, it’s literally a case-by-case analysis. I think we’re as sophisticated as anybody. I think when Aeropostale is a great example of our ability to analyze what the right trade is in these deals. And in some cases, we’re going to take the space back, in other cases we’re going to help the retailer go through the hard time. And it’s really a case-by-case - it’s a case-by-case analysis. But there is nobody I think in our industry that’s more sophisticated in our ability to kind of maneuver through those situations. So, its case-by-case, anything can happen. Well, sometimes we work sometimes we get the space back. And certain in the Aero case, we thought the opportunity was even more exciting to just buy the retailer and make a vertical investment that the entire S&P community is doing. Amazon makes vertical investments the cable industry makes vertical investments. And again I would encourage, we decided to make vertical investments, when we decided to franchise Starbuck locations two or three years ago, that’s the nature of our company is that we’re going to be nimble, we have the right judgment win to make a deal with its retailer, when not, when to make a vertical investments, when not, when to go to Europe, when not; when to pull the plug on Copley, and when not. And that’s why we’re in the position we’re already in today. And each and every case will be one-by-one. Now, I do appreciate and I hope I’m right with you, Caitlin. I do appreciate you waiting to write until we have our call. And I do think that’s important because the reason we have these calls is for not every - there is not every scenario where you can understand the nuances about what’s going on in our business. So I do appreciate the patience, to hear our story. And then obviously you write whatever you want to write.
David Simon: Well, I don’t, look, our business Steve, I hear you. If we need to, we might. But the fact is you got to look at our business in totality. You can’t look at it on one operating metric or not. Because what I would ask you to look at is, let’s talk about the - we have grown our portfolio NOI $300 million year-to-date. Let’s talk about that. Do you want to talk about that? That to me is more material than any one operating statistic quarter-by-quarter. So, yes, we can slice and dice this any way but if we can spend more time talking about how does a company grow its portfolio NOI, there are many REITs that don’t have $300 million of NOI yet we grew that in nine months. So, I would rather talk about that that’s more material than the fluctuations that have, that are occurring with operating metrics. We could talk about sales - sales are impacted by the fact that we have great properties in tourist markets and the strong dollar. That doesn’t mean that that’s going to last forever. And but again, there is this high desire to make that the be-all of all these metrics. And again, our number is clean, the results we can’t speak to anybody else how they do it. But I, as I said to you, if you want my opinion on what’s important, it’s the $300 million NOI growth. If you don’t want that I got it. But that’s what I focus on.
David Simon: Well, look, I think that’s a good point, so let’s talk about that. And I mentioned that a little bit in the first question. I think if you asked our investor group, we would have told them for 15 to 20 years that our re-leasing spreads are $5 or $6 a foot, okay. We have had a long period of outperformance on that. We’ve gotten better at what we’ve done all sorts of reasons that we don’t have to bore you. And you are right we may be going back to kind of what we have promised our investor base for a long period of time. And the outperformance, I don’t think from our standpoint we ever guaranteed outperformance from how we looked at re-leasing spreads. We always said look, it’s $5 or $6, one year it might be $8, one year it might be $4 but that’s kind of what we see the long-term trend. And I still feel comfortable but that’s the basis. Now, it’s no surprise that retail generally has come under pressure, lots of different reasons which we could go into but let’s - unless you want to let’s not. But the fact is, and we are impacted as I said to you before by our general GDP growth. And to date, our retail generally is there is no inflation and our nominal GDP growth is 1.5%, yet we’re growing our comps timing. And if nominal GDP, there is some inflation. So maybe real GDP growth is I don’t know 50 basis points. We’re still growing our business with no inflation in our particular business at 3.5% comp NOI that’s not that. It’s not 4% plus that we did last year or the year before, but it’s still in the scheme of being able to grow our business, that’s not bad. And I’m not defensive about it. I mean, that’s kind of what I think we should expect when we have essentially a real GDP growth of 1%, maybe a little bit less, maybe a little bit more. And I think that’s what you got to put in perspective.
David Simon: Well, look, I think at the end of the day the best thing we can do is invest in our product, okay because the stock will go up and it’ll go down by investing in our product. And I think what unfortunately what I think a number of retailers, they’ve not invested in their product, okay. Or they’ve chased the holy-grail of internet sales to the determent of what they should be doing with the physical product, as still people want to go physical shopping. And when they go physical shopping, you’ve got to have a nice physical environment. So we have spent a lot of years wanting to invest in our physical product. And I think that’s our number one focus continues to be we’re well through that. The good news is we have been contrary in that and we started that in ‘10. And as you know we’re finishing projects, that’s not just talking about projects but finishing a lot of projects. So, I think if that wind down then the opportunity to buy stock back is always there. And I just don’t think it’s a high priority but that could change depending upon kind of where the world is and what the stock does. But I think my job is, the number one job I should be doing is, invest in making my product better. And that’s my number one focus.
David Simon: Well, look, even though I’m older I can always learn new things. And I’ve learned a lot actually going through the Aero-deal. We’re going to act as an investor we’re going to give strategic direction as a board member. Authentic brands, I’d encourage you to look at the brands in the history of that company, they’ve done a great job of, they are brand builders. They are entrepreneurs. So, we’re not going to be running the business, we’re going to help strategically like we did. It will be, but we’re - so I’ve got my IT guys helping with their IT Systems. We’ve got our lawyers helping with their license agreements. So we have a lot we can bring to the table. And that’s what makes us unique. And but it’s not going to overwhelm anybody’s particular time, they’ve got a good management team that with our strategic help I think will continue to make that profitable. And look, based on the numbers, I think it’s going to be a compelling investment. But it’s not without risk. I mean, it is, there is risk out there whenever you make a venture like investment but I can’t think of a better team between Gordon Brothers, Hilco, ABG, General Growth to all put a collective judgment to bear to make this a profitable investment. I don’t think going back to your first question I don’t think this is going to be the wave of the future. I mean, AT&T, I mentioned vertical because I just try to put certain things outside of real-estate in perspective, okay. So, AT&T was buying, going vertical. They’re spending a $100 billion, okay. I go vertical, I spend $33 million, okay, million not billion, $33 million. And again I’m not comparing, I’ll just try to put these things in perspective, I’m not comparing our business to AT&T or anybody else. Amazon, what’s made Amazon great is they’ve had the latitude to go vertical. They’ve gone vertical, they’ve gone content, they’ve gone distribution, they’ve gone retail, and that may be the future of corporate America is that you’re not going to pigeon-hole these comps. If we want to just talk about leasing a Sears-box that we get back, I mean, that’s okay for some companies but that’s not what we’re about. So, again, there is no, we have no bucket, it’s not going to take away from what we’re doing, my number one priority is to make our product better any way that we can, technology digital investments look and feel, better retailers, different mix, redevelopment, however that transpires. And making a vertical investment here or there, not going to overwhelm us. But I want the latitude to, and I think the investment community should want us to. By the end of the day, if our underwriting numbers are right and there is risk, we’re buying a business that ought to be valued at six times EBITDA and we’re buying at a 1 to 2. And I think that’s a pretty good trend. But we’re not there yet and that’s the goal, but that’s what we’re trying to accomplish.
David Simon: Well, look, and it’s very - I think you’ve pointed out something is very unique, is that we’re getting a lens at a much granular level on retail. So it’s very interesting. Sourcing, look, there are five or six things that really make a retailer click, sourcing, obviously rent expense, store expense, the merchandize all of it, packaging, all the stuff that I think at the end of the day we’re going to make us better real-estate owners. But that remains to be seen. Aero, look, I’m probably going to get in trouble for this but since I like you, I’m going to tell you. Right now, we’re looking at around 500 stores in the U.S., as kind of a model. And based upon we expect every one of those stores to be profitable. So, it’s a much bigger business than we initially went in, in the investment. We were thinking we could justify our investment at a much lower store-base the fact of the matter is we found out there is a lot more store profitability out there than we thought. So, it’s going to be around 500 give or take. But I think store closings, it is - the pressure for that retailers’ to invest in the internet to close stores from their investment community is great. I would question whether that’s the right strategy because some of these stores are very profitable. Yet, they feel like the headline closing stores, is the answer and then all of this investment into the internet is going to pay all these dividends. The fact of the matter is there is a really healthy physical store environment and mall environment. And I think all of us can’t lose sight of that. And that’s where we should be investing. So, I do think there will be more pressure on store closings. Unfortunately over our history, we’re pro to that I don’t need to remind you that the top 10 tenants that we went public with in ‘93 no longer exist in 2016. And we will be able to deal with it, it’s much easier to deal with it when you have a quality portfolio that we do across all the retail platforms that we have. But it’s the soup of the day. And so, I don’t think it needs to be 300 or 400 or 500, I think there are lots of profitable stores that retailers are feeling the pressure they’ve got to do something. And I would like them to invest in their stores it’s something I would like them to do. But I don’t always win that argument. So, we’re equipped to handle that, that’s what we do. And but I expect that trend probably to continue. Now what we did say when we started this year, our occupancy is up. Firstly it is up, so put that in perspective. We also said our bankruptcy store closings would be down in ‘16, it is down. We had much greater in ‘15, and we’ve basically more or less leased all of the bankruptcies that we got back in ‘15 in a flat-to-tough retail environment. And I think everybody needs to put that in perspective, okay. So, but that doesn’t mean we’re doing cartwheels here. It is, we’re grinding, word is good as it gets when it comes to grinding. And that’s the environment that is presented to us. And we’ll have to deal with it.
David Simon: So, I mean, we’re good, I’m not that good but I got a lot of people around me that are good. That’s a constraint. So but it is what it is. We’ll sort it through and I do think in that kind of environment, we’re going to have certain deals where we will go back and then we’re going to have a lot of other deals, frankly, we’re going to take the space back. And my moods changing a little bit that maybe we’re better off taking the space back. I think we did play ball a little bit more with the bankruptcies in ‘15 and the early ‘16. And that’s showing up in the lease spreads. And I’m thinking sales are okay, stabilizing, maybe the world gets over all of this stuff that’s going on out there maybe we stabilize. A lot of people feel like we’re headed for growth. So maybe we take more space back. But we’ve kept the buildings full, as evidenced by the occupancy, there is a trade-off. We’re on our target for top-of-the-line increase. So, it’s not all that bad. So, just put in perspective, ‘17 will transpire and will do a combination, sometimes will play ball, other times we’re going to take the space back. And it’s all a function of retail-by-retail decisions, space-by-space, retailer-by-retailer.
David Simon: Well, we just had a meeting with - I had a meeting with our partner last Friday. Their business is very good, very solid. Provence is opening in spring of next year which will be fantastic. We’re very close on getting the potential to build Normandie, which we think will be a great, which will basically cover the Western Parisian market. That could be fantastic. We’ve got a couple of acquisitions that we’re working on, extensions that we’re working on. So it’s all good there, it’s been, the team are working well together. I couldn’t be more pleased with the investment. And I think it’s Craig it’s just kind of business as usual. We’re still seeing new development growth, very pleased just that we’ve been able to create that partnership and create that relationship going forward. In Asia, the team is working in a couple of other markets that I’m hopeful over time that we’ll be able to build the premium outlet product there. We’ve got couple of big expansions in the works Gotemba is an example that could be a landmark extension. So that business is, we’re not slowing by any stretch of imagination internationally in our outlet business either with McArthurGlen or with our Asian partners.
David Simon: And I would just say, we’ve got just to finish the whole thought and then you can ask me, if it’s on comp NOI, it’s not a tough question, it’s going to tell you exactly what I’m thinking.
David Simon: All right, okay, good. Thank you. That’s what I like about you Alex. So, but just to finish the luxury, people that would populate street retail in New York, we say luxury, not that it’s easy but we’re making progress with Clearfork and that’s in Fort Worth, Texas. We’re going to have those kinds of brands, not a lot of them but the right ones. We opened King of Prussia with the connection and again, a lot of those are opening. But the results from those high-end brands have been fantastic. So, that part of our business is different, I think it’s interesting it’s actually starting to do better than maybe what you’re seeing and whatever is being talked about in New York street retail. But I really, I don’t know, I don’t really have a dog in that hunt.
David Simon: Week after where we go one-by-one, space-by-space and we’ll report back early next year what our view of that is. And it’s a little, there is a little more volatility in being able, the standard deviations probably little bit higher than it used to be just because of the environment that we have that we’re operating in.
David Simon: I’m glad you asked that. And the answer is yes. That is in guidance. So if we had not taken that charge, our guidance would be up another $0.08.
David Simon: Well, generally we’re producing the results we want to produce. So I know the operating metrics on that, perfect, we’re not going to deny that. I mean, but we told at the beginning of the year, this is the plan, 3.5%, 6%, and we’re producing a little bit better on that front overall. And that’s where it rolls up to. And so, we’re being very cautious on Copley, we have made the final decision on that. But I think it’s likely that we’re going to do that. But we’ve got, I’ve got to run it through the board and - but I want the market to know that that maybe off the table going forward at least for the time being. And we could - look we could have kept it on our books and waited but you know what, I think the right thing to do if we in fact decide to do it will be to pick that hit.
David Simon: Well, I think it’s material and that it does affect the comp number. The comps would be higher had we not chosen. But look, part of what we have to do is, listen to our clients. Our clients to some degree especially in certain areas of the mall very concerned about that. So, we want to be receptive, we’ve got competition in some of these markets that we’ve got to be responsive to. And we just think it’s the right thing to do. We did a lot of research on the consumer. Consumer really doesn’t care but on the other hand, we have two - when it comes to the property business, we’ve got to listen to our clients i.e. the retailers, etcetera. And we obviously have to be listened to the consumers, they diverge here but in this case we want to be as sensitive to the clients as we can. And some are very sensitive to us and we don’t want to keep that from bringing the right mix into some of these centers. And that has hurt us over the years. We’ve thinned out in the very high-end properties. Yes, go ahead.
David Simon: I think it’s been, look, we didn’t really do it last year because a lot of these projects were in the state of development. But it’s clearly been - it’s clearly been throughout ‘17.
David Simon: Well, I think that’s a very good question. And I would say this, I think as we’ve gotten to know authentic brand group we now have, for us to have done this without their involvement on how to stabilize and then grow the brand, I mean, that would, I might have that expertise a couple of years from now, maybe, I mean, I’d say, we, I doubt it, but maybe, you never know. And I think having and we have talked, it’s very interesting. I’ve been talking to authentic brands over - for a year about another, brands that might fit into this model that we are creating. But they didn’t come to fruition for whatever reason. But I think we finally, we have, over this last year been able to develop kind of an operating model and platform. They’re great at brand building, having general growth as part of that. And their ability to bring their real-estate and their thoughtfulness to the table in terms of how you operate the business was very helpful. So having the liquidation angle solved with Hilco and Gordon Brothers was critical. So it was really the long - in a nutshell it was really, because the partners were able to do it. The partners brought so much to the table that this was the right deal. If it were just us on our own, I’d be the first to tell you I don’t know that we would do it, we’ve done Starbuck franchises but that’s we did by the way. And I encourage everybody that goes Del Amo, goes to Pink’s Hotdogs, that’s owned by your company, Simon Property Group. I’m so, excited about that franchise as we own. It’s great hotdogs. It’s an institution. That’s - we’ve got a small group that kind of runs that business, this is a little bit out of the ordinary. And I would say simply put, the fact that we had this partnership that was able to navigate all of the complexities of this. And so, I think that’s the important determinant of why we did this versus not doing others.
David Simon: And again, the business we are 96.3% occupied. And as an example, Macy’s announced 100 store closing. Their closing, Macy’s is leaving one of our malls, they’re leaving one of our malls, we think. And a very small mall that has basically no financial impact to us at the end of the day. So, there is this narrative and the mood. But the fact of the matter is, go back to 7.3% NOI growth that’s $300 million. Let’s put it all in perspective, okay.
David Simon: Well, I think we’re going to lead our industry and portfolio NOI growth as we’ve done it for so long, I don’t see any reason why we can’t continue.
David Simon: Not at all, as I said in my opening comments, I mean, no one would put new money into a business that we didn’t think would have exciting future. And that’s evidenced by kind of the group that we have bought the companies. So we certainly get the benefit of Aero paying rent. But that’s not a reason to invest in a business. We could re-lease those spaces. And that’s not, that’s not a factor in putting new money into investment.
David Simon: I think, the pace may not be as hectic as we’ve done over the last three or four years. But Norfolk we open next year, we’re going to actually start another outlet in the spring of this year, spring ‘17 in a very good growing market. We’ve got another one under serious examination. So I don’t think it will be as maybe as active as we’ve had over the last two or three years, but we’ll selectively do some stuff one, at least one a year on average, maybe two. We’ve got some I think some unique opportunities. We’re also very focused on expanding with the Allen deal. Adding 120,000-square-foot to a center that does, I don’t know $600 plus a foot, and the outlet business is very attractive. So there is a lot to do with domestic portfolio as well.
David Simon: Well, as I said when this happens, you get, you do get a - it does tend to spread. On the other hand it’s very simple, so we’re not going to do it. So that changes the dynamics pretty quickly. So, look, again, we don’t, this is a space-by-space, retail-by-retailer decision. It’s not pervasive throughout. But this and again I explained to you our rationale as to why we kind of did it ‘15, ‘16. But it’s something that we’ll reevaluate every day with every retailer. And my instinct is that we could be changing how we dealt with kind of the ‘15,’16 stuff already. But it will be a case-by-case basis.
David Simon: Look, there is nothing in our redevelopment that we’re not doing other than potentially Copley. And Copley was I mean I would encourage everybody to study what’s going in construction cost and what’s going on in supply and demand there. We did not want to be, unfortunately the build there is longer than it should be because of the nature of how we have to reinforce the structure. And we spent a lot on it because to get approvals and to make sure we had the engineering to do it. But the reality is, when we started seeing the construction cost, it just not the right time to do it with all the supply and the cost there. We don’t see that anywhere else in the portfolio. So, we’ve got a lot of very interesting stuff to do beyond what we’re doing now. And like I said we’ve done some really good work in the field and King of Prussia, being part of Brickell, Clearfork, we’ve got plans to expand Fashion Valley and I could go through the whole list. But that part of the business is unabated because we think investing in our great real-estate is what we should do for a living and that’s not changing. But we do have to worry about supply and demand. And I’m not worried about supply and demand in our retail portfolio. In the case of Copley I got nervous about it. Be the first to admit.
Rick Sokolov: I think Brickell is certainly going to show that there is going to be a great mix of designers, food, international retailers and right now we’re 91% leased. And as David said, the opening is going to take place over. We’re going to have a big slug over the next few weeks and another big slug over the first quarter of next year. The only other thing I would say to you is that we are seeing the international retailers like Zara, like H&M accelerating their focus on our properties in the United States because there is demand to grow in this market. And we are seeing that.
Rick Sokolov: As you go later in the year it has more of a back-end impact, okay. So it kind of builds, it’s less important in Q1 and Q2 just because seasonality of our business.
Rick Sokolov: I would say to you the most important consideration to realize this - these are lease amendments that are not forever. One of our considerations is do we have a better replacement tenant but that tenant won’t be ready to open for a year or where it is in the project and what is the project. So all of those factors come into play as to how we want to deal with this specific room and how we price the room and how we interface with that tenant. And the only other point I would make is that, and it gets lost some times. But today our portfolio has never been stronger, never been better physical condition, never had a better mix of small-shot tenants, better mix of boxes, better mix of restaurants better set of amenities. So, we are on a continual basis taking share and that’s our focus to make our properties as compelling as they can be. And that helps us in dealing with all the things you’ve been talking about.
Rick Sokolov: We are basically in the same position that we articulated in our last earnings call. We have identified users for our boxes. We have plans for our boxes. We are not going to proceed with that redevelopment. And so we have a firm understanding of our returns and the costs of downsize from the Sear stores. There are conversations going on right now regarding those costs. And as soon as we have a clear understanding of that we’re in a position to proceed to try next year on some of those redevelopments.
Rick Sokolov: That is independent. That is proceeding as is the addition of Primark at South Shore in a portion Sears which is not in Seritage. The Primark lease at Burlington was, existing at the time we did our joint venture. And that is proceeding.
