David E. Simon: Well, there -- look, there's potential for a couple of more of these situations to arise. I know we've got -- Quentin, we've built 19 of these since we have acquired CPG. We have been extremely successful. We're also expanding a handful of our industry-leading shopping centers. So again, I do -- we have a very good perspective of this. If we didn't think we could lease and produce quality projects, we would not do it. We have all the confidence of our track record and our team to continue to produce the results that the market, and more importantly, what I have grown accustomed to. And if there's 1 or 2 of these things that might pop up, so be it. That's the nature of real estate development for 60 years. It used to be Simon and DeBartolo competed for malls. It's not all that different. But I think we have earned the respect and the confidence of our retailer partners. And when we announce an outlet center development, we expect to lease it. And they have all the confidence in the world that we'll be able to do so. There is none that come to mind immediately on that front, Quentin. And we'll just see how the next couple of years move forward.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I can only answer from our perspective. We will not make any outlet mistakes, okay? The reason we won't is because we're the leader in the business. We have 70 Premium Outlets in the world. We have the best franchise in this business and I just know that we won't make a mistake. So I can't say the same thing for others. That's not my job to worry about what others do. Undoubtedly, there will be development mistakes made. They've been made in the lifestyle business, in the power center business, in the mall business; but they won't be made by us. And I have said this for the last year or 2, I do not think there will be as much built as people think. There's been a list of 50 potential deals that have been kicked around, and there are still going to be 3 or 4 of these things built a year, maybe, and not as much as you think. But I'm not -- it's not my responsibility to opine for others. They'll make mistakes; we won't. And we are not going to -- you can lease something, too, if you give away the building. We're not going to do that either just to get something built.
David E. Simon: We are making terrific, terrific progress. And the redevelopment of that will commence in '13. I think we'll have some very positive announcements to make in the not-too-distant future. And pretty much all systems are go there. We finally turned a corner on what we want to do there and we're getting the right kind of commitments from the right retailers.
David E. Simon: No way. I mean, no, I don't think so. I mean, no. But it's more than just capital. It's operational expertise. But no, I think that's why we're able to secure these kind of commitments from these terrific retailers. So capital is part of the equation, but it's also the ability to execute and -- so I think that -- but capital clearly governs a lot of the activity. And that's why you've seen not a lot of redevelopment but essentially no new projects done by kind of the typical group of folks that might be able to have secured capital prior to the great recession.
David E. Simon: Well, look, Steve speaks for the organization. And that's not to say that if we had a problem with what anybody said, we would clarify it. But Steve speaks for the organization and Steve spoke. So I don't know what else we could do other than what we've done. Additionally, just to make it clear, we have no dog in that hunt. This is a discussion between GGP, Brookfield and Pershing Square and we're focused on running our business. And there's nothing other than what I just said that I could add to that. And we hope the market understands that.
David E. Simon: I would just add, there's a lot of multinational companies that are tapping outside the U.S. to broaden their investor base.
David E. Simon: That's just the mix. That's an absolute mix issue. That's happened historically before. And that's just a function of what properties we're rolling over.
David E. Simon: Well, it's a good idea, though. We should get fees for Klepierre. I like that idea. I'm not sure all of the shareholders would like that. We certainly would. But there are no fees from Klepierre.
David E. Simon: Well, I think, just like the U.S., the idea of new development in Europe has got to be reevaluated. One of the things that we're focused on in Europe is just how do you improve the yields on new and extension-oriented projects. I've always found them to be not where they should be. And so one of the things we've been working with Klepierre is to really try to drive the returns higher on anything and, primarily now going forward, it's going to be extensions. I just don't -- I just view it as the U.S. in a sense that the ultimate new projects will more than likely come from extending existing centers. There's a couple of them on the drawing board. Unibail is, I think, about to start a mall in Stockholm. We -- Jacina [ph] has got their deal in Paris. But a lot of that stuff is already -- kind of was in the pipeline. I just don't see a lot of new stuff. I think it ought to mirror the U.S. for quite some time.
David E. Simon: These are factory stores. These are so small, they are basically single unit businesses or single unit boxes that Chelsea got when they did one of their deals. These things produce like a $0.5 million of cash flow. That market is very thin, but we're slowly selling those out. But they're not -- I wouldn't even call them outlet centers. I mean, they're basically factory stores that are single-purpose buildings.
David E. Simon: Well, it's hard to say. We're in the process now of doing '13 and what our taxable income is projected to be. And the likelihood, right now, is probably to continue what we did in '12, but we're still evaluating that. We expect -- again, obviously, we have a board to deal with, but the board is constrained by our taxable income and we want to maintain our REIT status. So our taxable income is projected to be higher than what we're paying out today. So our dividend is still on that trajectory, and my guess is we might do quarter-by-quarter, but that remains to be discussed with the board.
David E. Simon: Yes. We're going to try and sell a few assets. It still is a very challenging market to do. But I think there's more and more players coming into the market. There's more and more financing that seems to be available to some of these entrepreneurs, so I would hope that we would continue to kind of get back in selling a few non-core assets like we did before kind of the financing market bottom fell out.
David E. Simon: I think if we had the site, we probably wouldn't have partnered with anybody, but it's just not our site.
David E. Simon: Well, the good news since we last talked, David, the stock is above where we bought it and the euro is above where we made our initial investment. So look, I think that the value that we got in helps to deal with those risks. Business has risk wherever it goes. We certainly have tax risk in the United States of America, if you hadn't been reading the newspapers lately, for individuals and all sorts of things. So I think, at the end of the day, there's been a lot of studies on the seek structure there and how it's helped the French treasury, and I don't expect any material change. But the point is that, in any jurisdiction that you're in -- Brazil, France, Japan, Korea, just to name a few places that we are in -- I mean, you have to underwrite what your true tax costs is, and that's got to be implicit in the returns that you want. But I think we're generating above -- we're taking -- the returns that we're generating there with the future opportunities that I think will exist in the continent, at this point, we feel comfortable with it. And I wouldn't necessarily overreact to comments here and there about what certain French authorities might do. There's been a lot of studies that supported the French seek, and I just don't see any change whatsoever on that front. They need to maintain competitive balance and there's been talk in the U.S., but we don't overreact to that as well.
David E. Simon: Well, again, I think you're -- I don't know what papers you're reading, but I'm going to start to look at your -- look, I think all of those retailers want to control their brand. So I would be really surprised if they delegated that responsibility to Amazon.
David E. Simon: Listen, we know these retailers very well. I would be really surprised if they were going to give up control of their brand and be umbrella-ed under an Amazon model. I just can't imagine it. They're very selective in how they deal with their outlet operations. It's got to be brand positive. It's got to fit with their wholesale accounts, very complicated equation that they have. That's why I think a number of these outlets that are being bandied about with those kind of -- in terms of the full demand will be very selective because they're just not going to go to any and all centers. And I think those retailers want to control, they want to be omni-channel, I just don't -- I just can't imagine they're going to end up delegating, losing control over that.
David E. Simon: Yes. They've both been -- they -- again, they're still in TMLP, and we didn't buy all the assets out of TMLP.
David E. Simon: No. It's -- we're leasing, managing it. It's on our books for nothing. It's levered, but the deal has been extended. We think over time it will get better and better, but we didn't want to buy it out of the partnership. It's no harm, no foul kind of deal.
David E. Simon: Well, I'll let Rick -- I want somebody to ask Rick to list tenants, okay. If we could start at St. Louis and list all the commitments we have if you really want. So please, somebody ask Rick. Because if we don't have a call where we can't list the tenants that are doing business, we're in trouble. But let me just say this. The good news that we're seeing in the mall business is that the demand from kind of the general retailer population seems to be moving down the sales per square foot spectrum and so -- that's just the one point that I would make, and then I'll let Rick say the rest.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're economic animals here. So we -- I think, over the years, the market has seen that when we invest capital, we want a return for it. And we don't build just for the sake of building or -- but we do it with the idea that the cash flow growth from that asset will accelerate or that we'll have a return. And I would say to you the primary driver of this is that we've got great properties that we think we can make better. And the reason we can make better is because we have the retailer demand to come into that center, but we just don't have the space. Or we have space because it's a center that's been around that can be better configured to allow for a better retailer to come into the place. And if you look at our list of activity, it's all disclosed there, I mean, you're seeing it. And the good news is, I mean, our big, big projects -- the Roosevelt Field's, the Copley's, the Del Amo's, to name a few off the top of my head are still on the -- still not at the point where they're -- we're ready to go, but we're are getting very, very close on those. And that is really exciting. And I think what it allows us to do is just to take a great property and make it the place to be. And we had an outset in essentially '09 that we have this great portfolio, but we really wanted to make some of these centers iconic in nature and transform them to gain market share for the 21st century, and that's what we're doing. And as I said in my comments, the market tends to overlook this stuff. I got to tell you we're -- never been busier in this effort and the stuff that we're doing is exciting. It's transforming in on these properties. We have very good economic returns. We got a lot of resources dedicated to it. In some cases, we're drinking from the firehose that we're so busy. But the good news is we're -- stuff is coming online already for the end of this year and next year.
David E. Simon: We did not bid or participate in Green Acres and Kings Plaza, so I really have no comment on the pricing there. But I'd say, generally, I mean the marketplace understands the relative attractiveness of strong malls. It ebbs and flows, sometimes people overreact to potential external threats to the mall business. I will tell you that good malls, despite all of its competitive threats, including the Internet, that if they're properly run and maintained and have the exciting retailers in it, that cash flow is going to grow. I don't -- I mean, we have evidence of that in so many different places. I don't know what else to say. It doesn't surprise me that these values and this kind of low interest rate environment are there. And that's a generic statement, it's not a specific statement on any of those transactions you mentioned.
David E. Simon: When we sell it, you'll know it. Until that time, we're running every property as if it's our only one.
David E. Simon: We just did not have an interest in those centers. I mean, it's not -- much to the market's surprise, we don't look at every and any deal that's out there.
David E. Simon: But the fact is, it boils down to also how we negotiate what the CAM charge is, right? So I wouldn't say necessarily it levels off, it just depends on how good we negotiate what the CAM charge is. And we'll see, I mean, when retail demand is strong, we can negotiate a better rate than when it's not.
David E. Simon: No. No, other than -- since you're pointing it out, maybe they will now. The fact is it's a negotiation. They don't look at that. It's really a function of what sales productivity they'll generate out of that space. Our people are very focused on it, but I'd also just say this: it's also a pretty, pretty good evidence of our ability to run a big organization and take advantage of our scale. Part of the reason why we're able to drive down operating cost is because we have systems in place, we've got the procedures, we've got vendor relationships. So the fact of the matter is that retailers should not look at that. They should really look at whether or not they're getting the fair deal for their space. And our organization with its size and scale is able to really drive these costs down. That's been our model from a long, long time.
David E. Simon: Well, I think there should be more trades happening. It seems like with the financing market coming back, there should be a few more trades coming on board. And I think it will support that thesis.
David E. Simon: I think you've got to be really careful on 6.8, 7.5. I really think it's a function of that asset and its historical cash flow and its future growth. I would be remiss to give you a number. I don't think it means anything. It really -- it's such an asset-specific basis. I will tell you, though, that the market, clearly, is paying for stability and stable cash flow. So it really depends if it has to be redone in some fashion, or is it stable, non-sexy property? That all -- it all kind of goes in, it's really real estate-specific, as it should be.
David E. Simon: Still evaluating all that. Our view today, we might partner with somebody, but our view today is that it will more than likely be a rental building as opposed to when we first thought about it more of for sale. And you may do a little bit of both, but the view today is that it'll be for rental.
David E. Simon: Well, look, Amazon is an absolute fantastic company, a force. I think if you talked to Mr. Bezos, he would tell you that there's a role for the way he sells goods. But there's also -- I think he'd be the first to say that there's a significant role for how we sell our -- present our retailers' products. Ultimately, though, I'm sure they'll, at some point, converge. The retailers are certainly converging. We are seeing more and more retailers ship out of stores, have pick-up out of stores and that seems to be a trend, aggressively, that they're doing which I think is very beneficial for us, the mall owner in that if you can pick up or ship out of stores, returns happen, additional visits happen and they -- it helps them on their cost because they don't have to put the extra resources in distribution facilities. So we would expect that trend to continue and I would say, look, we're -- if Amazon or anyone else wanted to talk to us about how to create benefit for our consumer, we'd certainly have an open mind. But to your specific point, I have not heard that they want to own any physical, or operate any physical stores. So we have not heard that.
David E. Simon: Sure, it's going to be a discussion, but we're going to hold firm on it. But sure, no, it will be a discussion just like, unfortunately, everything in the lease document. But no, we would expect to be very, very firm, just like they can't offset returns against it if they buy it from -- it's not generated from that store in the first place. So that will be something to discuss, but our view of that is pretty straightforward and we expect over time that, that will be customary.
David E. Simon: Well, look, he's -- there is going to be a lot of opportunities for this company. And given the amount of activity that we already have with our existing asset base, we just -- we needed a thoughtful pair of hands to help in all of the stuff that we're doing. So he's got ideas and he's looking at all sorts of things, both domestically and internationally. And I'd say, Steve and I, who have the most exposure to him, have been very pleased with what he's contributed and he's got -- he's looking at all sorts of things, which I think, over time, will do some things and that will be helpful to our -- the company's profile. So you know what? The bottom line here is, there's not one deal that we need to do, period. End of story. And we are -- what we really need to do, if I had to tell you what we really need to do is, we really have to execute at the highest level on our redevelopment and development pipeline. That's what we've really got to do. And that's why we brought Contis on board, because we needed -- given the volume of activity, we needed a really -- someone that could really help in that effort, and he's already done that and he's been instrumental, I think, finally, in getting the llama where it is. We've got a great outlet team and they're executing, but Rick and I have to sit on them and prod them and poke them. And then, Goodman, with The Mills, is doing a very good job. And I think you've seen the performance there. So the bottom line is, the one thing we've got to do is, we got to execute our redevelopment pipeline. That's huge. The deal business, if it ain't a good deal, I'm not doing it. It's that simple. And that's why, if we don't do another deal and Matt's here for 3 years before he does a deal, it's okay with me because we're only going to do deals that make sense for this company. But he's a good -- he's a great set of eyes. He's a breath of fresh air. He's younger because we've got some older guys, so it's always good to have a younger guy. He's a nice guy, fits in well with the team and he'll pick up and he'll go to faraway places at a moment's notice and that's helpful. And he represents the company well.
David E. Simon: Well, yes, we did talk about it briefly. Yes, at the end of the day, my guess is only one will get built there. And it -- there will be a competition of which one gets built, but I don't anticipate -- you've got 2 very experienced -- 3 for that matter, very experienced outlet developers in Charlotte. You've got Tanger, you've got us and Paragon. So I think, at the end of the day, it will be a competition to who gets the retailers, and the experience will ultimately dictate that somebody will get the project and somebody won't, and there'll be one built. And I don't think, given where the locations of both are, I don't think it'll have -- if you know Charlotte, I don't think it's going to have an impact on Concord Mills at all. If it does, it will have a marginal one.
David E. Simon: I don't know. I mean, in New York, we got Westchester, Woodbury Commons. We're redeveloping Nanuet and IAC, New York. In Long Island we've got Roosevelt Field, Smith Haven, Walt Whitman, which we've all redeveloped or are under redevelopment. New Jersey, we got a number of properties in New Jersey. So are we in Brooklyn? The answer is no. And -- but, like I said, that's fine for us, we've got plenty to do.
David E. Simon: Yes. So look, I thought it was impressive. And I think it's got a real potential there to be something that we'd love to see as an anchor to our centers, in terms of driving traffic. When you talk to the folks that -- like a Sephora that are in Penney and are in the mall, they view it as 2 different shoppers and it really does not affect how they think about it. And it really gives them an opportunity, probably to go to some markets where they're too small for them to have an individual store. So I think it's beneficial. I think it will be -- it won't be an overly competitive scenario and hopefully it'll drive traffic to Penney, which will drive traffic to the mall.
David E. Simon: Yes, that's a very small part. But the comparable -- for the Premium and Outlets, the comparable portfolio is 218...
David E. Simon: 216. So it's a big pool. It's not like 10 or 15. It's 218 on the outlets out of a total of -- when you add those 2 up -- I don't have it off the top of my head, but the outlets and the...
David E. Simon: Yes. So anyway, in any event, it's the vast majority of our portfolio. Again, we're only taking out like the deals that are under construction or where we're...
David E. Simon: Yes. I would just say this, though. The -- going from pro rata to fixed, you're not going to see much of a bump there, right? Because if it's -- if the tenant was paying $15 pro rata, you can't suddenly say, well, I'm going to charge you $18 fixed. They may give you a little bit because it takes out the equation. So when you add that in there, you're going to see a lower spread, but it's mostly driven by the rental spread.
David E. Simon: We'll let you know as soon as we finish our '13 budget. I will say this, Nate. One of the things you have to keep in mind with our top NOI numbers is, we've been, again, I mean, the vast majority of our portfolio in the U.S. is comp. I mean, It's 80%, 90%. 90%, if I had the numbers right. So we've also -- so we don't -- it's deep portfolio, so just to underline that. But the other point I'd say to you is, if you look back in '10 and '11, importantly, we were growing our comp NOI portfolio where some of our peers had big decreases or were flat. So you have to keep that mind in perspective in terms of how you look -- I mean, it's great to have -- just take a retailer, when they post negative 10% comp NOI or -- I'm sorry, sales, and then the next year it's up 5%, you got to go back to the minus 10% to look at what plus-5% means. We have been growing our comp NOI. We were flat in '09, we had positives in '10. We had positives in '11, industry-leading positives. 90-some-odd percent of our 220 U.S. mall and outlet portfolio is in that number, and so you just have to put that in context. But the fact is, I'm not going to answer your question until -- we will at the beginning of next year.
David E. Simon: Yes. The yes being that, if we were suddenly to buy a bunch of Sears stores, that number would go up. Yes, a couple of them may be -- the redevelopment may take a different form because now, if you had the Sears store back, you would do something different than you might otherwise do. But I think, Nate, that's right. That number would go up if we suddenly saw a lot of Sears activity.
David E. Simon: I mean, I do think, as you mentioned, Nate, I mean, I do think they'll sell stores. But they're -- it's not going to be -- that they have 800 mall stores, if I last remember. I mean, it's not going to be -- you're going to see 200 mall stores sold. I mean they're going to sell a handful here and there, I think.
David E. Simon: Sure. No, I agree. I'm just saying. But I don't -- I was really talking about your broader Sears question. I don't see a big change in their selling a lot of stores. A couple of here and there.
David E. Simon: Just for those that are still on and interested, which we appreciate -- our comparable U.S. outlets and malls for this quarter was 216 out of 220. Not included were a couple of malls that are going through major redevelopment: Walt Wittman in Keystone and then with Merrimack opening in Silver Sands. That was the only 2 outlets that we weren't in it.
David E. Simon: No, it all depends on the market and the real estate. It's not really a function of the $322 or $371. I mean, it's really -- whether they think they can do business and make money --
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would add is to David's point about where all of our development dollars are going. If you look where most of the anchors are being added and most of the boxes are being added and where we're doing our redevelopments, they're in the mall portfolio, where we are having an increasing amount of demand. So it's pretty equal in terms of the momentum in the platforms.
Richard S. Sokolov: I don't think there's much of a connection. I think people are cautiously optimistic for this holiday. I don't think they are bullish. The sales have been holding up. Consumer confidence is back above levels where it was in 2007. Studies are showing that the consumers have a higher percentage of disposable income now than they've had in the recent past. So all that augurs pretty well for the holiday. That said, I think the retailers' balance sheets, their growth plans are still very well articulated and we're still seeing pretty substantial demand. And I don't think that will be materially impacted by whether holiday sales are 1% or 2% plus or minus expectations.
Richard S. Sokolov: It is accelerating. And if you look at our announced anchor activity from quarter-to-quarter, just as an example in the 8-K we had for the second quarter, there was 69 listed and now we're at 76. And there's still a whole lot more we're working on. So we are still seeing demand in the portfolio plus all the platforms from the anchors.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's now Sugarloaf Mills because the marketing contract with Discover expired. So that's all that happened there.
Richard S. Sokolov: I would point you to 2 things: One, I believe our properties are taking share in their markets. And if you look at where we're adding our anchors, to David's point, those anchors are being added across the quality spectrum within our portfolio. They are not being solely added into the higher productivity malls. And as we add anchors, we're renovating 15 properties a year, we're making our properties better. And we are, I believe, gaining share. The other thing that's going on is that higher productivity tenants will continue to outperform because they're going from a higher base, and they have higher per sales -- per foot productivity and that's going to drive overall sales. So you put those 2 things together, I think that's what's contributing to the trends you're seeing.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, the tenant demand is pretty much across the platforms. We're seeing very good demand in the malls, in the mills, in the Premium Outlets. Premium Outlets, you're having a number of retailers that have, traditionally, not been in that sector, wanting to get involved in that sector in a pretty large way. And we've got some tenants coming over internationally that are getting more aggressive with their U.S. presence. And we have some brand extensions. I mean, the best example is Limited Brands PINK that started out as a sub-brand inside of the Victoria's Secret stores, and now they are very aggressively rolling that out as a free standing retail concept and it's a great retailer, with great credit, with a beautiful store. So these are the types of things that make the properties better.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, to the extent that they are going to be aggressively pricing, that can only help increase traffic to our properties and increase our sales. So to that degree, that will be helpful. I will tell you that, like a Walmart and a Best Buy, our exposure to those retailers is relatively low. I mean, all our retailers are more positioned in the moderate to better price points and it's not a commodity product. As David said earlier, each of these retailers are very jealous about their brand and their brand equity and protecting their brand, and pricing strategy is part of that. So -- but to the extent that our property and our retailers are going to be more competitive price-wise, that can only enure to our benefit in terms of increased traffic and sales.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing I would add is, if you look at the department store construct, what we have found is there are a number of our full-price retailers that have wholesale businesses within the department stores. And that's a very good source to us of new lease opportunities because if they open in a department store, do business, they see there is market there, and they will now come to us and then say, "We want to open a full-line store because we're missing sales that are going on in the mall," as opposed to just in that store.
Richard S. Sokolov: We've had that conversation with Finish Line and their view is, and we agree with it, is that it's going to be a different shopper. It's just going to expand their footprint and expose themselves to a shopper that was, otherwise, not going to be available for them in their mall stores.
Richard S. Sokolov: No, I think that we're continuing to have our conversations with them and it's been pretty consistent over the last months.
Richard S. Sokolov: I think it's important to emphasize, they're still very focused on running a retail business. And that's their business and all of our conversations with them are certainly grounded by that underlying premise, that they are an ongoing, viable retailer looking to get better and increase their market share.
Richard S. Sokolov: They're analyzing their business. They're doing a lot of things internally with their business. And we are just continuing to have conversations with them to see how we make that box in our centers as productive as they can be, both under their ownership and if they decide they want to talk to us about something, obviously, we're here.
Richard S. Sokolov: In terms of geography, no. But you've got a number of retailers that are growing, that have basically staked out a more moderate consumer and they have a strategy to serve that consumer and they're doing it very well. And we are doing an increasing amount of business with them across a broader swath of our portfolio.
Richard S. Sokolov: I wouldn't want to categorize it by quality. Certainly, where we have done things in a number of our properties to reposition them, we've seen growth rates commensurate with that capital expended. It's a property-by-property analysis.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's a good question, Alex. I mean, our base currency is the U.S., most of our activities are in the U.S. But as you know, we have euros outstanding on our line that are acting as part of the hedge for our equity investment in Klepierre. We could certainly raise capital in a currency like euros. That window of opportunity would be open for us.
Stephen E. Sterrett: One of the other things that would be driving it, to a degree, Steve, is that over the years, the percentage of the outlet business as a percentage of our total business has been going up. And as you know, the historical occupancy costs there have been lower even with comparable sales productivity.
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, Steve, that's just the cost side. It's just our costs were $3 million lower this quarter than a year ago. And that cost structure that flowed through in the third quarter of 2012 is a decent run rate.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's actually 2 credit facilities, Rich. So there's $6 billion of aggregate capacity. Someone asked earlier about the potential of raising capital in euros. More than half of the outstandings right now, EUR 1.2 billion is euro denominated and is acting as a hedge for our equity investment in Klepierre. So potentially, terming that out would be one opportunity, but we're running with $4 billion of liquidity -- or availability on our credit facility, if you will, plus another $1 billion of cash in the bank between wholly-owned and our share of JVs, so plenty above firepower, Rich.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Certainly, receivables are low and write-offs have been also at historically low levels, and you're seeing the result of that with the lack of bad debt experience. There are always a handful of tenants, Rich, that we are monitoring and paying attention to, but the overall health of the tenant base is pretty good.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, I think the way you have to think about it, Ross, is that there's been a delinking over the last 10 years between the reimbursement line and the cost line as the industry migrated to fixed CAM. So fixed CAM is now just another charge that has an annual escalator associated with it. And you can see the trends in the reimbursement revenue line there. The expense side, quite frankly, as a company, we've done a really good job over the last 4 or 5 years of wringing expenses out of the properties. They are at a low level. We've also benefited from some cyclical things like lack of snow this year and low energy costs. So you're going to need to make your assumption about where those costs are going to go in the future. But we've certainly got the benefit of a cycle that has been helpful to us, which has caused the disparity in the reimbursements and caused that recovery ratio to continue to increase.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, most of those tenants who are on fixed CAM have an annual escalator in that charge. And so the impact on the net recovery will be, do the expenses grow at a rate faster or slower than the aggregate recovery increase from the escalators.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Mike, I'd give you 2 or 3 thoughts. Sales have remained very robust, more so than we would have anticipated 9 months ago. That has led to higher percentage rents. The fact that sales are higher also has to have a second derivative effect on leasing, so that would all be rolled in there. The cost environment has remained very muted. And so to one of the earlier questions, recovery ratios would be a little higher. And then, we would have assumed that borrowing costs would have gone up a bit. They have not. And even though we've decreased our exposure to floating-rate debt from 16% down to 10%, we have benefited from a lower interest rate environment. I think those would be the 3 or 4 big things.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Michael, the Klepierre transaction was accretive. We told you it was accretive at the time of the acquisition. I think David mentioned in his prepared remarks, it's performing exactly as we thought it would.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Paul, the things that -- the comp center NOI growth is for our malls and our outlets only. So Mills, as an example, is not in there. Although the growth rate of Mills has been at or higher...
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, I think, Paul, one of the things that's changed is that, as an example, over the last several years, we've gone to annual escalators in minimum rent as well. The number we give you is an ending cash rent to a beginning cash rent of the new lease. But the fact is, because we're getting many more annual escalators in our rent streams now, you're comparing a bit of an apple and an orange, if you try to go back and look at it 5 or 6 years ago.
Michael Bilerman: I guess if you think about -- you talk about the tenants being able to ship out of the store, pick-up in store, have those started now? As that percentage increases -- and I don't know how those sales are tracked. I assume they're not tracked to the store level which means...
Michael Bilerman: So you're going to get percentage rents and effectively drive your rental income. It's not becoming a point of contention between you and the tenant, the fact that they'll may be...
Michael Bilerman: I'm just curious maybe, David, on your take, Matt's been there now 4 months. Sort of what -- clearly you've liquidated capital shopping centers in capital counties, I don't know if that was his decision. I mean, I know you've been frustrated that -- with the ultimate transaction that occurred last year and...
Michael Bilerman: No, no, I know. I just -- what has Matt -- what has happened over the last 4 months? What has he brought to the organization? Are you looking at...
