David E. Simon: That's 11 years, okay. So, the missed from first call consists was entirely Aéro, which is very typical for a retailer to have operating losses in the first quarter. So, I would – in answer to your question simply, it's a little bit of both. I mean Aéro is a fourth quarter business for – like most retailers. And there is a range of outcomes there, we're still very comfortable with our investment but there is a range of outcomes that's a little harder to predict. So we're being a little more cautious in that front. And then obviously on the retail front, I mean, we've got some retailers that were trying to navigate exactly what might happen and so we're being a little more cautious on that front. We're not backing off our comp NOI number even with that uncertainty in the retail world and we'll see. But, I mean, we're not backing off on it, and I'm optimistic that we'll continue to perform very well.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, I have been waiting a lot of stuff for DC, I'm still waiting for the internet sales taxation fairness to kick-in. So, the reality is people are going to the good centers, traffic is up, our sales even with Easter being in April are up. Our NOI is up, our comp NOI is 3.8%, we've certainly got some retailers that have not performed the way they wanted to or should have, a lot of that was driven by the private equity leveraging up. These businesses more than just the common theme, which is the internet. I'm hopeful that they're going to reinvest in their stores, improve their inventory mix, and service their customer better. And, by the way, we've got to have the same pressure on us to do that. So, it's a two-way street. We are up for the challenge. We have the conviction in our business to do that as you know if you go through our properties by and large, they look they feel great. We're going to redevelop a lot of opportunities. I think any department stores, if and when we get back, are great opportunity for the company. King of Prussia is a great example, Penney's announced closing. We could have saved that deal, we decided absolutely unequivocally not. We're going to make that a mixed-use development, won't be apparel-oriented. So again, we're frustrated only by the narrative, but not by what's happening in our business.
David E. Simon: Well, we don't – we really do not comment – I'm not sure I understand your question. But we really don't – we don't think this is a good form to comment on retail specific issues. As I said, there are things I'm happy to comment on like, we are – apparel has been in the doldrums, we are moving our mix away from that, I think we've done that already, we've lowered it Rick by...
David E. Simon: Well, I think my concern about how they overspent in the Internet versus the store fleet continues to be a concern for me. But I do think they're starting given that the returns in the online between free shipping and free returns is no man's land form and the price transparency and no service add, value add, I hopefully, they'll recognize that they should pivot toward the in-store experience. And I think that's beginning to happen. I also think as I've mentioned to you in the past that there is a number of Internet – pure Internet retailers that will not be able to really sustain their business model and my humble opinion unless they have a physical presence. So, they're still cleaning out to do and we will suffer from that like anybody else, but at the end of the day, if there is less retail space in the United States and I expect there to be, so I'm not suggesting that it won't be, we will be the net beneficiary of that because of the vastness of our portfolio and scale helps and a big balance sheet helps. So we've got $7 billion of capital ready to go to work in whatever form we can do to increase our profitability. And so we'll weather the storm like we have in the past, we've done some of our best work when it's the most foggiest and that's what we do, and that's why we're making $11.50, that's why that's the REIT's highest per share number and that's why dividends grow more than anybody else, and I don't know what else to tell you, that's what we do. I'm not – we haven't backed off our comp NOI. Do we have to work to get to the 3%? You're darn right, but we put that pressure on us each and every year and yeah, sometimes we don't get to the finish line, but we get pretty damn close most of the time. So again, I have no idea if I'm answering your question, but that's what we do.
David E. Simon: I think there'll be a little bit more of that for sure. They do a great job, a lot of the discounters. And I think there is a great opportunity for us to bring them in into the mall environment. Not – you wouldn't want to do it in every mall environment, but certainly there is a handful of malls that make sense to do that and I do think that will continue. And look, reality is – the mall – and again, this is what frustrates us is that the traffic that we see in the malls is good. So yeah, we can always point out to a mall that's gone out of business or the mall that's done, that's got no traffic, like we can at hotel, like we can – movie company that makes movies and they have a flop, doesn't mean all movies are a flop. It just means that one movie they have is a flop. We could talk about network TV and talk about the lineup that all they have and they have a new show that's a flop. Well, it's conceivable that in our portfolio we have a couple of flops, but it's immaterial. That's why we gave you those weighted NOI statistics to reinforce that. But the reality is that we do think that in some of these properties, we will be able to bring in some of that – because I think some of these centers that they're in and the strip center will might suffer a little bit, and they're going to go where the traffic is. And in most cases it's the mall environment, not everyone, but in most cases.
David E. Simon: Well it's very, very good question. So, let's just talk about our businesses in those segments. Our European and Asian business is actually very strong. So that's good news. Our outlet business and mills business continues to prosper, continues to have very good comp NOI growth. And the mall business generally is dealing with a lot of the retailers that we generally understand and know that are out there in the public. However, the great opportunity I think in that business will continue to be reclaiming the department stores and our opportunity to redevelop them that will further expand the mix, whether it's mixed use, whether it's lifetime, whether it's some community-oriented activity. But I think that's going to be a big focus for us is, how do we take advantage of the department store, we do and I think Sandeep has done a very good job explaining this, we do probably have too many department stores in each, in the mall business. And so, but instead of looking that as a concern, given that they pay no rent, we actually think that's a great opportunity for our redeveloping the mall to the next level. And again, I don't think there is any cookie-cutter answer, but since they don't provide any income, there is nothing but upside in how we redevelop and redevelop those assuming we get the appropriate return on cost. So, I would certainly say that's a very important phase what we've got to focus on. And I'd say the next very important phase is we do continue to bring technology into the mall environment, just like many retailers are bringing technology hopefully to their in-store environment. And I think what that will do is make the shopping trip more convenient, more productive, and they'll gain more knowledge by going through the mall. And we've right now under development in a pretty significant way to deliver product, probably realistically a year from now that might facilitate that with also collecting the data, that's important to be able to communicate directly with the consumer. So I would say, those are two areas. And then obviously, we're going to be opportunistic, that's just the way we are. There are no current plans to be opportunistic, but that's just part of our core culture here is to try and be opportunistic when we can.
David E. Simon: Yeah. And I want Rick to answer that. But again, the ones that essentially, if you really cut through it all, the ones that aren't surviving in a tough REIT apparel environment or the ones that were highly levered and had the imprint of private equity on it, okay. And again, I'm going to get a lot of criticism from all my buddies, but that's the truth. So if you look at kind of where that pressure point has been, it's more than just our apparel business is bad, it's because, well, they couldn't survive with leverage on it. They paid a special dividend, they bought stock back, they did some financial maneuvering that increased the pressure that wouldn't allow them to deal with a kind of non-robust meddling environment. With that said, I'd like Rick to comment on the rest of it.
David E. Simon: Steve, I would just simply say the metrics are the metrics we focus more on comp NOI growth. And I mean, obviously, if you go back in a little bit of 2015 we had more bankruptcies than 2016. This year, we'll probably have more in 2017 and certainly 2016. And some of these are still in a state of flux. So, I would not want to like tell you where our occupancy is, other than to say we haven't backed off the comp NOI number of three. Like I said, we're got a lot of work to continue to do, but that comment I would say first quarter in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, I mean that's just the way we look at our business. So, that's the number that we're more focused on than sales per square foot, rents spreads, and occupancy, it's all manifest itself. You put it all in a blender and it all manifests itself into one number and that's the number that I care about.
David E. Simon: Well, look we're making deals, I mean and we're moving the pile. If we worth-making deals given the bankruptcies and the store closures that we're dealing with, we couldn't produce the 3% comp NOI number, that we weren't doing new business. So that's how I would answer that. I mean, again, I don't – we don't look at occupancy the way you might and I'm not disrespecting how you might look at it. I'm just telling you, the way we run our businesses for comp NOI or cash flow growth and we're not – if we didn't have any new lease up given the bankruptcy and store closures that exist in our industry, we wouldn't be able to get to that 3%. So I hope that gives you at least some trend as to how we feel about leasing up some of that space.
David E. Simon: Well, you know how I feel. I think we have given you plenty of data, okay. So the odds of us giving you more data are not great, but I will tell you that in the – we don't have traffic counters in every mall, but we have in a good percentage of our malls and I standby that traffic comment, we have parking counters in our outlet business and when you factor in through April and I had it somewhere but I can't find it. If we have it through April, our traffic overall in – because it's important to remember, March had Easter of last year. The traffic – the parking counters in our outlet business is up one or, I'm sorry, Rick now has the number in front of me, 2%. So that gives you a barometer when you look at, if it was through March in the outlet business, it would be essentially – we look at it by region, be essentially flat. But it's up 2% given the – if you go all the way through Easter in April.
David E. Simon: I don't think so at all because we're up against very little income against those boxes. So it's a function of what you pay for them and what the income is and the last thing we'll do is hold. I mean, that's not to say we don't make silly decisions here. But we know we can back into what the right number is to buy that box. Like King of Prussia, we get it for free. It's a lease. The lease ends, I think, in 2020. And they're going to pay the rent all the way through it, which is great, we get to redo our plans, maybe we'll get the mat early, but that's all given that lease payment, I mean that's a lot of upside. So, I think it's possible a deal here or there, it might be, but that's always been the case, and Steve as you know, we spent a lot of capital in the portfolio to upgrade the look and feel. We're going to continue to do that, the worst thing that we can do and this is a comment for everyone. And the whole – is not invest in our business, that's the worst thing you can do. And I've seen it, and I don't care if it's a hotel, an office building, a movie business, the network business, the internet business, if you don't invest in your product, you can't continue to produce returns, that's the nature of Corporate America. And so, we're going to continue to invest, I think the returns will be there, and I don't think the dynamics of today's current environment have changed that. So, that's what we see, but again if something changes, I think it's a fair question and if we feel a trend there we'll start to set expectations differently.
David E. Simon: Well, the good news is, we'll not crowd out our investment in our product. That's the most important thing you cannot do. And we've seen it as an example at the department store level where stock buybacks have crowded out store investment. We will not let that happen. On the other hand, we have spent a lot of capital on our portfolio. You know kind of what we expect there. And other than – I think the first quarter should continue to give you an expectations of what we'll continue to do. Obviously, the price is lower. And you do come into a blackout period that you're all familiar with. That has almost gone. And we think, I mean, you can do the math, we believe in our business, we believe in our product, we can do both and we will do both.
David E. Simon: Yeah. I'm glad you brought that up, because we've heard this like, chatter. Absolutely, unequivocally the business is strong. It's so far from the chatter, I don't really know how to react other than we can start breaking out statistics again and my goodness, we'd like to be viewed in totality about our entity as opposed to a bunch of statistics, but the reality is absolutely not, it's that chatter is inaccurate, the only pressure that we've seen in the outlet business, which we've been consistent in describing, is we have a number of tourist-oriented centers, and given the strong dollar, we continue to see muted spending because the tourism and all of the psychology of coming to America is different than it was maybe a few months ago. We're dealing with that, but if you isolate those, it's absolutely au contraire, I wanted to show people, if all my years of going to Paris, I can speak French, and no, that chatter is just wildly false. So, I don't know, what else to tell you.
David E. Simon: Yeah. And I think an important point is that the value oriented, I mean, you can get discounted goods a lot of places and it certainly proliferated, but to the consumer having them all together in a nice pretty coherent layout is why consumers will travel to our outlet centers and shop and I will tell you this. The comp NOI growth in our outlet business exceeded the mall business, okay. So, I've heard this chatter, I don't know where it's coming from but I'm here to officially refute it.
David E. Simon: I think I already answered that question a couple of times. And we've affirmed our guidance, that's really all that I need to answer on that front.
David E. Simon: Well, on the outlet side, we've got a very interesting pipe. I think in Asia, we've got a very interesting pipe with McArthurGlen. We're hopeful to start a new project in Spain here in the next couple of months and I think the investment community should realize, we have a really strong business outside of the U.S. and it's worth much more than what it's on our books, okay? But, put that aside. So, there is a nice pipe through McArthurGlen. And by the way, we just open a new center in Provence, which is – which we own 90% of and that's no small feat to accomplish in France, and we have our partner McArthurGlen to thank for that. We have a very nice pipe in Asia, very nice pipe in France. We will have one project that we'll probably start construction in the next couple of months in the U.S., which we'll announce shortly. And then, we've got a couple of more that are in the works that will probably won't start till 2017 – I'm sorry, 2018 for 2019 delivery. So, we continue to look for opportunities on this – there is nothing more than what we do is plan for potential department store redevelopments. And we're working both on sourcing the demand and then ultimately, trying to get the boxes back and that's an ongoing process that will continue to be. But we think that will be beneficial to the company in the long run.
David E. Simon: No, I mean, it moves from quarter-to-quarter, but no, we don't – we – here's you got to put companies in – you got to think a little bit broad, Kim. There if we were loosey-goosey with our capital, we wouldn't have the best balance sheet in the business with the most fire power. So we don't buy upper end, we don't throw capital after tenants that may fail, that doesn't mean we don't make mistakes but we – there is just no change in our approach to that, and it will never change, and that's why see these things are related, right. That's why you have – that's why we have the balance sheet here as because, you're right, it is all about capital allocation. It is all about not putting good money in the rabbit hole. And we are not perfect there. We make mistakes. We do take chances every once in a while. But there's just no trend there, it's just not what we do as a company and I'm – would have hoped that seeing us operate for this long period of time, you would understand that.
David E. Simon: Well, first of all, I view that as a complement. I think, Westfield is a very good operator. So, that's number one. Number two is, look, we do – it is potential, we could collaborate. We do that currently for instance Deliv is a consortium of three or four mall owners. We talk to – the mall owners talk on technology front all the time. We talk to Westfield, we talk to General Growth, we talk to Macerich, Taubman, et cetera. When there's a new product that we think and that we can – because at the end of the day, we really don't compete all that much locally. I mean, if you are really fascinating about our businesses, yeah, we have skirmishers here and there. But we don't have a lot of overlap with our top operatives in markets of all that significance. So, there is the potential to collaborate, we're more than happy to. And I do think there is potential to do that and we have done it, and there'll certainly be more potential as we move forward.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, yeah, I mean we can, again we'll look at it. It's just not, we're not obsess with it, okay. We'll look at it and maybe Tom will give you the number, maybe he won't, I don't know, okay.
David E. Simon: Yeah, they did a clean up to restart the brand during when it went from the liquidator to the new owners. It wasn't really material, but it was a good beginning to reintroduce the brand to the consumer. And centrally most of the stores were touched, some more than others.
David E. Simon: Yeah, look, I think that's probably not this year, but we'll – we evaluate it all the time, we're not afraid to invest in it, but it's – to go through bankruptcy is somewhat traumatic, okay. So, and again, we weren't in-charge of liquidating it in the periods. So, again, I don't want to get into all the technicalities of it, but we just took it over January, I don't know, 1 or 2 or 6, whatever the date was. So, this year is just to stabilize it, we did clean up to reintroduce it. We are sourcing new product. We are going through all that, but it's the first year.
David E. Simon: Well, we're going to do returns that create value for our shareholders, that's number one. Number two, I don't think we'll do much office frankly other than we have built office on top of the few of our new developments like at Domain and Clearfork, just to name a few. We think that's nice mix, but I don't think – I sell the land or do something probably before I built an office tower and I think we have a very nice pipeline for hotels and multi-family throughout the portfolio. We're talking to a lot of people. We got some great plans and I think that will be a growth vehicle for the company going forward.
David E. Simon: Yeah. I mean, yes and no, we might. We'll certainly bring in operators, but we could bring another developers that just – it depends on the market and there is – again there is no one set answer, but the reality is we could do both and we have done both.
David E. Simon: Not really. I mean, the – it always takes time to lease up new expanded space. Most good developments do not have a 100% lease to start, you always kind of want to calibrate or you want to wait for the retailer. I'd say we're pretty much on plan on those.
David E. Simon: Norfolk will do better than that. But now it's all in our 8-K and you can see nothing really changed, in terms of our returns.
David E. Simon: No, I mean, David left for family reason. Yes, there is no impact on succession planning there. And it gives – we have a great strength in our bench and our development team; Kathy Shields, John Phipps, we just hired a real quality veteran that was in Luxottica running that real estate, Mike Nevins. So we have a very good bench and so really not much to say beyond that. So no worries on that front.
David E. Simon: The most interesting thing on that front is that when they – if they do close a store or they leave a market, those Internet sales that are in that market go bye-bye. So that's really the – just to broaden your question in terms of the answer, I mean that's what's interesting when they leave a market, those Internet sales in that market tend to go bye-bye.
David E. Simon: Yeah, I think it's a good move and we'll certainly pursue it. So, we think it's interesting and we have done in the past, we'll continue to do it.
David E. Simon: Well, I think it's a retailer-by-retailer case. That's certainly the case for some retailers without question. So, it's a case-by-case. So one thing I would – with respect to your question, remember our sales, we have all the outlets in it. So the dramatic impact is from a highly productive tenant is not that – it's not dramatic, okay. That's not to say though. There aren't – certainly, there are some retailers that – because their productivity is so low that they have too high – they can't afford the rent, that's what makes our business. That's what's moved our number is that those guys go out and we find somebody else to replace them. If we could not replace retailers, then it would be an issue, but we can and we have to, and that's what we do. In Europe as another example, I mean, the occupancy cost there are much greater for in line tenants, yet they have all find the ability to become more profitable. So, again, I think certainly that's the case for some retailers. When that happens, we tend to replace some and again when you think about the impact on some of those higher productivity tenants, just put in less than perspective because we meld in the outlet business, so that doesn't make it as – not that it doesn't have an impact, but it's not dramatic.
David E. Simon: There is really no rule of thumb, every one of these development opportunities is evaluated on its own and the returns are going to be a function of how you redeploy the space. If it's all small shops, the returns could be considerably higher. If you're substituting a single user into the existing box, the returns could be a little bit lower, but the capital expenditure will be lower. It's a case-by-case situation and frankly, as you can see, when you look at our reporting, we've been very active in bringing anchors to our property and that's been going on for years. And it's going to hopefully only accelerate as we get control of more of the space.
David E. Simon: No. We don't go into the specifics. I mean, that's something we disclose our capital in our schedules, but we're not going to go into the specifics of an individual redevelopment project.
David E. Simon: Yeah, we don't give quarterly guidance, number one. We think that's a waste of everybody's intellectual curiosity. There's just no way to compare it to 2015 and 2016 because the fleet was the 1,000 stores and now it's 500. We've done a dramatic job on sourcing, we've done a dramatic job on overhead. And again, we're just building the inventory back up because of the liquidation. So it's really an apple and an orange. And the reality is, just to put in perspective, $0.03 on $2.74 is what percent is that? Somebody do it, 1%. So it's not like it is what it is in our cash investment between OpCo and IPCo was in the $33 million. So again, let's just put all of this stuff in perspective. And again, it will probably continue to have generally – it will probably continue to have operating losses through the – until the fourth quarter, but I'm not going to give you per share stuff, because we just don't do that – per quarter stuff, I should say.
David E. Simon: Rich, I know you're smart, but you can't go back to 2015 and 2016, because that company is completely different then it is today. So...
David E. Simon: Well – and fact of the matter is, we're not – I don't even look at 2015 or 2016, I am looking at what they're doing going forward.
David E. Simon: It's not how we would look at it, so what percent of the average base rent would we – I don't – the answer is I don't know.
David E. Simon: We put in – look, the way we look at it is, we've got our total revenues for our properties, not our share, but our total is over $6 billion, right? So, it's very – it's immaterial when you look at it on that perspective.
David E. Simon: Well, we're always thinking about things differently, I would say. In this case, the reality is, we don't have any empty boxes, okay? Now, I guess King of Prussia is going to be empty and that will be our one and only empty box. And I guess, it's fair to say that we are thinking about that a little bit differently and that given the dramatic changes that the malls had in that particular area of the wing, with Sears going out and Primark and DICK's taking that over. And the interest in mixed use, we'll probably go more mixed use, more big box, and since we added all the small shops connecting the two malls, yeah, you could say maybe, our thinking is different, but I would tell you that I – hopefully it evolves every day, so maybe on the margin.
David E. Simon: Well, I don't know – Floris, I don't know why you would relate those two. I mean, those are – those guys are real operators, and I think they're going to – they're evolving to be best-in-breed, so in that, in the department store area. So look, I think that we've got so much optionality with that joint venture, it's – right now, it's business as usual, but those optionality to take it to another level is as the landscape changes, but right now, it's business as usual. We're looking at selective boxes to redevelop within the existing portfolio. They continue to improve upon their fleet putting money back into the physical real estate and I continue to be impressed with how they operate through stores.
David E. Simon: Yes, very much so. A lot of it's new. So we don't have a lot of rollover yet, but the answer is yes. It's a good question. Again, we kind of look at the cash flow growth, but maybe there is some numbers there that we can get to you next time.
David E. Simon: Again, a very good question. I thought you're going to bring out the game yesterday. Tottenham, my – and we're on a good streak until yesterday.
David E. Simon: All right. So I – you sounded a little depressed on the call, but anyway it's a good question. The reality is, it's worthy, doubted we would change. But let's see what the number is and – I mean we do have a lot of depreciation in our business. So...
David E. Simon: Yeah. Well, I don't think so. I mean – what I understand is bonus depreciation is part of the thing to go back and forth. I mean there is no reason to model it right now, because you know God knows what's going to happen. But it's interesting our taxable income is $7 thereabouts. So at 15% without accelerating depreciation, I'm not sure why I would suddenly want to pay that to Uncle Sam. But if they change something with the depreciation rules, maybe it's of interest. But I would rather give that 15% – I'd rather give that money to our shareholders as opposed to the government.
David E. Simon: Yeah. I mean, I agree other than you know we do have taxable income of $7. So, which again, if our FFO per share is $11.50, the mid-range, $7 that's not too shabby.
David E. Simon: ...so, maybe they'd have to change the depreciation rules to really get us to think about it, I think.
David E. Simon: Well, I don't know. I mean, I'd rather bring my shareholders there. So I mean, I think some have tried to paint the other side of the picture and it just doesn't seem to be working. So I'd rather – I think our folk – I'd rather bring shareholders wherever they like to go, we're happy to tour them, explain the business, we certainly do it with sell-side and so on. We're certainly – we communicate all the time with our investors and shareholders. I think that time better spent and time is better spent running our business than trying to get the narrative change, it just – I'm only expressing that point of view to try to anybody that's concerned about the narratives, see – that's on this call, at least sees the other side of the story, that's all I'm interested and expressing on this call. And importantly, that's evidenced by our numbers, but I'd rather spend more time with our shareholders and our teams, they're just – I just don't see as being successful and changing it right now.
David E. Simon: Well, it's interesting. Look, I can't sit here and predict what per capita we should have. That's way above my ability to forecast or even have an opinion on. I will tell you this. Certain malls are actually that maybe shouldn't have been built or maybe in the right trade area or actually – they last a lot longer than people think. And so, I don't know, I have no idea. All I worry about is what our portfolio can produce in terms of cash flow and I don't really have an opinion on kind of what the right U.S. numbers should be. I just don't have an opinion.
David E. Simon: Thank you. All right. Thanks. Sorry, this ran a little longer and appreciate all your questions. We do like giving everybody a chance if interested to ask your question, and given there's no more, we can go on through the rest of our day. Take care.
Richard S. Sokolov: I would tell you Michael, the key as in all of these things is the person with the most compelling properties is going to win and all you have to do is, visit some of our properties like King of Prussia, ,like Galleria, like Sawgrass Mills, like Woodbury across the four platforms and you will see new retailers, both the e-tailers and the international retailers and our existing brands and new designer brands that all wanted to take advantage of the space that is becoming available either because we created it, because we took back space from underproductive retailers or we consolidated those on productive retailers into more productive space to free up space. There is still very compelling demand out there across each of the ones that you talked about. Are we fighting about rent? Sure. But we've been fighting with our tenants about rent for 40 years, that doesn't change.
Richard S. Sokolov: The answer is I could, in fact I have a list here of them, I could take up the rest of the call with the names, but because David always makes fun of me when I rattle off names, I'll be very limited. But things to bear in mind with our outlet business, we have some of the greatest outlet centers in the world. So literally we're getting international designer tenants that are opening their first, second or third outlet store in the world at our properties. But we're having the more people that are in bulk; ASICS, Citizen, Scotch & Soda, (44:10) I could go on and on, I literally have a paper in front of me of probably 150 names, and one of the reasons it's so strong is because the occupancy has been so high, this is the first time we've had even a little inventory that we can accommodate all the people that want to grow. So it is just not an issue whatsoever with demand.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yeah, this is Rick. Frankly, though the thing I think you're probably referring to is our tenant allowances and if you look, they've been relatively consistent over a very long period of time, we give virtually no allowance on our renewals. We tell you the allowances that we do on a per square foot basis for our new leases and happily this quarter it happened to be a little higher, because we're able to do a lot of great leasing for some very high impact tenants, and so it's a little more allowance, but as David has said consistently all that is built into our NOI growth, and it is consistent with where we've been over a long period of time.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yeah. On the renewals in 2017, we're probably about 10 basis – 100 basis points ahead of where we were last year at this time and we're already starting on 2018. And we're probably about 20% due our 2018 renewals, which is ahead of where we were in 2017 this time last year. So, we're very focused on that and making good progress against it.
Richard S. Sokolov: Anecdotally, what we have heard from our department stores is that they do gain market share both when they close their stores in the market and frankly that was the point that David alluded to earlier when he said in the long run, this retail consolidation is going to benefit us because those sales that are in the market, we're going to get our share of them. Also, we have heard from our department stores that when a store closes in the mall, those shoppers for the most part stay in the mall and those sales do get redistributed among the other department stores that are in the property.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, you hit like anything else. There is certainly opportunities and when there are opportunities, we take advantage of them. We added Wegmans in Montgomery Mall. We've added Fresh Market in The Falls. We're literally in a process of adding a supermarket right now at College Mall where we demolished the Sears. So where it fits the market, there's certainly a great use. You got to be able to accommodate their physical constraints and it also has to make sense economically, but we're actively talking to them. And hopefully we'll have others that are going to find their way into our properties as we get space available.
Richard S. Sokolov: But I would also say to you that we are analyzing virtually every box that we have and we keep a running strategic assessment of who is not in each of our properties that would be appropriate to be added to that property including the other mixed use potential because it's a market specific analysis. So we are anticipating potential opportunities to recover these boxes, and so we are not going to be caught flat-footed when the opportunity present themselves.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Good morning. So I am 20 years plus working on my American, but hopefully you can understand my question, David.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. So yesterday, the administration put forward plans to reduce the corporate taxes down to 15%. Now, this is not a new idea and who knows whether that ends up at that number. It does look though there is a move to lower corporate taxes. I mean, if you can give any thought to a level at which it might make sense to become a C-Corp.
Unknown Speaker: No, I mean, I guess the flexibility that would come from being a C-Corp would be a potential in setting aside what rate it is...
