David Simon: Well, Craig we don't give specific itemized guidance. As you know we do give you comp NOI guidance, and I think, it's important to remind folks that every year we have a lot of ins and outs of our company, because of our size. So this year as an example, we expect to have lower lease settlement -- lower lease settlement income from -- compared to last year. We budgeted a higher distribution income from our value retail investment, which we now expect to be lower. We have a stronger dollar than we anticipated. We're accelerating our vacant anchor and redevelopment program, as an example in Northgate, which does about 15 million of NOI. We're shutting that mall down essentially this year so that's different than our budget. And then obviously, we have some unanticipated bad debt. It's now not called bad debt, but I'll call it bad debt for this quarter because of the -- you know the bankruptcies that occurred in the first quarter. And then we have certain SPO cost. So as much as you would like us to itemize each and every aspect of our business, we will -- we don't do that. We're a big company. We've got roughly $5 billion of FFO. So, again put that in perspective. We are an earnings machine. That's how we think about ourselves. We obviously knew about the settlement when we gave you guidance. It was disclosed in our 10-K at on February 22, but when we disclose that. But we don't give itemized specific guidance because of the nature of our company is a little bit different than others. And I hope that addresses your question.
David Simon: Yes, I think it's generally a mix. We are taking out some less performing retailers, putting in better ones. We're not going to guide necessarily for that, that spread, but we're certainly proud of it. And our mix continues to change. We -- we have felt confident we still have leases that are under market and we expect to continue to post the positive leasing spread.
David Simon: Not really. I mean, a lot of -- a lot of the bigger, larger accounts just take some time and that's really all that's ongoing there.
David Simon: Well, good question, Jeremy. I think it's safe to say that we did anticipate some bankruptcies. We are looking at a few others that we'll see how they -- how the rest of the year shapes up for them. We were a little bit -- a lot of cases when you do run into a bankruptcy, you do see kind of a reward [ph] opportunity. Couple of bigger ones just liquidate it that was different than our plan. But that's what makes our company unique is that, we’ll take that space back. But that's what makes our company unique is that we'll take that space back, we will lease a lot. And I don't think it will affect the long-term prospects of our cash flow generation, but it's going to take some work this year to balance that. But I think most of the bad news is behind us. I can't guarantee that.
David Simon: Yes, I think, I said this obviously if I was in the McDonald's drive if you didn’t hear it, but for Northgate has no impact on that. That's in the portfolio NOI number, because it was -- it's going through a redevelopment. The fact is though we had budgeted a lot more NOI through that this year, that's now going to go off line. So it does affect our overall $12.30 to $12.40 estimate. And I will put that in mind, remember that's $12.30 and $12.40 which I do think is the leading REIT per share earnings, but you would know that better than I would. And I -- basically the number between the stronger dollar and the extra bad debt expense is around 100 basis points. I did -- I think I said that in my commentary early, but you may not have heard that. So I – and getting to your question, the 2%. If we felt, we had to back off that, we would tell you today, listen there are no guarantees. But we have a lot of levers in this, in this company and we're going to try to achieve that to our best of our abilities. We felt it wasn't achievable, we would back off it. We are not backing off of it. I would say the biggest unknown is not necessarily future unanticipated bankruptcies, but our average rent always is you know at the -- you know we're at the mercy of retail, retailers and that's a number that we do have a little bit of volatility in it, because of our high producing properties. So yes. So that's the one element that we watch every quarter and we'll see how it shakes out. But the reality is if we wanted to back off of 2% we would tell you today that we're not at that point.
David Simon: Yes, it covered a little bit of both. But the reality is, the biggest comp NOI situation is because of the foreign exchange rates, and the bad debt.
David Simon: Well, I appreciate the comment. The reality is, we don't want to necessarily do that. So when the SEC says you can't do that, then you’re asking us to do it. I'm not sure what the right approach to do that is. We take your comments certainly under advisement. For us to say bad debt, when there is no longer a bad debt, is not something we necessarily want to do, but well let's see how this year shapes out, and we're not -- we're certainly open to it, but we don't know what to call it if it's not allowed to be. It's contra revenue as opposed to bad debt expense.
David Simon: We don't know. It's a little -- it's a little tricky, but you know, we’ll. I do think generally we disclose all the relevant facts of our company. We have an exhaustive 10-K. We have an exhaustive 10-Q. We do an 8-K. I think our industry; the REIT industry does a tremendous amount in disclosure. Much better than many other you know Corporate America. So you know, and again, I always maybe I fail at this Michael, but our company is -- it's just a little different. It's a little bigger. There's more moving pieces. We're more international, we're got more platforms. We have much lower overhead. So it's just -- we're a different, a little different animal, and to get into the nitty gritty detail that you get from all these other companies, we could -- we could argue whether it's really all that material and relevant. So we'll have that discussion for a later day.
David Simon: Well I mean, it changes every, it's just the mix of a little bit. We do as I mentioned to you, we have driven through our corporate relationships, have driven the outlet business internationally. We've got some really good returns on that coming online. And then some of these redevelopments, we're taking back, anchor department stores or are driving that. But it's a mixed number, and it's subject to change quarter-to-quarter. But again, the general theme about our ability to adapt to having accretive return on investment hasn't changed.
David Simon: No. I don't think, it'll generate, you know we expect it to generate FFO losses. I'm not -- as much as I know you want to know the number, I'm not going to necessarily give it to you. Certainly, you know and again, this is one of the things that when we budgeted our initial $12.30 to $12.40 that we re-affirm. We weren't really sure whether or not we were going to get the beta or not. But, we're able to withstand, reaffirm our guidance and withstand those losses even though we got the beta. So, and we do expect to be you know for public sometime in the next few months. So those losses will go through. I would think in the scheme of our company, we can handle it. It's a long term investment and we continue to be excited about it, and ultimately be an important part of our company and our platforms. But, it's it's early days there. So I can't necessarily make specific predictions other than to say we wouldn't be doing unless we felt confident. But, -- but we'll see.
David Simon: Yes. I do. I do think you know I do think it's going to increase, but some of the bigger ones that we have ready conceptually of what we want to do. We're still in the midst of planning approval process. So we've got just to take two examples that are jump out at the top of my head, Brea and Stonebridge both in California. I mean are big, big developments, redevelopment I should say with a former share stores that we now control. Those are 300 plus apiece in that range, and that's not, as you know we don't we don't put that in our profile, until we get approval and both internally and obviously with the municipalities there. So, yeah it is. And we are, I mean, we are blowing and going on that front. So generally across the company, we're really, really I'd say as active as we've ever been. So the answer is, I think it's going to go up. It's a little bit out of our control in the sense not that we don't want to do it, but we have some big ones that are going through the planning process. But, I don't think it'll be 2 billion a year, it could average $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion just to give you kind of an order of magnitude. But it is -- it is active and it hasn't. It's not slowing down anytime soon.
David Simon: Yes. Look, I think I explained that to you. But I'm happy to do it again. I mean, we have -- we have we are. Let me just say this. I think we had a very strong quarter. And our numbers are pretty damn good. But I appreciate, I appreciate your comments. Let me, let me give you a few things just comparing quarter-over-quarter, but also keep in mind, we did lose, we did have a much. And again, it's not called bad debt expense anymore, and I know I know everybody knows that I know accounting. So you know it's not -- it's not, it's not bad debt, it's contra revenue. But we had a much, we had a much bigger bad debt expense than we did quarter-over-quarter. And that's what affected our comp NOI number now. And I also want to make sure you understand that the Opry settlement is not in our net operating income. Are you clear on that? That's in our other income area.
David Simon: Okay. So, but we also had lower lease termination income from quarter-over-quarter. That was a material number you can basically see that that was around 7, so I'll just give you a couple things. And that's why I think you'd feel a little bit better about what we -- what we produced this year. We had lower lease settlement income, $0.07. We again, we do only and I've made this perfectly clear. I made it perfectly clear last quarter. We as you know we're an investor in Value Retail. We only book. We do not book our pro rata share of net operating income or FFO. We only book when we get cash receipts. So i.e. cost, the cost method of accounting. Are you familiar with that? I am. You are, that was one of my favorite classes. The reality is we had $0.06 lower and you can see that in our 8-K obviously least capitalization foreign exchange. We did dispose of our HBS. You know HBS, Europe operations. You know that's another $0.05, $0.06 you put it all together. So that that gives you a sense, and kind of what's moving around. And again, that's what we -- that's what happens with the size of this company. And again, I try to -- I try to push people there because that's what happens. But, we did have 7% growth when you take into account, just trying to normalize the new accounting for leasing cost, which is pretty good and in a market that’s dealing with a lot of bankruptcies. And then as my favorite would say, and I wrote about him once, I don't want to attribute to him but I'll say, not too shabby. Okay. Not too shabby.
David Simon: Well, it's all in our twelve thirty to twelve forty. And again, what I was trying to explain on Northgate we had budgeted, you know the one thing we're not going to do is budget every mall and show you every mall NOI and it's just -- it's not what we're about. And again, remember to take twelve thirty five times three hundred and sixty three shares outstanding and that's our total rental total FFO. We work and I just give you a simple example, okay. We were budgeting Northgate mall around 15 million of NOI, because we thought the redevelopment of that was really going to start in earnest in 2020. That 15 million is going away, okay. That's just one example. But I'm not going to get in here about every up and down in our company because we've got -- that's not what people do when you run a big company. Okay. If you have 10 assets or I don't know who does that but that's not what public companies should be talking about. I mean, we have ups and downs on assets every time. And what you said earlier still holds true.
David Simon: We're going to grow year after year and we have $1.5 billion positive cash flow after dividends and let's keep that in mind as well.
David Simon: Well, again if you look at our occupancy cost we still feel like we have a -- certainly opportunity to continue to drive spreads, and I think that hasn't changed. And then when you add the redevelopment opportunities are getting either the space back for the right price and/or lease is terminating with these boxes like you know the penny box with King of Prussia where they were basically, I don't remember, Rick, what were they paying a foot five, six…
David Simon: Five bucks a foot. And we haven't even started on that one. I think there's going to continue to be the rent spreads that we have historically achieved. The environments, obviously there's a little bit more supply due to the bankruptcies. On the other hand, you know and I don't want to overemphasize this, but generally the retail community really values physical retail on one hand. On the other hand an additional hand they are now valuing who the landlord is. Who has the capital to continue to invest and evolve the product, which was the mall business has been doing for year after year, it has been around 60 years and it is always evolved during that period of time and will continue to evolve. We're in a good spot because one is they want physical retail. It's profitable to them. Two is the landlord today and I assure you this, please talk to whomever you want. You guys have a great system of information at Goldman Sachs. And it could get into the consumer business even more you'll have even more information. Is that the landlord is really, really important. It's always been. But now the ability to invest, the ability to make the products and continue to evolve is really important. We have those attributes. So we have to execute, but that's you know people are going to when they when they look to open to buys and they look to make a bet on it, we’re going to be top of mind.
David Simon: You don't have to answer it. It's not fair. I don't have to say it. You can write whatever you want to write. So don't answer that. So -- and the reality is our size as Rick mentioned also allows us to say, hey, you know we'll just milk this asset because we don't believe in the long term location. So, we can actually be almost scientific. I mean our business is an art not necessarily a science, but we can be scientific about where we want to put our capital because at the end of the day not any one particular asset obviously some are more important than others is not going to make or break our company. So that again gives us the ability to be you know it kind of feeds on itself in terms of why you're a decent capital allocator, because you can be clinical in the sense about where you want to put some doubt. And I hope that makes sense to you.
David Simon: No. I think 2020 is good because we have a lot of new developed coming online and I do think you point out very good points in that. We always thought this year was going to be a little muted because we really -- I mean the international outlets do take time. We have a couple opening this year, but most of that's open in 2020. And then we have a lot of redevelopment ongoing. It's opening in 2020. So then you've got obviously the downtime -- when you when you're restructuring a piece of real estate like Northgate then you've got a lot of moving parts about that. And literally we just made the decision, we were studying the last two or three months and we felt like look if we just go ahead and scrape the center we're going to accelerate the development. That's not great for our earnings this year, but in the long run it's the right thing to do. So, we have a we have a number of those that we just -- we're just going to try to make the right real estate decisions as opposed to short term earnings impact. But yet with all these moving parts, with all the volatility with certain retailers we're still got growth. We've still got a billion five cash flow. We still have the best dividend coverage. We’re still growing our dividend and we're still had growth in our earnings. With all that said and our new investments in SPO [ph], I mean we're going to -- we're trying to land the plane at the $12.30 to $12.40 range which as my friend, not a friend. he doesn't know me but I feel like I'm a friend, not too shabby. 
David Simon: Look, I think we have that flexibility if there's weakness in the stock, we’ll get active. We've been – we did it in 2017 and 2018. It’s certainly, we feel like it's a good investment and investing in our company through share buybacks is a real opportunity. And that's why we've got it. We had run out of our authorization and that's why we got -- that's why we got reauthorized. So, I expect it to be in our arsenal this year and if there's weakness in the stock well we're going to be active.
David Simon: Yes. Look, this is associated with our investments and value retail. That's one of these things that we have. I said it earlier but I'll just restate it more succinctly I hope. We cost account or that. So we only book cash income when we actually get this dividend or distribution, technically it’s a distribution from the business. Last year we -- that was all associated in the first quarter. We had budgeted number this year. It looks like that number maybe, we may have over budgeted. So, but again it's a little bit harder for us to budget. So, we took our best estimate. Unfortunately it's coming in lower not because anything is going on with the business. It just -- that's just -- we're not in control of that situation. So, we don't anticipate that coming in like you're going to see that in Q3 or Q4 or Q2. So, and that's all associated, that distribution income is all associated with our interest in value retail.
David Simon: That's a good question. The reality is nothing has peaked our fancy at this point. I wouldn't rule it out but it's, honestly we looked at a few things, not again corporately but just the asset here or asset there. Nothing has really peaked our interest, but that's still -- we're still looking at individual assets here and there. And there could be one or two that we would add to the portfolio, Jeff. So it's still there. We're fortunate enough to be in a position where we could do that. We do have people that approaches to do stuff and if it's really good long term real estate fairly priced I mean I think we would have an interest but it's not -- we're not, I'd say we're not active, that active but it's -- I wouldn't rule it out. But we're not that active.
David Simon: That's a good question. I don't -- what do you think? Some days I wake up saying I should wait, other days, I don't know. The answer is I don't really -- it's a tough one to say. I think we've been doing the right stuff, but we're happy to take input.
David Simon: Well, it's early days. Ultimately, I can't predict exactly all the services that that this business will provide. And no, unfortunately I cannot give you the cost, other than the cost of this is now again another thing when we budget our numbers we weren't really sure whether we’re going to get to better or not and ultimately operating. We're now doing that. And it's kind of been in our estimates, but I can't -- I'm not going to itemize it at this point. At some point we anticipate we will, but in the meantime we're just going to accept the burden in our overall corporate numbers.
David Simon: Okay. So that's only 29 years. Rick’s has been doing it for 63 years. I'd say, he started this when he was five, so, it would be a lot more fun. So, I mean we always have assets that put pressure on us and we figure out how to deal with it. But a couple of them where you had a couple of department stores close at the same time. Yes, they are little bit more of a pain in the neck.
David Simon: No. It's really. It really is an asset by asset, and what -- is it the only mall in that trade area and all the typical real estate stuff.
David Simon: Well, technically it's now called a contra revenue number. So I'm not -- we don't -- we had an anomaly in Q1. We don't expect that to happen the rest of the year. So I don't know if that answers your question, but we did a much bigger contra revenue hit to our revenue this year – this quarter versus certainly last quarter and our expectations of that are to decrease.
David Simon: Well, I mean there's -- and that's a big question lots of lots, I don't want to talk about one particular company, but that's a big question and probably I’m happy to talk to you about online. I do think from a society environmental point of view we should be thoughtful about this drive for, what is it do to our environment? What does it do to our infrastructure to drive this one day shipping to whomever does it. And I don't know. We'll have to see what happens. I think our retailers do generally have a real significant advantage with the footprint that they have because the bottom line pickup in store doesn't cause extra transportation and environmental cost. It already exists and it does -- the consumer does want convenience and speed and it seems to satisfy that desire. So, we'll see how that offsets against the one day shipping. But I don't really have any other comment than that.
David Simon: While in the U.K, we're only in the outlet business. And right now with the pound it's actually pretty decent. So, we don't have any pull price in England and with the pound a little bit weaker tourism, okay, we're building a new center there that we think will be good. I mean, there is some trepidation from retail commitments on the new stuff. But long term we don't expect any real inability to lease outlet up.
David Simon: Well, I think, listen, you can't -- when you build something it's like building a shopping mall. When you build something, you know what that mall is today maybe something what it is it's going to be different five years from now. So I think we -- that's how we're thinking about that. And I think all the great Internet companies and startups and all of the new technology companies have all started with one product, one idea and then morphed into several. I mean obviously you can look at Amazon, Google as prime examples about where they started and where they end up. You can look at we works. You know they call themselves we company now because they go in different directions. So I think you have to put that -- we're not even close to those companies, but we have to think about our product just along those lines and that we start somewhere as we get traction we add to it. So in direct response to your questions I will say we're adding more retailers. We do have a universal shopping cart. And yes you're right, we're not in the fulfillment business today but one day we could be, one day we could be doing it from the mall or the outlet. So we'll have to see how it transpires. But it is early days. And I think the retail receptivity has been rewarding otherwise we wouldn't have started. If the retailers hadn't expressed an interest in our product, we would have killed it couple years ago.
David Simon: Well, I guess, I guess what I would say to you is there is nobody that values cash flow more than me. And I think you know that, right? So we're getting into this business, it's got -- we're going to invest in it like we invest in our real estate product. If we thought -- and I -- there is no guarantees. You're right, it could, maybe we don't find the secret sauce, maybe we don't get the consumer buy and maybe this maybe that. But there is nobody that values cash flow more than, more than me. And we've got enough of free cash flow that is to build this platform and see where it goes, and if we, if we're not successful then we're big people and we'll go on to the next. In the meantime, we're not going to risk the company. It's not make or break, it's -- I don't want to say it's on the margin, but this is what we do, we invest in our products and this is just another produc.
David Simon: It's absolutely correct. And by the way, it wasn't a recovery. Well, it was a recovery, but we had to actually litigate to get the recovery. So it was a settlement of the lawsuit, but that is not in our net operating income to be absolutely clear.
David Simon: Yes, no worries. Thank you. Okay. I think that is the last of the questions. So we appreciate all the comments, questions and input and we'll talk you soon. Thank you.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Michael Bilerman. David, I don't know if it's just our line, but your line it sounds like you're at a bad McDonald's drive through.
Michael Bilerman: Thank you. You talked in your opening comments about the impact to total NOI from the increased bad debt, the foreign exchange. What you're doing at Northgate, which sounds very exciting from an NHL perspective. How much of that impacted the same store 1.6% in terms of -- I know wouldn't be the redevelopment, but I'm sure the store closures and the bad debt may have had an impact, and did that shift at all your view towards the 2% growth for the year.
Michael Bilerman: Right. Yes, I know what threw me off is when we talked about 100 basis points in the opening remarks. You talked about the impact of retailer liquidations and bankruptcies, resulting in higher bad debt, the effects and then the slightly lower NOI from properties going into redevelopment. And so, I took the 100 basis points as being total. And I was trying to get the impact just at the same store pool on that 1.6%.
Michael Bilerman: And you talked a little bit about percentage rents, and that having an impact as things go through the year with all the accounting changes that got implemented this quarter. From a disclosure perspective, you've now rolled everything into the lease income line. Right. So now that has the minimum rents, the percentage rents, has a tenant reimbursements, if often has the bad debt. Can you...
Michael Bilerman: Yes, that was just more, so trying to be consistent with what you've provided before, so that we can keep up with the trends that we've modeled the company for the last 20 years on. But happy to follow up off line and share some examples of with you as well.
Rick Sokolov: It’s Rick, Steve. Frankly, there are still a great many tenants that are happy to have the opportunity to get in to take advantage of the inventory that we have now, that we haven't had historically. And that leasing interest is frankly accelerating. And if you think about it, we've got new retail concepts. We still have a lot of retailers internationally, they're trying to come into this market and have significant space needs. We are growing the retailers, because they all have made the decision. They need to have a bricks and mortar presence. And we still have the brand extensions from our existing retailers. So there is a lot of activity from a lot of different sources, and I think that's reflecting itself in our occupancy and in our spread.
Rick Sokolov: The only what I think to add, David has been emphasizing the size of our enterprise when we have our -- that’s statistic that millions of square feet of openings. So that's not something that's not a number they can't influence by just one or two transactions. That's a whole lot of transactions and that's a very pronounced trend.
Rick Sokolov: David mentioned it earlier, we would hope that we'd have seen the vast majority of the fallout from the over-levered retailers that just liquidated. You can never say there isn't going to be somebody else out there that goes, but we're making very good progress in releasing the space. We are getting back and we still have very good demand then. The bottom line is our properties are getting better and better, there's $1.5 billion that we're talking about. We're adding great tenants, we're renovating properties, we're adding amenities. We are making this portfolio better and more attractive to retailers. So I think we benefit in the long run from what's going on because our properties are getting stronger and others may be getting weaker.
Rick Sokolov: The other thing that I would say and it's sort of related but different; there have been several announcements about companies spinning off various businesses. Historically what we have found is when these new businesses are formed their first call is to ask to figure out how they can grow that business because now they have a dedicated management team and dedicated source to capital and a much more focused growth strategy because there are standalone business and that there is something that going on right now that I think is going to augur well for us in the future as well.
Rick Sokolov: There is activity and we're taking advantage of it and it's more than isolated instances. I mean we're working with scores on these retailers online and they are all agreeing that having a bricks and mortar presence is an essential component of their overall offering. So that is a very good thing and we're taking advantage of it because they're going to the better properties which we have.
Rick Sokolov: Well, international tenants think about international, H&M is an international tenant, Zara is an international tenant, Uniqlo is an international tenant. These, all -- these tenants all have substantial space needs and are looking to have the United States become a major market as part of their global footprint. So they're a much more significant source of demand right now than the online retailers.
Rick Sokolov: It's hard to say in terms of comparing the two. They both have significant demand and that's been reflected in our occupancy.
