David Simon: Well the outlet business had a very good year. I mean the only -- I mean it was affected by certain bankruptcies, but we had significant comp NOI growth. It was higher than the mall business. And the only real shortfall occurred like I said in the overage rent and that was primarily at our bigger centers due to the strong dollar and tourism. So the outlet business we're projecting again for our comp NOI to be higher than the mall business. Again, Craig, don't get caught up in this narrative. We're seeing really good results in the outlet. We'd like a little weaker dollar more tourism. I believe that's temporary. It's good to see that -- obviously we've got a bigger picture going on with the coronavirus and tourism. I assume that will be temporary. However, it's great to see that China and the U.S. completed their trade discussions. And assuming we get through this coronavirus scenario. We expect our overage to continue to be dominant or at the growth in our outlet business. And we have no worries or concerns at all about our outlet business. Tulsa's leasing, Normandy is leasing, Bangkok is leasing, West Midlands and even with Brexit Mexit whatever you want it's leasing. Ashford's leasing. Vancouver is leasing. So I hope that gives you a flavor. So don't believe the narrative. You'll understand what we're doing.
David Simon: Well if I would say primarily because of the downtime. If you -- again, we're a big company so it's a little harder for everybody to understand all that's going on. But if you see the significant redevelopment that we have, we have downtime. And the reality of that is we think in 2021 that we could sit here and we don't have throw away years. You know our philosophy, but we do have significant downtime. That NOI that we've got that takes a decrease. And these are big malls like at Burlington and North Shore and all that stuff. A lot of that stuff is coming on in late 2020. We expect $70 million as I mentioned just from those redevelopments to come on into 2021. Obviously, we're projecting a stronger dollar, so we're muted on our overage rent calculations with our outlet business. And those are the primary. And then obviously we've got some retailer restructurings that are occurring. Some of that's related to the newer rent and that's likely to occur with the F21 stabilization some other restructuring. So you put it all in and that's 1%. I'm not overly worried about that number. I'd like it to be higher, but we've got some things to deal with and we're dealing with them.
David Simon: Well, first of all let me just talk about the retailer investments. We would not have done Aero and we're -- and we would not be attempting to do Forever 21 for the sole purpose of maintaining our rent. And that's the biggest misnomer out there when I read various publications and analyst notes and media notes. We do it -- we make these investments for the sole purpose of we think there's a return on investment. Now the fact of the matter is we did all this that Aero and the reality is they kept paying us rent. So that's like -- that's obviously beneficial and I don't want to understate that but that's not why we do it. At the same time with F21, we do think there is a business there, but it's got to be turned around. And I'm not going to project today to you what those numbers are, but we've got our work ahead of us. But if we are successful in turning around, we will make money at F21 and we'll get paid our rent. But again the sole purpose is to make investment in our -- for the benefit of our company. Now the rest of them we're creating a flywheel of unique entrepreneurs that understand the benefits of physical space, understand the benefits of the new consumer today. And whether it's Pinstripes or e-gaming or the deal that we did with RGG Rue and Gilt and what's going on with shop Premium Outlets and the deal we did with PARM and Nazarian at the SBE this is a flywheel that no other company in our industry can do. We expect to get the benefit of -- return on those investments. But additionally the ability to make us a better operator and also bring those kind of ideas to our portfolio. So we learn how to be a better operator, we make money on the investment and ultimately in some cases they bring their product to our -- to our physical portfolio. So I can't imagine a better scenario for us, but we're in early days on all of this stuff. But we expect to prosper from these kind of investments. Underlying though is we want them to add value to how we operate as well as to our portfolio and we're doing that. I mean, if you've seen as an example I mean go add chapter verse on this stuff but if you see what Life Time brings with their new concept to our portfolio, you'd say, I get it. Would I rather have that than a moderate underinvested department store and the answer is, come on. It's a no-brainer.
David Simon: I mean, it's really -- it's -- we benefit you could argue it either way, but we benefit from the -- I think we really benefit from being a large company. And it's obvious that we're able to make investments and pay our dividend without having to finance our dividend et cetera. So when I look at it we -- even when we look at just our nonretail real estate I mean to get to the NOI of over 5% is going to take a lot of work. But we do like the diversity of our geography, our product-type mills, outlets, malls, our mall business is under 50% of our NOI today. We love the international business. That's been highly profitable. And I think we've got a pretty interesting company because it's so diverse and so big and so well financed. Like I said at the end, I mean we can zig when others zag. Or is it zag with zig I always get confused…
David Simon: Oh, either way. So we can zig when others are zagging and we can zag when others are zigging. Maybe that's the answer. And then we have our whole additional portfolio of other investments that maybe one day we have a spin-off of that. Maybe one day we're not a REIT. Maybe one day, we're just this diversified, interesting company that people will finally think, hey it's not a bad company, not too shabby.
David Simon: Only a few of those. So not all of them. It depends on the size of a – we have a definition of that. We have a size of it. And so that's not all of them. It just depends on some of that. So it doesn't really – international marginally helped. It's not a big deal. I would suggest to you that the biggest thing affecting our comp, as I said to you earlier, is that we do have a lot of redevelopments that are affecting our cash flow. I don't – and that's when they come on, we'll be $70 million in 2021. There is downtime. I don't think people appreciate that because you're used to dealing with smaller companies, frankly. And you know if they are leasing it out to X, Y, Z, it moves the needle. We're a little bit different and what we – there is no denying, we've got some leasing to do. Our occupancy is down a little bit. By the way, if you believe the narrative, you think our occupancy year-over-year will be down 500 basis points. It's down 80. We've already leased 60% of it. So, I'm not – we look at ourselves a little bit different. We give you a year-by-year number. We don't have throwaway years. Our 1%, I think is going to be fine. And if we get a little uptick in overage rent, it will be better. If we don't, it won't and we'll – life will go on.
David Simon: We don't – again, given our size and given our historical results, we don't get into specific retailer rents or restructurings. That's for other folks. That's not for us.
David Simon: Maybe we should go private. It's really what we should do. The reality is, look, it's in our – we do have the opportunity to do that. We're obviously waiting to see kind of what transpires in the global world right now, but it's something that we'll obviously continue. We do think our company is undervalued. And I would expect this to continue to play into that. It's not in our numbers and we'll see how the next – know how the next period of time evolves.
David Simon: That's why I keep saying we're a little bit different than the rest of the folks, okay? Mexit -- by the way, I think it will uptick sales in Vancouver though. So, there'll be a benefit from Mexit.
David Simon: No problem. We had a technical difficulty. So, it wasn't as bad as the Iowa Caucus, but it was a little bit of a technical difficulty.
David Simon: Well, look we are -- we certainly -- it's not surprising to you. And again I -- you're very kind and you're very smart and that's why you want me to answer these F21 questions. But -- and I don't really want to answer them but I will answer this. Our fourth quarter was clearly impacted by the reductions that us and others provided to F21 to help stabilize their business, okay? And that was -- and that is -- that new scenario is one of the reasons why they dropped out of our top 10. So, it wasn't like we wanted it to drop out of our top 10, but that's just the math. Two is and I -- again, I have to impress upon everyone out there. We do a -- overage rent is an art, not a complete science and it is back-end weighted for the fourth quarter in the outlet business. We actually -- we're way behind an overage rent and all the way up and we made some of it back, but we didn't make what we had originally budgeted. So, when you put the two together that's why we were a little short domestically to get to our 2% original budget. I mean there's no hiding that, there's no denying that, but that is an art and a science. Now, that's why we've been extra conservative I'd say on the overage and the outlet business. But there's a lot going on. I mean right now tourism is way down in the United States. I don't control that. Usually, we're a beneficiary of that, but sometimes we run into a headwind. But that has nothing to do with the long-term viability of this great real estate and these great properties and that's what we have to as investors and as you as analysts and us as operators all have to kind of overlook these temporary things. So, we did -- so in summary, I hope I answered the question. In summary, our fourth -- our Q4 was impacted by what we did with F21. It was impacted the shortfall in the overage rent with the outlets. We're projecting a similar scenario next year so hopefully we'll be conservative on that but time will tell. And obviously that does the restructure of F21 because it was a big, big retailer does have -- it does flow through 2020 as well. I hope that answers -- on the bad debt, it's basically pretty flat from 2019 which was a pretty decent-sized year. So, that -- but again, there's no longer bad debt. It's just you don't get the income you thought you'd do, okay? And from an accounting point of view being an old GAAP accountant I still scratch my head on that. But the reality is it's no longer a bad debt, you just don't get all the income you thought you were going to get revenue.
David Simon: Well, look, I think we'll continue to grow our dividend. We have earnings growth next year -- or this year I should say, 2020. We grew 2.4% Q-over-Q. So, that's certainly a signal to you that we are not backing off our dividend growth. I mean, will it be as high as 8% or 10%, like it's been over the last five years or six years? It may -- probably not. But again, I don't think -- I look at it -- I guess, if you were in my shoes, when I hear the word bracing, I just want to explain to you, we're not bracing here, my friend. We're on the offense. We actually feel good about our company. We feel great about our dividend. We feel great about our balance sheet. We feel great about these other investments we're going to make. We're going to hopefully turnaround F21 and make money. So the last thing -- the last word you will never see in our -- hopefully, I shouldn't say never, but we don't -- we're not bracing here. Okay. Yes, we have some leasing to do, given the high amount of bankruptcies. We've already leased 60%. Yes, I'd like to see tourism come in. Strong dollar does limit spend. I mean, you will see that from other retailers, the retailers that have an important exposure to tourism. We have all that redevelopment in 2020 that's ongoing, that takes properties down. I mean, at a mall, at Northgate that did $18 million of NOI, it does zero, zero today. I mean, zero. And we accelerated it and we have development rights that could make that property worth $1 billion. Again, we don't have throwaway years, Alex, as you know. And so, yes, this year will be not as robust growth as maybe some of the years in the past. That doesn't mean we're bracing, no bracing here, not in our vocabulary.
David Simon: Yes, they are in our TRS. And there's a lot going on, technically, about this that the NAREIT's working on. And I'll just defer that, because it's a little arcane. But we've got plenty of room and given that it's in our TRS, we've got plenty of room that we're not going to -- there's no issue about maintaining REIT status about income or gross asset test and all this -- all of it, all of the various REIT tests that you have to meet. So, we've got plenty of room to run.
David Simon: Yes, look, I think, we -- I guess, Rich, what I'd say to you, we're grounded in real estate, but we have over time found that we can do other things reasonably well and that is our goal to do that. We've had success, we haven't been perfect. And if we do end up buying with Brookfield and Authentic Brands Group, Forever 21, I mean, obviously, that's going to be a lot of work. That is a big restructure ahead of us and that we'll want to make sure that that's done right, and there are no guarantees on that. So don't expect another retailer that will pop up until we get that stabilized. But at the same time, we're always looking at additional investments. I mean, we're very excited about the long-term prospects that we have with our -- basically, our merger with RGG. And we're just starting that whole process and that's a whole another avenue for this company in terms of e-commerce and tenant relationships and retailer loyalty, and all the other stuff that comes with that. And we're just -- that we literally just closed in November. And we merged our operations into those and they're just starting to improve our shop premium marketplace. So, I mean, there is a lot of growth ahead of that as well. And then you've got all of the mixed-use stuff that we're doing, whether it's Northgate, whether it's Phipps. You go down the list. I mean, there is a lot going on and that's why we feel good about where we're positioned.
David Simon: No, no, no. It's just – it's actually a little under 50% to be technical, it's approximately 50%. No, that's a separate standalone entity. It has nothing to do with our investment. And we – our – we only own around a little over 6% of ABG. Okay.
David Simon: No. I just think, we got busy and no real good reason. Obviously – unfortunately, we made the right choice not to buy it back, right. But I just think we were busy in the fourth quarter and everything else.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, it's possible. We don't we – like people just have seen, what we're doing and then the results of it manifests itself. But this is an active year of investment and redevelopment and the growth will have some impact to do that. We've also had a history of outperforming our guidance. And I mean, let's face it, we're being conservative. There is a lot of noise around the world from an economic. And obviously, it's an election year. We've got this terrible situation on the virus, and we don't know what that means. So, there is a lot – there is a lot going on. But I'll go back to – I think Alex had phrased. I mean, we're investing in the future and we feel really good about kind of all the stuff that we're doing and it will manifest itself in 2021 and beyond. But like Phipps – I mean, Phipps is a great example. I mean, the malls torn up and that stuff is going to come on late 2021. So that's not even in that number. So, but your point is valid. We've never wanted to do that because we've never wanted to have people think we're having a throwaway year, but this will be somewhat of a year of investment. And that happens with, I mean, it's happened with them, nothing compares to Amazon, but it's happened with the big companies that say, yeah, they are investment, I mean. So that's what we're doing. We'll see where it shakes out. Not unusual.
David Simon: Yeah. We had a very -- we had a -- like I said, we underperformed in our overage all year with the outlet business and they had a really good fourth quarter. It just didn't -- if you understand how overage works, you've got to get over the break point and you've got to do it. So we caught up on that. We actually were underperforming all the way through the fourth quarter. They had a very good fourth quarter. We didn't see any real retailer changes too much, and I think sales were pretty good and we leased up space. We didn't think we would get to 95. We got a little over 95 once. So, I think we had a pretty good fourth quarter, all things considered. I mean, again, I don't do your models, but I look at -- I know my business pretty well. And the reality is that I think we had a pretty good fourth quarter.
David Simon: Well, every retailer has its own particular sort of issues. I think Forever 21, really the biggest issue that it had historically was that it took its eye off the ball, primarily because of the international growth. And then it created another brand that took its eye off the ball and then, obviously, the store size got too big. So, we are really good at sourcing and that's where Authentic Brands Group is fantastic at sourcing product. We think in Forever 21's case, it was fast-fashion and the time that we got for delivery of goods would shock you in terms of how long it took. So, we kind of took the fast-fashion out of fashion. And obviously, Forever 21 -- or I'm sorry, ABG's graded branding. I mean if you look at -- we're an investor in Sports Illustrated. They bought the Sports Illustrated IP. If you have seen kind of how they've already created all the buzz around Sports Illustrated, it's a great example of what they do. You look at how they branded Shaquille O'Neal as an example. That's what they do. So, they bring all that marketing and the brand awareness expertise to bear. We did the same thing with Aero. So each year -- you have to diagnose the problem. There is a lot to restructure at F21. On the other hand, it is a brand that does close to $2 billion of volume, even with the -- all that's going on. So, I mean that was what we looked at Aero. When Aero -- when we took it over $900 million, we are talking about $50 million business. So that gives us -- it gives us a comfort and it's sourcing, marketing, it's better efficient, more organizations, better technology. And it's just common sense being better operator and between the -- our and it's also being an owner that can withstand just -- withstand stock, right. So, you don't panic. And you just -- you keep your head down and you keep plowing. We did that with Aero. We told Aero we don't care about comp NOI, comp sales. What we care about is building the business for the future, focus on EBITDA margins, focus on gross margins, focus on increasing the quality of the product and we don't care about comp sales. Now, it's a little bit like our business. There is a too much of a focus on quarter-to-quarter comp NOI growth. We get it. We focus on it because we love cash flow. But at the same time, we've got to make investments for the future that will accelerate that comp. There is no difference. The only difference is that we don't panic and others do. And that's why we're here calm about it.
David Simon: I would say that -- it's a good question. And I would say, it's a little more complicated in a little bigger business. And it depends on whether one or two of my guys are going to spend all this time in Los Angeles. So, I'm negotiating it right now, Linda. Stay tuned.
David Simon: Well historically, we've been very focused on that. We're very – we are very -- look, that's not to say, we don't take flyers here and there. But we're probably -- if you asked around, we're probably as thoughtful on that as anybody in our industry. And it's very important to us, especially if we make any kind of tenant improvements. We're very focused on payback and credit worthiness. We don't bet a thousand there, but we are -- it's extremely important to us.
David Simon: Well, again, a good question. I would say to you, just wonder because of our diversity in product type, geography, etcetera every incremental investment can and will stand on its own. So, we don't feel compelled to save an asset because we're worried about the -- hitting our numbers or anything else. So, we're making all of these investments with an eye toward incremental return. And we do expect, as we said, historically, yeah, we're going to be busy because we're going to get the ability to get a lot of great real estate back hopefully at reasonable prices that we can add accretive returns to. So, I don't view it as a zero-sum game. And I also don't think that it's -- that we don't have the -- firepower to make this additional investments outside of our, what I'd say, our core businesses. So -- but the important thing is, I don't feel compelled to say, oh, this small, if I don't do this, I got to do a low return deal. Just to say that, I mean the reality is, if it ain't worth, then we don't invest and it's not going to -- it's not going to -- it's not going to really cause too much of a debt from it. So -- and we are looking at other investments that are outside of kind of the traditional bricks and mortar and I think we'll continue to do that. But we'll also continue to make investments in brick and mortar because there's -- nothing has changed about it. It's a good business. It's just -- yeah, it's -- we are running through a cycle here that's not as robust as what it's been in the past. But you've got to remember, we've been doing this for a long time and we've weathered the different storms.
David Simon: Sure. G&A is similar to what fourth quarter is. So right guidance, yeah. And I -- we don't have anything real extraordinary in other income in 2021 that's quite unusual. As you know, we had the big settlement from the insurance company of Opry in 2019 in the first quarter. So that will – our first quarter compare to first quarter of Q1, 2020, will look different than Q1 of 2019 because that's when we got the settlement from Opry Mills. It only took us seven years, eight years. Okay. That's another story.
David Simon: No, it's just process and there is absolutely nothing to read into that. It's all process, no issue.
David Simon: We -- look, I think the only history we really have on that is Aero. And I think if you ask the other landlord, they said, we were great partners. So no issue there. Interesting question. But we really -- I mean, every store at Aero basically stood on its own. We were not really involved in it. That was all delegated to the team, the operating team at Aero. So, we did not get involved in that. I think at F21, to the extent that we get it, we'll adopt a similar thing. And we, in fact, at Aero -- at Forever 21 because of the need to move probably a little quicker than at Aero and the case is moving a little bit quicker. We'll probably hire a third-party just to go do it.
David Simon: No. And you can't get out of it. That math you really can't do. And I think that it's not -- Vince, I would say to you, it's not necessarily CapEx. It's incremental opportunity. So -- and I've said this before. But just to put it in perspective, if we don't own the department store and that department store owns 10 acres, then we just now have 10 new acres that we -- that we can develop. It's not like, when we take CapEx, people think new roof, new tile, new this, new that. It's incremental opportunity because we don't necessarily control that space. And even if we were on a long-term lease, to the extent that we've got that lease, we now control their space. So it's new incremental space that we did, in other words, so -- 
David Simon: Well, look, I think what you should do, we can give you order of magnitude. I mean, I can do a check in personnel, but I might bore you. You can call up -- you can call up Tom. And yes, what would be in order of magnitude? Like, take an example of Phipps. Phipps is $300 plus million. Okay. Midland Park, Texas was $5 million. So it's all over the place. But if you want -- the best thing for you to do, Vince, to get a handle on it is that, Northgate, we could spend $600 million, $700 million at Northgate. So certain boxes are $10 million. Just take a box over, re-lease it, that kind of thing. So really, really is real estate specific. But maybe you go through our 8-K and Tom could give you order of magnitude. But Phipps is a great example. It's a former department store that was on lease, where we let them terminate the lease for payment and then we're spending literally $300 million in -- little over $300 million to build a hotel, office and Life Time and additional retail, all in that same spot. And so that can skew numbers pretty significantly.
David Simon: It usually kind of balances out. So, there's not a lot of volatility. Other than the outlet business, a number of our bigger retailers, they are basically on percentage rent with a very low base. So that's the one that tends to have a little more volatility. In the mall business, we tend to mark the real estate. If they're in overage, we tend to get that as it renews and then others come in. So it's relatively traffic consistent. So, you have overage and then they go -- their leases expire. You go to basically overage, plus the base rent to get to the total rent and then whole another slew of retailers will go into overage. The outlets tend to be a little longer leases, a little lower base. And therefore, they don't have as much turn. So therefore, the overage rent tends to be a little more volatile in terms of what the math ends up in.
David Simon: I would say it depends on the scenario. I think, F21, to stabilize it, we might have to do that for a period of time. At Aero, we -- they did a lot of the work on the landlords free during the bankruptcy process. Aero was a little quicker. So, we don't have a lot of time to do it. They did initial things. So it depends on -- it really depends on the scenario. And it's certainly a tool that's available to us. And there's ways to handle it, I think, the landlord community will support us to the extent that we're successful in the auction.
David Simon: Yeah. I mean, look, I think the TIs went up by $20 million. So, yes, to me that's not going to really change. We're doing more restaurants, a little more entertainment, so you see. The other thing that really spikes that number was we did a number of, kind of, best of brands luxury retailers and I don't want to name names. But they tend to have great build out. It's great for the properties, but you -- kind of the uber luxury folks, their investment in their stores tends to be a little bit higher. So, I think you get -- we did some great work last year on that. So, we're seeing a little bit of a spike, but the TIs not really much of an issue and the development, again I don't know what else to tell you other than that we are going to have these opportunities from department stores. We think they are, net-net, it's going to be beneficial to our company and to the existing real estate. And the role that we play in the community is unbelievable. So, give you an example, between sales tax and real estate taxes at a place like Roosevelt Field, we pay $135 million and the warehouse down the street pays basically nothing. We did a study that said warehouse and distributions pay less than one-tenth of what we pay in real estate taxes. So, that's what's interesting. We're making these places better for the community, better for the taxpayers. We have a -- we're doing -- believe it or not, we're doing specific duties that others aren't in terms of what -- as you know, we do believe strongly and we refute others that suggest otherwise. But we do think we provide a greener atmosphere for commerce and there's just so much we're doing that that it's maybe not necessarily appreciated. But we know what we're doing for these communities. We know what we're doing for the taxes for sales and real estate taxes. And we're also making our real estate better and that's fine. We'll take that responsibility on.
David Simon: What would you -- you know we don't comment. But -- we don't comment on those market rumors. I haven't seen it. We've been busy on this call. So, I'm not sure what you're referring to but we'll check it out.
David Simon: Well, I would say you, generally, yes. I mean, we've intended -- we would tend to -- I mean, I think they're worldwide. I mean retail real estate is way out of favor worldwide, not just in the U.S. And as you know, we've built our company to do this. We don't have to do that. We've got lots of -- if anything on this call, I know it's dragged on here; it's like a college football game. But we -- I feel really good about where we're at. So, we don't have to -- on the other hand, as I said earlier, we zig when others zag or we zag when others zig. And sometimes, we usually land on our feet, not always. But we -- our industry is way out of favor worldwide, that's interesting to note. But we know what these properties generally mean to the community, and to the consumer, and to the retailer. Bricks-and-mortar are important. This real estate is greatly located. So -- and then we have kind of all the other stuff that we're doing in conjunction with our core business and it's a unique time for us to think what we want to do in the future.
David Simon: I think Rich stopped, too. Okay. I think that's it. Thank you for your time and interest. And we'll talk to you soon.
