David Simon: Well, look, I think we’re - as I said to you, we’re expecting to grow our cash flow. Are we back to normal? Not yet, but we're working our way back. Generally, it's still a very serious, intense negotiation on renewals. Retailers are generally cautious. But the ones that want to grow their business are excited, and we hope to be able to certainly increase our occupancy for 2021. And it's going to take some time to obviously get back to where we were in 2019. But the healthy retailers that believe in their business and believe in their plan are making deals, and that we have such a high-quality portfolio between what we have and what we've acquired with respect to TRG that we're going to be - we're going to get our fair share of open-to-buys.
David Simon: Well, certainly, the abatements better not repeat, okay? So that's step one. I would say to you generally, again, it's - our portfolio NOI growth will be 4% to 5%. We have taken a further reserve, but I'm not going to give you a number as to what we think should be a cushion to whether whatever it is further bankruptcies, additional abatements to the extent that we cut an appropriate deal, we still have some large retailers frustratingly we have not solved. Not because of us, we've tried, but we haven't gotten into the finish line. So I'd say generally around 5% in the comp NOI number. We have a reserve. Sales are really all over the place, so it's really hard to give you a good number there. And we would expect occupancy to edge up. And I gave you - people wanted to hear about how much was retail or I gave you that and we have TRG factored in there. Obviously, we made our financing assumptions. Those were pretty straightforward. We have our share count increased because of the offering. And then we roll it into the blender and that's kind of what's spit out. We have some variability. You're right, the range is tight, but we did - I mean, we did add a reserve to it based upon gut feel that we're, like you said, not - we're turning the corner, it's kind of my phrase, but are we completely out of the woods? Not yet, but well on our way.
David Simon: Well, I mean, that's a tough one, Rich. I mean I could go in a lot of different directions. Listen, when you end up in bankruptcy or near bankruptcy, you've obviously made a lot of mistakes. It just doesn't happen overnight. And by and large, the ones that we bought, retailers that we have bought in bankruptcy. So then we go in there and just run it like we run Simon Property Group, obviously, with the help of our partners.  And we make fast, commonsensical cash flow-oriented decisions and return on investments, et cetera. And we have a sense of, just because of our experience in the retail real estate world, what makes it successful, what success real estate they should be in, what's the right rent to pay in spaces and we bring all those - all that to bear. And then obviously, when you're in bankruptcy, you have the chance to deal with leases or other contracts, other contracts that are wildly expensive that you might be able to change. I mean, the most amazing thing, I shouldn't really say this, but there - the most amazing thing is that every retailer that we purchased in bankruptcy, the one - all the tech companies get $0.100 on the $1, okay, that they pay for whether it's services, whether it's for the e-commerce business, whatever it is. And the landlords ended up us included end up getting it in the shorts that's an interesting thing. That would be great to like rethink that whole process. But there - those tech companies are so powerful that they can check you off if you don't play ball with them. So landlords, us included, don't have that kind of power. So I mean, I don't know if I've answered your question. It probably is. You probably have a lot of nuances to it but it's probably I could go on for hours. If you don't mind, let's go on to your next question or another question.
David Simon: Well, the bottom line is, when it came to abatements we took it in the period that we actually made the deal. And if we had done everything in the second quarter, we would have done it then in the Q3 with. It just took an unbelievable amount of time to get - I mean there was a lot of horse trading, a lot of big accounts got settled as you know in Q4. And it really, I mean, we - it really was when the deal was done. So that's the - yes, we certainly want to go into 2021 and we did as much as we could to finish 2020, but those abatements were done in the period at which we cut the deal and signed up the retailer.
David Simon: Well, I would say, you take a state like Florida as a pretty good example. And I mean, you are getting - the one element that's missing is international tourism. But if you put that aside, you're getting some real domestic traffic increases and you're getting - and sales aren't quite what they were last year. But at this time, what you're seeing - I would say to you that like a state like Florida is really showing green shoots, vibrant economy. The only element that's missing to make that really hot would be international tourism. But everything else is kind of clicking along and it’s pretty good. Texas is probably the next closest, but again, it depends. I mean, they're - that also somewhat dependent upon whether it's near the border or not. And what is such a big state that do you have COVID in this one area versus that area. But I'd say Texas is showing green shoots as well. But Florida is a great example of I would say to you that you can - you can’t get on with goodness and you start to see green shoots and the - there's a lot of energy there. And no, I did not get on Super Bowl, okay.
David Simon: Yes, sure. I'd say simplistically, as we look at restarting the pipe, the pipe didn't go away. We just put it in the freezer. Now we're thawing it out. And I would say to you the biggest change Derek is that we believe in the mixed use component pretty, pretty significantly to the extent that we were adding what I'd call retail. We're probably looking at those plans again to make sure that we're adding the appropriate amount, that's kind of the biggest change. But I would tell you this, I do feel very strongly about this that the high quality suburbs are going to be where the action is in the future. And all of the urbanization two, three, four years ago, the question was why are the suburbs going to exist. Everybody is going to live in urban environment, yadda yadda, yadda, yadda. I'm telling you the suburbs are going to be hot, and our quality real estate is going to be where the action is for those well located suburban centers of commerce. And that's going to be the big change coming out of the pandemic. Next question.
David Simon: Well, listen, I would say that we - whatever we do we look at return on investment and cash flow potential - shareholder value potential and cash flow growth, and obviously top line growth. And each business is evaluated based upon what those particular characteristics are important to that investment. But there’s no reason. You know we’re in a REIT format. There's no reason why we can't make money in other areas that are consistent with what we've been doing. I think we've proven that time and again. Have we made mistakes? Yes, we have. But we've been pretty good investors, and we hope to do that in the future. We're pretty good sponsors, and we have - our relationships between the brands and our partners and - spans the globe, essentially. From a real estate footprint, we're in Europe and Asia, and obviously domestic. The only place I'd say we're really not in is South America. But our retail brands span a lot of places, and we're focused on value. And at the end of the day, Michael, I look at our retail footprint. It does $3.5 billion of commerce, and I look at the value we get for it, and it's probably nothing, and in some cases people view it as a negative, which I can't understand, but they do. That's their prerogative. Maybe there's something maybe we should unlock that value, we’re absolutely going to look at every opportunity to unlock value to the extent we can but we - and figure out the right structure. But the most important thing is to make a good investment. The second thing that is where it should reside, how do you get the value, how do you grow it? And all of those are in the works. Spark is a great example. We believe in the model. We can - we believe that we can run brands across it common infrastructure. We know that e-commerce brands, they spend a lot of money on infrastructure. We know that if you combine those into one entity, you're bound to save a ton of money. We've seen it in the overhead in retail companies, so you know we're at the early days of figuring out what the right structure is. But in the meantime, we're going to make investments that make us money. And believe me, there is value there that will unlock or we'll get the credit for.
David Simon: Well, I mean, Craig, that’s a retail - yes I mean, I'm sorry, real estate-specific. But I think what I said earlier is the most important thing. I think some of these we’re re-looking at, with the idea toward reducing the amount of new retail that we might put on board. But also the restaurants and we're making up for that with what I'd call the opportunity for suburbs to get exciting again, and I think that's going to be through a lot of the mixed-use efforts that were already under way. But I think will be accelerated. So, some of the anchors are doing - new deals. I mean, we're talking to Kohl’s. We're talking to [Buy More]. We’re talking to all sorts of those kind of guys, to Dick’s. We still are making new - we've got a couple of Dick’s under way. So and I would hope that some of the more thoughtful entertainment-oriented retailers once the COVID restrictions get back, would also continue to be in our property. So it’s still at work, but I'm hopeful we'll have a lot more of the mixed SKU stuff that we're doing and we're in some hot what I'll call very strong markets for that. Like with TRG in Nashville, we're in Austin. We're very strong in South Florida, obviously Texas. So we're in some of these markets that rent growth and are looking to facilitate growth and we're going to go and make the next evolution of our real estate that's much more interesting with time.
David Simon: I’d say fantastic. We are on the leasing side talking significantly, both on COVID-related issues, renewal-related issues, new business, as you know, Craig we’ve got new business group dedicated kind of up and coming retailers which by the way, it’s exciting. All of those retailers and this is where I do miss Rick. He could start and your kind to mention him. But I will never do his list. I could never do adjust this. But most of those retailers are looking to grow. And they include from the Warby Parker to Shake Shack on and on. So that's very encouraging. We're talking to the TRG, about that relationship between Bobby and myself is great. In fact well Bobby, he figures out how to get to me very easily. He makes me look a lot with - which is fantastic. I look forward to having some tomorrow night. And I think it's going to be a great partnership. I mean they're dealing with what we've dealt with. In terms of COVID it’s been a tough year for them, but I think we're all looking forward to the future. And we'll go from there. And as you know, they've got - the families got a lot of capital tied up from the TRG and believe me they want to grow that. And to me that's a win-win.
David Simon: Yes, that well, the fact of the matter is, I think that statistic you have to be very careful with. And I personally chose that I think we need to look at it again because as you know many of those properties are non-recourse and it overstates leverage. And I think part of our job is to educate the investment community how we look at the business. And Brian and myself, we'll begin that effort this year. But you know look EBITDA - debt to EBITDA, if you look at our - it's not in our financial covenants anywhere. So it's a gratuitous metric that is not as thoughtful as refined as it should be. And we're in the process of refining it to clearly articulate what it is. But you've got to separate what's recourse, non-recourse. What’s in JV, what’s not in JV in a more thoughtful manner, which we’ll embark upon in 2021 so you’ll have a better understanding of it.
David Simon: We have no need for raising additional equity. The balance sheet is in very good shape. Rating agencies are very comfortable with the transaction that we did both to finance, Taubman and the equity deal. Obviously, they put us on watch just because of COVID. It had nothing to do with Taubman or the financial metrics. And I think as we get - as we go beyond the shutdown - remember, we lost 20%. We lost 20% of our ability to operate in the year which is material. And then obviously a lot - not counting the, restrictions that we had to endure coming out of it. I think once we show that we're - we've turned the corner in terms of that, you'll see that negative watch go away. No issue not worried about it one [iota]. And on the property acquisition side, A) if I can buy it at a good value and it's a great asset and a guy wants to sell and if that’s meaningful to our portfolio, we'll take a serious look. But we’re in no - there's no need to do one thing or another, if it's accretive to our portfolio and our financial wherewithal, we’re happy to look at it.
David Simon: Yes, sure. I would say, simplistically, certainly prior to COVID, there were more or less the same. There is certainly more of an interest to go a little bit shorter term. So three years and by the way, we're okay with that because I'd rather negotiate two or three years from now than right now. So the lease in 2020, the new stuff that we did in 2020 and some of those renewals, some of the renewals we're doing 20 21 are shorter two, three years. But I think actually that could be in our best interest too because obviously, we've had being shut down and restricted and all this other stuff. We don't have quite the ability to point to sales as a way to increase rent. So I think we’re - and I think it's actually a two-way street. It's working out fine with the vast majority of our retailers.
David Simon: I'd say pretty similar are the couple like the Florida Mall Fashion Valley, pretty straightforward doing it. In some cases, it's got 10-year deals and maybe a little shorter. We did what 15 secure refinancing even in this period of time. So I don't find it overly complicated or overly concerning or any risk that there's not the ability, any risk that there's not the ability to refinance stuff. On nonrecourse, there's certain debt that's nonrecourse that may be in professional servicing. That's kind of a contractual right for the borrower which is a standalone entity that’s nonrecourse to SPG. It’s also the right from the special servicer right. So we’ve done - we’ve dealt with those for a number of years. In some cases, they’ll be restructured, mutually agreed to; and if not, and the special servicer would like to own the real estate, we're more than happy to cooperate and do it in a professional manner. We did one just recently, and it's absolutely in the best interest of Simon Property Group shareholders those decisions that we're making on that front. So very straightforward, very professional, honoring the contracts, rights on both sides. Make - hope to make deals in some; if not, then they'll no longer be part of our portfolio, and we wish that new owner the best of luck.
David Simon: I would simply say there's - the cap rate is what we want it to be because I think we're the only buyer out there. So, and I'll look in the mirror and I'll decide what the right cap rates are. I think Brookfield is busy buying out, [indiscernible] busy buying up EPY. And I think we're the only buyer as far as I know. Everybody as herd mentality one way or another, we are buyers of high quality real estate. And the funny thing is, when we decide to buy something that doesn't count as to what cap rate it should be, now we're the only buyer. So, go figure that out. I don't know if that's a known unknown or a, you know, whatever. But the fact of the matter is we're really the only - I mean we're really the only buyer. And yet, everybody wants to point to a cap rate that we're not the buyer. But I don't - I never understood why we're not good enough to be the arbiter of what cap rates should be. But I'll let you figure that out for us. I can't figure that out.
David Simon: …and any of that. But I want you, Floris, I want you to get back to me and explain why we can't be the arbiter of cap rates. Why it has to be a state pension fund, why it can't be Simon Property Group? I don't get it, okay. Anyway, I'm kidding, but not really. But I'm kidding, mostly.
David Simon: Tom Ward is shaking his head. Yes, and for those of you who know Tom Ward, you can count on it. They would have been positive, yes.
David Simon: Yes, over 50%, but we can get you more. I've seen it, but I'm sorry to tell you I just don't remember.
David Simon: Vince, you’re trying to paint a negative picture my friend. That's just no metric. That's just Simon's portfolio, it doesn't include the Taubman.
David Simon: Yes. Listen, I can't sit here and make a prediction other than what I said earlier. So I think suburbia is going to be - really make a major comeback. It was all about street retail. It was all about urbanization. I think you're going to see a movement towards suburbs, and that'll be - that’ll spell good opportunity for us. And I'm not overly concerned about people are going to have their disposable income and go here and there. I think we'll get our fair share of the growth that's expected when we get past COVID and resume our normal lives. Not overly worried about it.
David Simon: Well, look, I think, I mean, again I think we are - if I could put a lot of these recent questions in perspective, I mean, in evaluating what we think we're going to earn next year is there's science but there's an element of art because we are dealing with a very uncertain macroenvironment predominantly because of COVID and the impacts that it has on the psyche and how much stimulus we're going to have. There's a lot of uncertainties there, so we try to do the best we can to kind of give you a portrait of what we're going to earn. And there's a lot that goes into it. I think it's hopefully we'll be in that range and we’ll execute like we have historically and we'll be in that range. But it's really hard to pinpoint a specific statistic one way or another because there's just so many variables out there and we try to put it all together in this range to give you a sense of what we think the earnings will be next year or this year, I should say.
David Simon: Yes, I really don't, you know. I'm going to stay out of politics. And we'll - I mean I think we all were frustrated with the - what was trust upon us last year because of the - the way that we got treated versus other boxes and other warehouses. The mall seemed to get the brunt of a lot of the restrictions. We would seem more symbolic than inside. Now the reality is, all I want is a level playing field. Just level it for everybody and we'll figure out how to operate in that environment. And I would just say, if it's level and make sense, then great. Then - I could look at that from two, three, four different vantage points and as long as it's a level playing field. Then that's all of it that I'm focused on - and beyond that.
David Simon: Well, there's no real - I mean it's - there's no real change. I mean, we discuss with a lot of retailers what happens if they buy online return to store. What happens if it shifts from store? What happens if they pick up and reserve it in store? And those are all - we have a pretty consistent approach to it. Even with the pandemic and all the - all of the pressures that we've had to deal with and where it still more or less sticking to what we think is the right approach on that front. So I mean, I’ll never - we're not looking to get our fair share of their e-commerce sales. So I think you mischaracterized it. I think we're just looking to not get hurt when they do sales. But somehow the store is involved in that sale and that’s all that we’re looking for. We’re not - as they do all their business online God bless them, but if the store interaction is important to them we don’t want our sales to be reduced. Because the store is providing a service and they’re in lies in a discussion and it really said that’s ongoing and it’s - and I think we’re making a lot of progress on that front.
David Simon: We've been balancing things for years and years and years that’s what we do. Look I would say for most retailers having the store is extremely important because if they're in a market out of sight, out of mind they're certainly retailers that are going to experiment with shrinking their store print - store footprint dramatically and assuming that they're going to pick up online. Maybe they - maybe it works I think it won't, but we'll see. Some will take their chance and they certainly have that right to do whatever they want as leases expire. But I don't think they'll make it up on the Internet. And the most and the best successful retailers are ones that really figure out how to do both really well and that's the ones that we want to do business with. And our brands we want to be in that category and in some cases we're not quite there. I mean I would tell you that Penney’s e-commerce business is not where it needs to be. On the same thing their store business isn't either. But we're going to mutually go after both elements. I would tell you that the Aero store business is terrific and they're picking up their e-commerce business. I would tell you that Forever 21 doesn't quite have a fully developed e-commerce business. And we want that to happen because we think that makes the store business better.
David Simon: Not that complicated. There'll be some folks that are in our industry that will say I've got 300 stores. I've got 400 stores, I can do it a 100 and all the growth will come online. My personal view is I don't think they'll succeed. It's really hard to shrink to grow. That really - that's a really hard thing to do. Now, maybe you have to shrink to survive. But shrink to grow would be a better company that's a tough one. It's few and far between but maybe some can make it work. And if they do God bless. And if they do then they’ll probably want stores to grow again so that we’ll be back at it and we’ll see.
David Simon: But I mean I don’t know if I’ve answered your question. But there’s really - in our frustration is we just want the recognition that - we certainly don’t want to get penalized if the store is a critical component for that transaction to have taken place.
David Simon: Sure. Okay, we’ve lost - me and the whole team and our time. So thank you. Happy New Year even though you're not supposed to do it in February and we'll talk soon. Thank you.
Brian McDade: No, that’s exactly right. You'll see the retailer results that David mentioned come through the NOI from retailers at this line item, Rick.
Brian McDade: Alex, this is Brian. Look, I think the last debt deal we just did in here at the beginning of January is representative of where we've seen our spreads go. I mean, spreads were in 100 basis points since the summertime. And so I think that the market is representing and supporting time and kind of going forward. With respect to the agencies, we are certainly in deep dialogue with them on regular basis and are comfortable with what they've done thus far, and I think they're looking at our deals and our ability to raise capital, to David's point, in excess of $13 billion last year, as a testament to the company's balance sheet. So I think they're comfortable. Won’t speak for them, but I believe they're comfortable where they're at right now.
Brian McDade: 380 basis points, so we loss 380 basis points on occupancy sales in our vaccine rollout and everything else. I mean, we did our roll up our best guess, our comp NOI is going to be positive. And we've got a reserve but at the end of the day, we're going to make the $1 billion up over time. We're also going to - some of the properties we're going to sell, go away, so that's in there, too. I can't give you - Steve Sakwa kind of poured out and we already gave you - he gave me more - he's got a nicer voice than you do. So I gave him more information than I probably normally would. I'm not kidding. But I mean, that's kind of where we are. We also - we're also dealing with the international shutdown. I mean, they're picking on malls like what happened in the U.S., again without science. But they're also shutting down outlets. But yet they high street open, so go figure it out.
Brian McDade: Hi Caitlin, this is Brian. It is not included. The only debt that will be included relative to Taubman will be $2 billion term loan that we drew down ahead of the closure.
Brian McDade: Well, again, our net investment in retail is $330 million. So I think when we have properties that were worth a $1 billion plus, it is what it is. I think it's important to note that we are 400 basis points below our mean FFO multiple as a history of being a public company. And if you look at our retail or what we've seen from retailers and the correlation, they've all had a much greater bounce back in terms of performance on the in terms of performance on the - on their stock year-to-date for the last few quarters than we have. So, we're optimistic that the future will begin to - that are our value will begin to be appreciated again which has been in the past. And frankly, there's no reason why it won't in the future. With respect to this - and the reason I bring up the past is as follows. If you'll look, we work the best case analogy that we're looking at. Again, no one has really dealt with COVID before. And as you know what happened in 2008, 2009 where we had - don't hold exactly to those - these numbers. But in 2008 we were earning around $6 a share. Our 2008, 2009 bankruptcies delusion that we had on issuing stock, high interest rates, I think we earned in the $3.50, $4 range. And then we ended up rolling out of that earning $12 dollars. Okay. Now we're at $9 - we are $9.11. We're saying we're going to earn $9.50 to $9.75. And I'm hopeful that will replicate what we did in 2008, 2009. And not only that we do in 2008 and 2009, but we added immensely to the quality of the real estate. We separated ourselves from our peer group dramatically. The balance sheet got better. All of these same - we diversified, we did this, that, and the other, we grew international - I truly believe all of these things will happen again. That’s what we’re made for, and this is a long way of saying that the dividend tracked basically what we did in earnings. We actually paid scrip dividend in 2009, if you believe it or not. We cut it and scripted it and did all this crazy stuff. And that was - all of that in 2008-2009. I feel like if history repeats itself, given the quality of the real estate, the team, the balance sheet, the diversity, we are going to replicate the same good work we did coming out of that, and we'll do it coming out of COVID. We're already beginning to do it, and that's the important thing. So I think that's a long way of saying, assuming we can completely get out of COVID, you're going to see increases in earnings which beget increases in dividends. And we have the history that ultimately should repeat itself.
Brian McDade: Maybe a quick one from me, on the duration here. Obviously, our unsecured portfolio benefits from the ability to issue 30-year debt. So that's going to naturally drive the duration higher on a weighted basis.
Brian McDade: Correct. We are - given the - I don't know how they show comp anymore given that we were shut down with restrictions. So I made the decision that we're just going to show you portfolio NOI, all-in, because you could argue that none of it is comp because, I mean, how do you - or all of it is comp. I don't really know what to do. So the simple thing is we're just going to show you our portfolio NOI without the comp distinction. So it’s all the real estate, all of the NOI, and hopefully that'll be helpful to you.
Brian McDade: I mean - why don’t you talk to Tom, I'll give you the more detail but instinctually, I would just say you - it had to go down because of bankruptcies, I mean– but he can fill that in.
Brian McDade: So our investment in Penney, Aero, [indiscernible] Brooks Brothers, Forever 21, put it all and $3.5 billion.
Brian McDade: Well, I mean, I'm kind of torn because it's been pretty quick with COVID, right. Our stores aren’t open but we're shut down for a long time. But it's growing reasonably well.
Brian McDade: But we have - I think the important thing here is we have embedded in our company an e-commerce company, okay? Now, again I know it's - we've got a complicated structure. We don't own 100% of everything, but we are in at a pretty reasonable scale. We have an e-commerce company that does $3.5 million of digital sales. That’s the most important point. Now it’s up to us and the management team to how to put it all together so the market recognizes the value.
Brian McDade: Yes. I accept that. It's a fair question. It's just our existing portfolio does not have anything to do with TRG.
Brian McDade: It's always been, yes. I mean, it’s always been - as you know, our comp NOI is - has been 95% - been frankly 90% - 90%, 95% of the portfolio. So we sat here and I looked at and I go why do we put comp NOI? What do we take out? What do we don’t take out? It's just - it's more - there's just no need for it, especially given what we endured in 2020. We'll just give you the number, portfolio whether it has a redevelopment that's taking the NOI down or we added something to take it - the NOI up, it’s almost irrelevant, it's all on the margin. And again, I know that - I'm glad you clarified that, that does not include TRG and we'll figure out exactly how to portray it for 2021.
Brian McDade: Yes. I think that's a fair statement. So we'll - we will figure out if we lost it, we'll make sure that we highlight what the number is.
Brian McDade: So there's - malls was - obviously we recorded number of minus 6.8%. I talked about the fact that mix, you think about some of those acres that were in the mix previously, now were driving the mall spread negative, but the preliminary point is positive.
Brian McDade: Well, the answer is it hasn't changed much because the development - I mean, not much has changed. I mean, it's been in lockdown as you know, in dealing with COVID. So we hope to look at where we can accretively add, and the answer is no. 8%, there is - no guide it’s got to be over 8% or 9%. It’s got to be what's the value of the property, what it's going to do to the property. I mean, if the property is an 8% cap rate property. And you get an 8% return, you're essentially treading water unless you think you're going to suddenly make it a 6% property which is possible in certain redevelopments. On the other hand, if you spend an 8% on a 5%, then you’ve made a lot of money. So it - everything boils down to the specific real estate that we're trying to create over a long-term basis. Now remember, we give you these numbers kind of more or less out of the box. But if you get 8% with growth, I mean, that's a pretty good return, unlevered return going forward. So again, it depends on the real estate.
