David Simon: I don’t really know other than to say that there is no reason to issue warrants when we have a better deal economically more certain better sponsorship, a better diverse group of investors. So I don’t know why they would issue any warrants given the current state of play. It doesn’t compute from my perspective. 
David Simon: I can’t speak for Fair Home or Pershing Square. I can only tell you we have had positive support from the creditors committee. They view our deal as more certain and we think they will continue to support us. 
David Simon: I will let Steve answer the first two. Let me just say on Prime, as we said at the beginning of the year Prime is in our guidance and when we issued our guidance earlier in the year we anticipated an earlier close to Prime. So we are not going to pinpoint exactly for you at this moment when we expect it to close. We do expect it to close but the fact of the matter is we haven’t changed our guidance. In fact we have increased the bottom end even though what we gave you initially we have been delayed from what we thought we would close Prime. 
David Simon: The disparity has narrowed and we had positive comparable property growth in the mall business. If you just look at the mall assets for the first quarter. 
David Simon: Let me interrupt you. We also had positive rent spreads in the mall assets. Again, remember there is a lot more activity just given the size of the portfolio malls versus outlets. So if that is what you are headed to we had positive in both. Again, the expirations for the quarter maybe there is some unusual…
David Simon: I think it is going to be consistent with our guidance. The specific number I think we would have to get back to you on. We don’t see a big change in the business. 
David Simon: I will just say we continue to have a lot of pressure put on us by the retailers on the rent. It is a challenge and we are doing the best we can. There is a lot of leverage and pressure the tenants are putting on us in terms of rent. 
David Simon: I think it is not just us. I think generally the outlet properties are attracting a lot of new entrants into the outlet business. There are lifestyles that are being converted to outlet. There are malls that are being converted to outlets. Part of the morphing we see going on in the industry so that is one of the things that we are dealing with. It was not just us. I would say generally the returns are under pressure. Not dramatically so.  The returns historically as you know have been really, really positive. They are still double digits but it is probably off a couple hundred basis points if not more just because the rent pressure in that business even though the demand is good the retailers are just generally cautious and able to negotiate pretty good deals. 
David Simon: I think it will be a little bit better but I would say 10-12. I guess you want to pin me down with a number. 
David Simon: Probably went from the 14-15 range to probably 10-12. I think the other thing is the outlet development pipeline, not just us but generally, is different than it was 5-8 years ago. The idea of being next to a full price is kind of out the door. The land costs are much higher. In regional mall locations essentially. Construction costs have kind of stabilized but I think land costs, tenant improvement costs have certainly gone up. 
David Simon: How much more? Where do you want to start? Jim Sullivan – Cowan & Co. : Typically that number has been over 25 for some time. So it was a big… 
David Simon: I would say we are good at what we do there. We have the right partners. We have had success so it is really success to get success. Full price, certainly in China and I think the yield on full price is very, very tricky. The thing that I have seen in Asia is if the tenants don’t produce they don’t really necessarily pay you what they want to pay you. We think the outlet sector is actually a little more risk averse and we have been successful there. 
David Simon: I will let Rick talk about department stores but absolutely store closings our occupancy went down. Store closings are an everyday event. Retailers if they don’t have the right rent as a percent of sales they will close the stores. We have suffered through that a lot last year. I think I give credit to Rick and the leasing team for maintaining occupancy but store closings is absolutely continuing to be an issue. I don’t’ think it will go away any time soon. I will turn it over to Rick on the anchors. 
David Simon: They have already made some decisions. We know that in 2010 when the lease expires we are going to have to deal with store closings. The environment, we have a better shot at keeping some open given the world is getting better but it continues to be a focus for retailers. If they don’t have the right rent/sales they are going to close the store. You have seen our rent spreads compress and our occupancy get dinged a little bit because of that environment. The good news it is moving better but it has to continue to move better for us to be able to deal with the store closings. 
David Simon: Very good question. We are going to address it a little bit with our taxable income in the fourth quarter. It depends on kind of where we see that. I think it is a good question. We will be able to see how the year shakes out. There won’t be a change in the third quarter in terms of the $0.60. We will see where our taxable income is in the fourth quarter. Then I think depending on the view of the world we will see what the right number is for 2011. 
David Simon: We have had challenges in both. These were brought on ahead of they were under construction during the lean years. Two days ago? Right. We struggled frankly. We have good momentum. I will let Rick talk to you about the percentages but we brought them on obviously at a horrific time. We are making progress.
David Simon: I will tell you the outlet is a good pipeline out there for the industry. I just don’t see the demand. I just don’t see it from our standpoint. 
David Simon: I would add the focus, we had obviously a lot of redevelopment stuff we have put on hold, so I think as I said probably in the last call I think we will start to see some of that put on the drawing board again. I think that is the first step for us in any event as opposed to ground up new development X the outlet assets. 
David Simon: I think that is what you are seeing in terms of having a pretty big impact in this year’s first quarter because we had a lot of jewelry stores close. 
David Simon: I think it is safe to say we are good but it is hard to work on one big deal and a lot of other ones at the same time. Our focus let’s not forget we have a Prime deal we are looking to close. Our focus obviously has been on general growth. I think at the time we mentioned it we were still debating what role and how we might play in general growth. Obviously a lot changed from the last time we spoke and we have been exclusively focused on that transaction. It so happens that there is nothing there for us which is a distinct possibility I am very comfortable with the ability to grow our business externally but I can’t give you chapter and verse as to when and how. I don’t think that would be appropriate. 
David Simon: I don’t think any of these were auction oriented marketing deals. It wasn’t like that kind of stuff. 
David Simon: I don’t think it is quite a way out actually. I will tell you we are going to end up spending more redevelopment dollars this year than we thought as we were planning at the end of 2009 and last year. Actually our CapEx some of it may actually by the time you get it all done will be spent in 2011 but there is a lot of activity on the redevelopment front ad we will spend more in this year than we anticipated. I think that will carry over into 2011 as well. 
David Simon: I just want us to take credit not only did we outperform, we also outperformed with all of the snow expenses. We had one goal this quarter which was not to use the extra snow as a reason we missed. 
David Simon: Let me answer it this way. I hope you were not serious about that last part. I think their balance sheet scares me. There is still a lot of secured debt and a lot of highly levered assets. Again, I hope you weren’t serious on the last part. No, we look at the assets. Obviously the big issue here is it is still a very highly levered company with not a lot of financial flexibility. So secured market as you know is still just not back. Doing bigger deals is tough. It is getting better but it is not there. Obviously our balance sheet compared to theirs is an apple and an orange. 
David Simon: I think that was an argument that was made by them earlier and we saw the results of that. I don’t think so. 
David Simon: That is a good question. I think everything has to be done in moderation. I don’t know that I will be dramatic changes but like we have said before there is retail real estate that is going to become yesterday’s news. The retail real estate environment is under pressure. Certainly the internet and e-commerce has had a dramatic impact on our business. That is the biggest concern we have going forward. There are certain elements of that which aren’t a level playing field. For instance on the Internet sales taxation and the ability for the pure internet retailers to just avoid it. I think this will cause the whole environment generally is going to cause some retail real estate to essentially have to morph into something else or go out of business. 
David Simon: I would say at the end of the day if it is good real estate it is going to get recycled. The malls if you have the right critical mass and the right location I think we have all demonstrated in our industry the ability to recycle boxes and that ought to continue. 
David Simon: I would focus on the spread. I would also just focus on the bottom line results which is we grew NOI by 2.5%. That is what I would focus on. That is just my personal preference. I have a simple model. As long as cash flow is growing then I am reasonably happy. Rick is saying not really but I am reasonably happy. If it is not growing then that is the focus. That is how frankly how we run this. We are looking at EBITDA or NOI growth. 
David Simon: That is a good question. The reason we don’t is that is its own separate company and we have our partner in there that has its own separate revolver and its own separate balance sheet. It is kind of one entity generally. 
David Simon: We do disclose operating statistics for it but that is the primary reason. Whereas essentially the malls and the outlets are kind of all together. The mill because of the separate corporate structure is kind of run independently. 
David Simon: I think actual Mills projects are doing very…we are pleased with it. Rick and I are pleased with it. When we bought Mills there were 2-3 Mills that were really tough. We knew that going in. Effectively the Mills share of that cash flow was diminimous so we don’t pull our hair out over it. Though we continue to try and improve it. I would say we have made a lot of progress on the Mills and improving from Potomac. Rick restated all of the stuff we have done. Block, Ontario, The Great Mall. There is a lot of good activity.  Where we have had some slower results and we got kind of caught in the significant downturn is the malls that the Mills owns where a couple of them we were really excited about certain redevelopment opportunities like at Southdale and Del Amo that has taken a little bit of a back burner. On the other hand we have a Target deal with Esplanade and we are working some stuff with South Bridge so we are regaining momentum with the mall portfolio but that has taken longer.  Generally, the results are exactly what we underwrote despite the significant change in the economy. The demand at the Mills has been good. So we are okay there other than the tougher ones like a [St. Louis] continues to be tough. 
David Simon: I would add the only one that is really out there doing it in a big way is the Gap. I think as Rick just said they have very good locations so it would be a win/win for both of us. We downsize and get back decent space and go from there. That is not to say there aren’t tenants here or there with a store here or there that wants to get smaller but I would say that is the biggest one out there that wants to do it on a broader basis. 
David Simon: Let me answer the last part. I would say to you that depending on what is happening in that market if it is a dwindling, dying market those malls are going to go away. If it is good real estate and the market could be a small market but it has good employment and it has good prospects then I think it can be recycled. We have seen both frankly where we have been able to, Rick mentioned Richardson Square as a decent in-fill place. Oak Mall that we basically tore down and redid it.  On the other hand we had a mall in Indiana and we actually sold a couple in Indiana and I won’t mention names where it was an old manufacturing town that the employment base was shrinking and the age of the customer was increasing. It wasn’t well located and we had no shot at it. Thankfully we sold it and we went on. I think you will see a little bit of both.  On your first question I would say it really depends on the retailer. What they are really focused on is what sales productivity they can achieve from the space. That is the focus. From there results in the deal or the rent negotiation. There are certain tenants that love moderate scenarios. They have their idea of what they can afford to pay and depending upon that asset that may be a perfectly fine deal for that asset. I do think though there is clearly a much greater focus on what the sales productivity is. 
David Simon: Certainly other than our company being undervalued, I think generally we just have to be very careful. What I don’t want to see our industry, and I think it is broader for all equity markets, I don’t want to see us go from one bubble to the next bubble. There is certainly a sense that we created just another little false sense of euphoria. I have been surprised. Obviously we think we are in a little different position than a lot of companies but it is a great surprise to me. I think we have to be careful as an industry we don’t go from one bubble to the next. 
David Simon: Let me just say on the regional thing we are just starting to see a little pick up in Florida. California not so much. The outlets are producing a little bit better sales growth than the mall assets. As I have said repeatedly the Midwest is just the Midwest. God love us. The good news is we are starting to see a little bit better trend in Florida. Rick I don’t know if you want to add to that maybe. 
David Simon: The good news with Prime is it also comes with a couple of development sites we are anxious to be able to build when the deal closes. That will be a big focus for us. 
David Simon: Not really. The 3.7? We didn’t really have that in our initial guidance but that is [where we expect it]. 
David Simon: I think we are baking it into our range more or less. It doesn’t seem like it is going away any time soon but it could. 
David Simon: Thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to talking to you soon. Take care. 
Stephen Sterrett: I will talk a minute about the other two items you asked about. The bad debt expense as you did see we actually had a recovery in the first quarter. I wouldn’t expect that trend to continue although as I look at the landscape right now I do think bad debt expense will be relatively muted throughout the rest of the year but I would expect to see some expense, not necessarily a recovery. On the lease settlement side we did have a spike in activity in the first quarter.  Historically we run about $5 million a quarter. $4-5 million of just ordinary course of business and I would expect the run rate for the rest of the year, the remaining three quarters, to kind of fall back to that historical level. 
Stephen Sterrett: We clearly are seeing some positive momentum in the leasing business. I think David mentioned in his prepared remarks if you look at just the first quarter activity on a standalone basis the spread was actually almost $3 a foot. I would not expect it to be a blip. 
Stephen Sterrett: No. Don’t forget our business is such that a lot of the leases are still geared towards the retailer year-end so we have the largest expirations at January 31 but it is not reflective of anything different. 
Stephen Sterrett: Let me amplify on that just a bit. Don’t expect the same amount of positive variance. We did have a true up from a legacy incentive plan related to the outlet business that provided some of that favorable variance in the first quarter. 
Stephen Sterrett: I think the favorable variance was about $8 million in the quarter. Jim Sullivan – Cowan & Co. : You have obviously been talking with a lot of major institutions in terms of joint ventures both domestically and overseas. The question I have for you is whether you have seen any change recently that kind of matches what we saw in share price performance over the last couple of days so whereby those institutions are showing a clear preference to invest in North America as opposed to Europe. 
Stephen Sterrett: From a math perspective what is happening is the first quarter of last year was very positive. In fact if you go look at our 8-K from the first quarter of last year my recollection was that the spreads in the mall business were $9. So you had a very positive quarter burning off and obviously as David and Rick alluded to the leasing trend is getting better. We are seeing better spreads in the first quarter of 2010 than we saw in the fourth quarter of 2009 but you are replacing a quarter that has lower spreads from taking out the first quarter of last year which had very high spreads. That is the simple math. 
Stephen Sterrett: Don’t forget two things. One, closing square footage in our spread calculation is comprised of two things. It is comprised of normal lease expirations and we disclose to you what our lease expirations are over the course of any period and you can see what the average rent is but it is also stores that closed prematurely whether that is bankruptcies or lease settlements or lease terminations. Obviously as David and Rick alluded to in the environment we are in if a tenant doesn’t have the right rent to sales ratio they are going to close. We had some high rent tenants that closed. As an example, think about all of the jewelry stores that have closed over the last 18 months. 
Stephen Sterrett: A couple of things. David mentioned trying to do more with less. We obviously have been focused on costs but you do have seasonal costs. For example utility costs are much higher in the summer because your air conditioning, etc. but there is no question we are seeing the benefit of aggressively managing the costs of the malls. 
Stephen Sterrett: What David mentioned earlier is our 2010 secured maturities have effectively all been addressed. That plan does continue to include paying off the debt at Forum and Copley. 
Stephen Sterrett: And its contribution as a percentage of NOI as a total enterprise is a fraction of what the outlet and malls is. 
Stephen Sterrett: They are not major components of the overall enterprise so they are not going to move the needle much in any event. I will say that the cash flow for both the strips and the Mills is positive. 
Richard Sokolov: Let me do first on the specialty store tenants across all of the platforms it is obviously a more constructive leasing environment. We have a number of tenants that are now coming back and wanting to open the stores in 2010 that they otherwise might have opened in 2008. There are a number of new concepts like PS by Aero that are moving ahead. Sperry and Stride Rite from Collective Brands and we are looking at a lot of deals with Microsoft. As you know they opened two stores. One of the two is in our property and it is performing very well and they are excited and we are excited they are looking to grow their footprint.  On the box area if you look at the schedule we have in the 8-K you are going to see an increasing amount of activity there as well and the thing to remember is the development today is probably at 40 year lows as David referenced so that is certainly playing into our hands to absorb the existing inventory. 
Richard Sokolov: I think it is going to be further out. You have to understand leasing we are doing today is not going to open until the fourth quarter at the earliest and we are starting to talk about 2011 leasing. Obviously the stores that are opening new in the portfolio were done last year with a little less constructive sales and profit dynamics and so that is going to reflect slightly lower rents. 
Richard Sokolov: I would say in addition to store closings a lot of the specialty stores are downsizing their footprint. So there is pressure in that regard as well as they are trying just like us to do more with less. On the anchors, performance is obviously better. Balance sheets are dramatically better. Virtually every one of them are at stock prices that they haven’t seen in years. They are more optimistic about their future and they are more focused on top line growth. That I don’t think is going to immediately transfer into department stores looking to open new units. They are just working on making their existing product better and it is more productive and that helps us drive more traffic. 
Richard Sokolov: I would add at Domain we are going to hopefully buy the third quarter would be about 80% occupied and at South Shore, Target is opening in October and we anticipate being about 80% open at that time as well when Target opens. David is right. They were very well executed but the timing could have been a lot more fortuitous. 
Richard Sokolov: The only thing I would add is the discussions we are having with department stores is how we can add them to our existing properties. I don’t’ think any of them believe there are a lot of underserved markets left in the United States. 
Richard Sokolov: If you look at page 34 of the 8-K we have shown you a number of the redevelopment projects that are coming online for the remainder of 2010 and some of these are significant upgrades to our properties and we have a pipeline of opportunities we are working on. As they get to the point of starting we will share them with you. 
Richard Sokolov: I don’t think redevelopment as much as it is going to enable us to maximize the NOI out of our better properties which are now more space to lease to more tenants without having to add additional space. 
Richard Sokolov: Anecdotally if you look at all the announcements that have been made over the last few months about new concepts coming to the outlets, they have almost been exclusively from retailers that are already operating in our malls such as Ann Taylor Loft, Coach Men, Lens Crafters, Bradley, New York & Co., Christopher and Banks. Those are all mall retailers that are now moving concepts into the outlet as well which is again an example of the convergence David talked about in his opening remarks. 
Richard Sokolov: Again, I think if you look in the 8-K you will see our most current thinking on how we are handling these boxes. Frankly it is a function of the size of the box. Is it a one level mall and a two level box? Two level box with parking on both levels? There are still users that want to locate in our properties utilizing that real estate that are going to make our properties better but it is a lot of work and it takes time to get done. The demand is slowly re-emerging. 
Richard Sokolov: I would just make a comment we are also finding the convergence many of our tenants that are operating in the malls are looking at opening full price stores in the Mills. I had a conversation yesterday with a retailer on a space and said well we are definitely going to go. We are debating internally whether we want to have a full price store or an outlet store in the Mills. We are having a number of outlet tenants open their outlet stores in the Mills. It is all things to all people and a very good distribution channel. 
Richard Sokolov: It is on the margin. There are a number of retailers that are growing but it gives us an opportunity to improve our tenant mix because a number of our properties where tenants want to consolidate their concepts. It gives us more space to deal with and we can drive our NOI. 
Richard Sokolov: A couple of more color, in the outlets the one area that has gotten substantially better is the international tourist is back. So those are doing significantly better. In terms of categories, home furniture, family apparel, women’s shoes, specialty and family shoes are better. Not surprising books, music and kids shoes and women’s popular were a little softer. As things got better people have moved up a little bit on their price points and I think you are seeing that in the results that are being reported by our retailers. 
Richard Sokolov: There has really not been any change in the negotiating dynamics on the TA. I think slight increases again if you look at the 34 we have had increased box activity. So that is a little more of the dollars but in terms of specialty stores same trends we have experienced. 
