David E. Simon: We got initial comments from the SEC, so we're in that process. We are -- have identified both an internal and external candidate that we're having serious discussions with. And now we would hope to conclude that over the next few weeks. And as soon as we do, I'm sure it will be part of our filing. The board's pretty much set, and it's going according to plan.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we've been doing this for quite some time. And I think we have to put the fourth quarter sales into perspective. First of all, and these are just some thoughts off the top of my head, we are absolutely believers that our business will continue to grow. But let me just talk about the fourth quarter because I do think we were at the point of a little bit of overreaction. Clearly, in '13, there was a move toward global goods, which happens in certain cycles. And as the second half of the year came about, I do think the consumer was relatively cautious. We had a short season. There was, obviously, lots of weather issues for certain parts of the country. And I don't think what's put in perspective, which I listened to the pundits on TV and elsewhere, not just on TV but elsewhere, but between the confusion of ObamaCare and taxes did raise pretty materially for the consumer, you have what I'll call a -- I don't know if it was a perfect storm, but you have a lot of this stuff all come together or that basically resulted in the consumer being very cautious. The pundits, I've heard this stuff about malls in the Internet, obviously, having the right retailers, the right customer service, the right look and feel of the properties will continue to hold our own in that space without question.
David E. Simon: Well, let me talk about -- I'm not going to name names. But we don't use them, and we don't know how reliable a lot of those traffic numbers are. And we'll leave it at that. The answer is, all I can tell you, Nate, is look at our results. That's all I can tell you is look at our results. I think you know at this point, doing this for 20 years and continuing to beat everybody's expectations about the profitability of what this company can't produce, I would suggest to you that things are not what others say they are. And I'll leave it at that.
David E. Simon: Well it would take 30 minutes on this call, but we're happy to go through that in great detail. We have a significant amount of initiatives that we're embarking upon to improve the consumer experience, whether pre-mall or during mall visit. And we are absolutely embracing technology and how it can -- how it could be used effectively to make the consumer more satisfied during their visit or as they come to the mall. The retailers feel the absolute same way. And there's probably 20-plus things that are ongoing in this company, individually, collectively with the mall industry, as well as in conjunction with the retailers that we're working on. But it's -- there are so many that I can't do it at this call, but we're happy to share those as they get rolled out.
David E. Simon: Yes, they're a leader in that industry. I think we'll have opportunities to grow that business through new development and extensions of existing assets, as well as acquisitions of assets that either they manage and own a small piece of and/or others that do. But it's really -- I'm not in the position to give you a specific number. But as you know, we've taken our platforms over the years and run them significantly. It reminds me of the outlet business when we entered into it in 2004. We have roughly grown. We have -- if I could put the numbers correctly, we have increased the cash flow of that business roughly 4x. And needless to say, you take the 4x plus the reduction in cap rate, and you'd see the value created there. I think it's harder to develop in Asia, but a great team, good people and we'll just take it a step at a time.
David E. Simon: I think the good news for us, as mall owners, is I expect them to drive traffic and distribute through their store. So what it means, I believe, over time is that, that store location will become more valuable because instead of building a bunch of distribution centers or trying to figure out how to get various online purchases to the consumer, the most effective and perhaps cost-effective way for them to do it is by using their existing store. Now that means that they're going to have to have a better handle on store and create algorithms in terms of what can be distributed out to the store or not. But I think what it's going to ultimately mean is that they're going to drive purchase -- drive sales through those stores, which, as far as we're concerned and what's in our leases and we'll continue to be, is those sales will be generated from that store. So I don't -- now if they have the store that's losing money, they're not going to keep it open, but that's been that way for 30 years, 40 years. So -- but that's what I anticipate.
David E. Simon: Look, we -- even though we obviously have had issues over the years with Taubman, we've always had what I call a good professional relationship, certainly, as the dust is settled from several years ago. So again, I can't really comment on that other than -- let me talk about the property. We're very excited about it. We are very interested in working with the town of Oyster Bay and our partner, Castagna Realty. We're going to work with the residents, come up with a development plan. Also, at the property that we own with Castagna Realty, together, we think there is an absolute way to create a win-win for the community and for us and our partner. And it's great real estate. So how we got there is really not important. I'm convinced that's in the best interest of our shareholders, and I'm convinced that Taubman feels the same way. So that actually can happen where you can have a win-win for both companies.
David E. Simon: Well, all of those revenues are at the property level. So they'll continue. Now, ultimately, if they -- remember, just to give you SpinCo, the strip center business will be in SpinCo. SPG will do some back office activity for the strip center business. SPG will act as third-party property manager for SpinCo malls. And all of that revenue that, that group generates goes to the property. So, ultimately, will be the decision for that team to decide whether or not they want to continue after the 2-year period, to continue to use SPG as a property manager. But there's no reason in my mind that they couldn't, if they chose not to do that -- that will be up to the team and the Board there -- that they could replicate the vast majority of that income.
David E. Simon: Honestly, I probably shouldn't say this publicly. But I'll go ahead, sometimes I get into that box. But the hardest thing about SpinCo is coming up with the appropriate name.
David E. Simon: Yes, that'll be in the final filing. But the fourth quarter -- we thought you might ask that so we had that number for the fourth quarter. But that kind of stuff will all be in the filing.
David E. Simon: Well, I will just say, Jeff, simply, that we have both mobile and desktop, et cetera. We have a system called Retailer Showcase that basically presents offers from the retailers to our consumers. They can get it in mall, they can go on our website or whatever. We do that. I think the last number that I saw, probably 50,000 offers over the year that we present to our consumers. We get those offer -- we don't make them up, we get them from that retailers. So, absolutely, there is a significant amount of coordination, as you would expect, between us and the retailer, to improve and enhance their business. I believe we're just at the scratching of that surface. That is part of our job, to facilitate more productivity for the retailers of stores, and at the same time, trying to do that and increase rent. I mean, it's not the easiest thing. But they know that we want them to be very productive. We work hand-in-hand with them. And I think technology, generally, will be a wonderful opportunity to make that relationship easier to execute.
David E. Simon: Well, sure, because you don't know how many -- how they cover -- historically, the department stores advertised in a market. They allocate that advertising a certain way. So you've got to have a handle on that. But again, on a specific store, we're going to have a sense as to where that is, based upon lots of discussions over the last few years. Corporately, and where they're headed, we have some insights but it's no different than people that has follow them and covered them. I mean, we're not necessarily privy to all that's going on in what they're doing. I mean we have, obviously, good relationships with our major anchors. But we're not privy to anything that's probably not common knowledge. But we have the several years and years of dealing with them, how they feel about certain stores.
David E. Simon: I probably shouldn't say this, but it's interesting, as I travel the world and understand -- probably not as much as I should do -- but the occupancy cost that we have in the U.S. is relatively benign compared to when you see it elsewhere in the world. So it's an interesting thing for us, to pause to think about what the opportunities to continue to grow that rent are. But we've got to be absolutely sensitive to the retailer and making sure they profit in their environment as well. So, our occupancy cost, generally, in comparison to kind of where the other shopping centers, owners have in the world, they're relatively below at least what those would indicate the rents are. So we'll see how that evolves over time.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, we shared some of that with you when we announced SpinCo. That gives you a general direction for that answer. And as you'll see, once SpinCo is done and effective, you'll have the SpinCo data and you'll have the SPG data. So that'll all be there. That gives you a sense of direction where it is.
David E. Simon: Yes. I can't can remember the exact number. But it's right there, it's public document. I assume it's on our Investor website. It's all there.
David E. Simon: We don't see that at this moment. Things change over the year. But we don't see that necessarily. Obviously we have a good handle on that. The only thing we don't have a handle that could change that is bankruptcies. But based upon our existing status of where we are with our discussion with retailers, we don't see that. Obviously, a bankruptcy here or there may be able to impact that on a faster basis.
David E. Simon: Well, the fact of the matter, and you can see it in technology companies' results, is that it is relatively a lot less expensive to create because of the cloud and the way apps work and so on. It's relatively less expensive to create the combination, become more technology-oriented than it has in the past. Lots of ability to share services in the cloud that you wouldn't otherwise have to invest in. So I think maybe the mom and pop has a harder time. But generally, any retailer that has a kind of a reasonable store base can compete very affectively because the cost of technology is -- you don't need routers, you don't need servers, you don't need a bunch of software guys cranking this stuff out like you used to. The fact is, if we had done MerchantWired today, with different technology, we'd probably be successful. But we overpaid for the hardware. So, I think, as long as they have a reasonable store base, we're going to be able to create the appropriate coordination between their bricks and mortar stores and how they want to deal with online shopping.
David E. Simon: It's a good point. What I have seen them do is think about their stores as a point of distribution along as a store. So whether they're now looking at stores just for the sake of having the store and a distribution, I wouldn't' say that thinking is there yet. But clearly, existing stores are being thought as a way to distribute and kind of the e-commerce platform. So I do think that thinking -- and that's a different level for many different retailers, but I actually do think they're thinking about it very seriously.
David E. Simon: I don't have it in front of me. But a few smaller shopping centers, a couple of outlets. So we'll continue to do that as well.
David E. Simon: The answer is none of those were in the SpinCo because we already had contracts. There is a couple of strip centers that may or may not be sold before SpinCo is done. So, if that's the case, we're going to -- ultimately, the portfolio, as we said to you in December, when we announced it, will change a little bit. Part of that will be because of a couple of fails here and there, and a couple of them will be because we may or may not get a consent. But that could still happen.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, the simple answer is it depends. Each case is different, to be honest with you. So in that case, we cooperated with Sears. Given the location of that store and what our plans were on the future redevelopment, we thought it was a win-win for us. We're happy to have Dick's in there, and it was a good transaction for Sears. In some cases, because of location of stores, we may want to do the development on ourselves -- by ourselves. In some cases, we'll let them do it. And if -- in fact, we may -- in most cases, we have approval rights, so each case is very different. Believe me, we have understanding of each one to a great level. But in that case, we just saw it as a way to be cooperative with Sears, way to help them all, great for the consumer, and as you know, we think Dick's is great. We do a lot of business with them. So in that case, we said, "Perfect, let's go. We'll help you, we'll cooperate."
David E. Simon: No, we did not, and Sears will continue to operate there as well. So it's -- Dick's is taking the upper level, and Sears is going to actually, we understand, kind of create the store, the future, so to speak, in the lower level, so that's great. And we'll continue to work with anchors like that as well. There's lots of little tactical things that are going on with all of our anchors about getting rights to put restaurants in. On some of the frontage of the -- just to bring up an example, in Briarwood, we're putting a couple of restaurants, and we do that all the time, like in front of Macy's. And so all of that stuff is out there to do. In some cases, we facilitate them if they want to do a lease. So the simple goal is, "Let's make the property better for the consumer," and it will take all sorts of different forms. We wouldn't rule out partnering with somebody on a redevelopment of their box if that circumstance made sense for both parties.
David E. Simon: Look, they have a -- they're major markets at 16 assets. As you know, the focus on value for them, value-oriented retailers, has been tremendously successful. You've got the outlets at Orange, that conversion from more of an entertainment center to an outlet center has been terrific. Ontario is on fire. Sawgrass, needless to say, is -- continues to be behemoth. Potomac Mills, we brought a couple of restaurants in Opry that's not in the comps.
David E. Simon: You can see it on the run hole. So lots of things go there, just a lot of things happening here to make the portfolio -- by the way, we added Macy's at Gurnee Mills as an example, so...
David E. Simon: I think it will be good. I'm not going to do 10% -- where not going to do is 10.8% for the year. So don't put that in your numbers.
David E. Simon: Not really. This is always the general time where you may see a few of these pop-up. But no one -- in fact, there's a few that have been in the edge for a number of years and actually turn their business around even last year. Look, I think the consumer -- I read something yesterday on the plane back from Europe that consumer is still under a pretty decent amount of pressure. Higher taxes, more regulation, uncertainty of ObamaCare, spending on durable goods a little bit in the first half the year, higher rates potentially, I would think, and they took it easy in the third and fourth quarter, as you've seen across the board. So we are still in a tepid recovery. The fascinating thing I read, last year, forget the federal government, in the state and local governments, there were 40,000 new rules and regulations in the state -- in the United States of the America. So that is going to slow the growth of America, 40,000 new regulations throughout this country at a state and local level. That's going to slow us down. So we have a tepid recovery, even though some of the broad-based numbers look better. The fact is it's still a very cautious environment. But we're producing terrific results in that environment. And that's the facts. We produced great results in the Great Recession. We had cash flow that was flat. So despite all of that, that noise out there, we can only do what we're capable of doing. We can't control the outcome of an anchor business plan or not. We can just be ready to go to work if, in fact, these things are thrown in our way.
David E. Simon: The answer is we brought someone in to -- help the internationally. We're -- Matt was helping Stanley Shashoua who has been terrific. Stanley is great, speaks 5 languages, maybe 6, unlike the team here who can actually speak English, but he's great and he's helping me. And in the sense, he really took Matt's role on our International business.
David E. Simon: He worked for both real estate and investment banking companies. So he's been -- he's a young guy compared to me probably, but he's been -- he's got great experience. And he was instrumental with the McArthurGlen deal. I had to put him on that deal because of the complexity, and he really helped us get there with another kind of great guy here who actually came from the Mills, but moved to Minneapolis when did that deal. Brian McDade -- the 2 of them, grabbed that -- along with our General Counsel, grabbed that deal and took it to the finish line. And so the good thing about the -- we have kind of the what I call younger folks that are really taking a lot more responsibility in the organization and doing a great job.
David E. Simon: No, they're all going to be refinanced absent -- one may not be -- one is further out there. I don't know, I don't -- yes, but they'll be refinanced.
David E. Simon: Well, for SPG, we'll continue to call properties like we have for year-after-year. SpinCo, I think, again, I'm not going to be in charge there. But I think I would expect SpinCo to sell a couple assets here and there. And I think it's -- that's business as usual. I mean, we'll always continue to sell assets at both companies. I can't necessarily -- as a Director, I'll have certainly my point of view on capital allocation and reallocation. But I would expect both companies to continue to sell assets like we have in the past.
David E. Simon: I must have bored you by the time I got to that. Our -- that's quite all right. I understand that our opening comments may, in fact, bore some. We are projecting, for '14, to have comp NOI up 4% or above. So I -- if that answers your question -- 4%.
David E. Simon: I mean, that's the important part. I mean, we -- if we want to reduce our earnings growth, we would have 20%, 30% of floating rate debt. We basically have virtually 0.
David E. Simon: Well, this is the $64,000 question. Like I said earlier, I mean, it is interesting to me that occupancy costs outside of the U.S. are much, much higher and -- so answer is I don't know other than it does give us some very good feeling that we still have a way to continue to grow our NOI, because essentially, the biggest opportunity we have is to -- marketing our leases to market and being able to replace underperforming retailers with better ones. Besides the -- obviously, and I know, Craig, you've been out seeing a bunch of properties, and I appreciate that, that you have because you get a good sense of what's going on here, which I do think, because of the size of the company, sometimes people lose focus. But all that's going on -- but that's going to drive our business. That -- but I can't put a number on it and -- but -- and we're here to create the right partnership with our retailers because we believe in repeat business with them. But this is confidence that we still have the ability to execute even with a tepid consumer comp NOI growth.
David E. Simon: Yes. Look, I mean, you -- I know you went to Del Amo, right? And I'm sure you didn't really believe we were redoing Del Amo. I know you've been asking about this for -- I'm sure you asked the Mills pre-acquisition for years. And then I know, once we bought the Mills, it took us a few years and one Great Recession to overcome, but it's going to be a great, great mall.
David E. Simon: Yes. And the difference, Jeff, also is that when we have a significant turmoil in the department store business, say in the late 80s, early 90s, I mean, there's been episodes of -- a lot of turnover. There was also a lot of new stuff that was being brought to the market. In today's market, you essentially have no new -- I mean, of a significant quantity, no new development, whether it's strip centers and malls, they have a little bit in the Outlet business as we all know, but you have no new product coming on the market. And it's -- yes, I know there are a few, but in the real sense of stuff. So -- and you also have obsolescence occurring, which is -- by the way, we -- they've been telling folks for several years that we expect an obsolescence. When you put together the inventories tight and sure, there'll be some headaches associated with that, but that's in a -- that's a better spot to be in if, in fact, there is significant anchor turmoil than say, in the early 90s and a couple other, the episodes that Rick and I have had to deal with.
David E. Simon: They are -- they -- yes, they -- first of all, we don't use them. We rely primarily on parking counts. We do not use them. I think their -- I'm not sure about their sample base. You'll have to ask them. I think it's narrow. And I don't -- the retailers that use them, I think, it's a small subset. But I mean, look, there are lots of people that make pronouncements and tell you this, tell you that. All we can do is just report quarter-after-quarter what the results of our business produce.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you. Sorry, the call dragged on that long. Steve has been a great part of the group. We've got another year to torment him. So I'm sure you'll see him around, and we'll make sure that we'll want to go the extra torment for the next year. So anyway, thank you. Have a good one.
Richard S. Sokolov: Absolutely, we are seeing an ability to increase our rents. We have significant demand in the outlet sector. If you listen to the retailers, there are many retailers that are entering the sector for the first time as an additional prong and bare growth strategy. And where you have a lot of demand you're able to drive rates, our properties are very productive. We're making them better. And that does give us pricing power.
Richard S. Sokolov: What percentage of the stores we think may not be cost-effectively retenantive if they close. I would tell you that we're spending a considerable amount of time. And as we've said before on these calls, we have our plans in place, we have identified replacement tenants. For example, we have one tenant already lined up to occupy one of the Penney closures, yet this year, at a positive economic impact on that property and a positive sales impact. So we are as prepared as one can be to take advantage of any opportunities that present themselves through the activities of the department stores when they decide they don't want to do it. Over the years we've dealt with over 80 of these things. So, as David said, this is not new to us. We'll just keep doing what we've been doing at historically.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, two parts to that. In our lease negotiations, we're incredibly mindful of the role that our stores play in the distribution of their goods, whether online or store-based. And, frankly, if that store is any part of the distribution channel for that sale, it's going to count in our sales. The retailers understand that, and the retailers are emphasizing the convenience and location of their stores as a significant advantage in their ability to maximize their contacts with the customers and their sales. So they very much view their stores as an integral part of their business going forward and they are working with us in a cooperative way to try and maximize.
Richard S. Sokolov: We certainly anticipate that we'll be able to continue to grow our rents as we have historically. The other thing I would tell you is that we're spending a lot of money making these properties better. And so, when you look at a very gross sales number, that's made up of a whole lot of individual stores. And as we renovate our properties, bring in better tenant, our tenants, we believe, are more productive in our properties, and that gives us some incremental ability to drive rent. So we don't envision that slowing down.
Richard S. Sokolov: At this point, I think our apparel percentage is going to remain fairly stable. Now, the tenants that make up that apparel percentage could change dramatically. We have some tenants that are reducing the size of their stores, and we have entrants coming in like Czar, H&M, UNIQLO, that are in slightly bigger formats. But there's not going to be a sense of a significant decline in the amount of space allocated to apparel. We are allocating space differently. Look, last year, we opened 36 restaurants across the portfolio. That's a major focus, to be able to extend their stay in our property, give the consumers a wider range of dining alternatives and just make the properties more experiential, which is obviously a focus of our retailers and us. So, the mix may change, but I think apparel is going to stay fairly stable, while the components may change.
Richard S. Sokolov: And they have been relatively stable for the last 3 years even though we've been able to drive our rents.
Richard S. Sokolov: And frankly there is no retailer that we meet with that is not very focused on doing precisely that. Some of them are further along in their implementation of those strategies, but every one of them is focused on more affectively integrating their online with their stores.
Richard S. Sokolov: We still have very strong demand. And in fact, the response to Del Amo has been terrific. We are going to be able to move that up significantly in price point and with the quality retailers. And retailers still want to expand. Retailers still want to have great real estate that will help their brand and we're seeing no real slowdown in that conversation. And in fact, and we've said this in other calls, a great amount of the time that David and I spend are basically dealing with retailers that we cannot accommodate in the size they want or in the space they want at our property. So demand remains high.
Richard S. Sokolov: I think that there is going to be a concerted effort by Sears. They've done it historically over the last few years, and they're continuing to be focused on it to try and get their stores to where they are most efficient. That doesn't -- and I think that is frankly not specifically limited to any particular quality spectrum of their stores. And as David said, where we think it's in our best interest, we'll cooperate. If we think it is not in our best interest or the malls' best interest or the consumers' best interest, we'll try and influence a different direction on Sears' part. But I don't think their efforts are being focused on any particular quality type.
Richard S. Sokolov: We're having a constant dialogue with both companies about all the real estate. And frankly, as David said earlier, we hopefully -- that provides a lot of insights into what they're thinking strategically with respect to the stores, and we're trying to work with them to come up with positive outcomes.
Richard S. Sokolov: The answer is that we're very focused on the maximizing of rents and it's less about a target occupancy cost because it takes into account the size of the space, the use of the tenant, the quality of the mall, where is the space located in the mall, what's the sales projection for that tenant. And all of that goes into setting the rate that we think is appropriate. And believe me, the process is granular and we spend a great deal of time on the nickels, making sure that we try and get it right. But we don't go into any given spacing, we want 12.5% of sales from this space and 18% from this space. All those factors go into how we set the rent.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. Well, look, we have a whole dedicated team and frankly, David and I have been pushing all of our people to go out and kept as broad a net as possible, so we have as many options identified as possible to make things work. And frankly, Wegmans at Montgomery Mall has been terrific, Fairway Market at Nanuet has been great, Fresh Market at The Falls, but that's just one category. David mentioned Dick's earlier, Arhaus Furniture. We just have a lot of different users that, as we've said earlier, we've gone through our portfolio and have these users identified, so that if an opportunity presents itself with an anchor box, we can move efficiently and quickly and effectively to get it filled.
Richard S. Sokolov: Then the last thing I'll say on that is that frankly, success breeds success. So once we're able to get one of these new anchors in our properties, they open the store, what invariably we have found is they've been more successful than they thought they'd be, and that makes the next conversation for the next opportunity much more easy to have and finalize.
Stephen E. Sterrett: The only other thing I would add and I think it's a very significant advantage to our retailers and in David and my discussions with them, they are very focused on it. It's the ability to fulfill their orders online out of their stores and reorient it to whatever store has the appropriate inventory, that's going to have, in their opinion, significant margin enhancement possibility because they won't be able to have less markdowns by selling at full price goods that might otherwise have to be discounted in various locations. And they're all spending a great deal of time getting that backbone in place to effectuate that.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's Steve, it's pretty well laddered already. As you know, as part of the SpinCo announcement, we did state that we expect to raise $1 billion of debt through SpinCo, with those proceeds coming to Simon before the effective date. So if you couple that with our bond yield in January, that's the majority of our capital raise, in terms of dealing with bond expirations. We also unencumbered Sawgrass Mills as part of the use of those proceeds. So, we're in really good shape for '14. We've accomplished most of the capital plan. And in '15, we're ordinary course of business, we have bonds coming due every year. You should expect us to be a regular issuer in that market. But obviously the secured debt market is also important to us as well, so you'll see us in both.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Dan, this is Steve. I'll just add one point. We tend not to get into the 27 different variables that go into our forecast for the year, but I will say that our plan in 2014 is that occupancy year-over-year will be up at the end of '14.
Stephen E. Sterrett: I don't know. I see the tenure coming back down. So Craig, I will say that the debt markets are in really good shape right now for us. Now I always caution that by -- I think about the little commercials. Your results may not be the same, but for us, the bond market is wide open, the mortgage market is very good, the bank market is wide open. So -- and having already put away now quite a bit of our 2014 maturities, we can start to tackle the '15 stuff and feel good about the opportunity to continue to roll down our weighted average borrowing cost while increasing our duration. I think it is interesting in a debt portfolio that's $28 billion, $29 billion. We've lowered our borrowing costs 23 basis points in each of the last 2 years, and that's a pretty meaningful contribution to profitability.
