David Simon: The simple answer really depends on where we are adding the space? What that centre lacks? What the demand is? But I would simply say, Christy, it’s all of the above. In Pentagon, to take a simple example, in that case, it’s really restaurants, because it’s out in the exterior of the centre. If you’ve been there, the porte cochere is kind of, really Humpty Dumpty, it’s really terrible frankly. And, we think given its location and the ability to, if you’ve been to Atlanta recently, you’ve seen what we did with Lenox just opening up the centers creating a sense of, this is where you ought to enter, it’s great for the restaurants and we’ve seen a lot of synergy there. So in that case, it’s – and there will be a little bit of fast fashion there as well, because of the customer base. But in Del Amo it’s upgrading the mix and bringing in not the super-luxury but bring up the kind of the better retailers more aspirational brands, because we think that’s what’s missing. So, it depends a little bit on everything. In Galleria, the demand for luxury is immense, so having the abilities to take some of the existing retailers, moving towards the Saks existing store, which will be the new added small shop space will allow us to continue to upgrade, the true luxury players in kind of the Neiman Marcus wing. So, again, it’s a little bit of everything and it really, really depends on where and what the demand is.Christy McElroy – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thanks, David.
David Simon: Well, I can tell you that we’ve been – the complements we have received have been fantastic. And I think from a retail point of view, the retailers that think of themselves as brands, it’s been very, very positive. And at the end of the day, if you don’t think of your company as a brand going forward, you’re going to miss out on opportunities. So – but – this is a going to be – this not a – it’s an evolution, we’ll try to revolutionize parts of it, but it’s going to continue to be something that we will reinforce with the consumer day-in and day-out, and our people in the field will reinforce it as well. But we are in early days on it, Jeff, but we are very excited about the prospects of continuing to upgrade the quality of our presentations and the quality of our service levels to our properties, and that’s very important to today’s world.Jeff Spector – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I think Craig had one question.
David Simon: Well, we are focused on making strategic VC-like investments in opportunities that we think will add value to our company in both from – helping our retailers, as well as helping our consumers. So as you know, we hired somebody, Skyler Fernandez, he has been here for three months, we’ve made some investments. And Deliv, we will be bringing to Woodfield, it’s – we are part of that group. We are not leading that group, which is fine. We don’t have to lead everything we do, though I like leading everything we do, but sometimes we don’t lead. And it’s one of many things that we will continue to experiment with and we’ll see where it goes. We’ve got some expertise now. We’ve got – we are looking around corners for opportunities, scholars, and covering a lot, we are in the deal flow. We’re doing is smartly through we don’t have 100 people run around, doing it, I think that way we are doing is smart, and like I said, we’ve made some small investments, and we’ll continue to make and then and I like the prospects of what we are trying to accomplish.Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David Simon: Well, therein lies, again, the – first of all, I noticed in sales don’t necessarily. There – as I mentioned you in the past, the fact that sales growth does not necessarily correlate to spread growth. So and the fact is, you can see that from the results that our mills portfolio posted. I don’t know how else I can describe that to you, but other than producing the results that we did. So that that’s how I would answer that question. We’ve got an under-rented under market portfolio in the mills, we are upgrading the mix and we are charging more rent, simple as that.Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
David Simon: I’ll let Rick comment, but I’d say there’s no huge or material difference like – when we were coming out of the recession there clearly – there was more trepidation with respect to full price than there was the outlet. The outlets didn’t see the big dip in demand. But I would say, today, it’s pretty consistent. The only difference is that in the outlet sector you do have a number of the people that have not participated in it, wanting to. But, I would say the demand is not all that much different at all and it’s – and the gap between the demand given that there’s been no new supply and the regional mall business is basically on top of each other. Rick, I don’t know if you want to add anything to it.
David Simon: Well, look, I think the advice that we got was right in that range. And I’m not here to talk about WP. WP will be providing that update in the next few weeks about what they’re doing. But it’s – I think it’s right on. This is a – we’ve been a public company for 20-some-odd-years. It takes time for companies to develop what they’re doing. I’m very pleased with WP from a director point of view and as a shareholder. It’s very early days, it’s been trading for what, six weeks, maybe, six weeks, so it’s, I think it’s right where we think it’s going to be and I think they’ve got a lot of opportunities. But they are much better equipped and frankly from a – just from a fiduciary point of view it’s better that they do it than I do it. But, no great surprises on that whatsoever.Ross Nussbaum – UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
David Simon: Well, look, I think that the – I mean, your comment about numbers reminds me – a lot of people said, I’m not a real estate guy yet. I go back to this quarter-over-quarter, then somebody figured out how to grow the business $320 million. That’s not for the year, that’s just for the quarter-over-quarter. So, look, the fact is, we did reallocate spend, took it away from outdoor, put it more toward digital and TV, less from radio. I mean, we did that kind of stuff that we tweak every year where we’re getting – we’re getting that. So the answer – and there is a little bit of extra cost associated with the stuff that we’ve done but it’s going to be a test to measure business. But ultimately it’s going to be managed within our typical budget every year that we do for marketing spend. But by having branded and in consistency across the portfolio you do get economies of scale, so we’ll be able to take advantage of it.
David Simon: I think – you certainly have that ability. I think the initial phase is more what’s the feedback but as we get – as this progresses we are going to measure our results.
David Simon: Maybe I’m – that’s I didn’t – can you reinstate your question, I think I missed it, I didn’t miss the – I missed it. Can you just, sorry, Jeff, can you?Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, no, problem at all. I was curious if on top of your, I guess the blocking and tackling on the portfolio, if you feel if there is a need or a role for Simon to do something larger in real estate or perhaps assisting brands of omni-channel retailing in the next few years.
David Simon: Well, look, I think, we are always trying to assist the retailers, while at the same time grow our business, so there is this natural tension between the two of us. But yes, I think, we’ve got to continue to upgrade the portfolio and drive traffic, if that’s your question, yes. So, yes, we have a – we certainly have a responsibility to retailers to make our environments as productive and as exciting as possible. That’s the biggest focus we have. Rick, I think, we feel like we have that obligation, we have it to the consumer too. So, I mean, that’s what – I mean, the amount that we’ve done within the portfolio just upgrading little stuff from restrooms to play areas to seating areas to exterior improvements to doing the – I mean, we’ve done a hell of a lot over the last several years. Right – we were able to shutdown when the world was ending and start back up, we were able to shutdown better than anybody else. We were able to startup better than anybody else. And all of that’s proven, because all of that’s in our numbers. So, we had – we – forget – I hate losing WP because it’s – now I got – I lost $1 dollar FFO. But we would have been a $10, roughly, right? You are going to do the calculation – excuse me, if I’m rounding here and there. But – so everybody is going to do the calculation, what does that mean, what does mean? But we were going to be $10 per share, $6 in dividends, where were we in 2006 and 2007? Where was everybody else? So those are big numbers.Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Well, I guess, that’s the – I guess the root of my question is I think you’ve certainly done well in strengthening the balance sheet, and you spun off Washington Prime and there is a big pipeline today.
David Simon: Yes.Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  And I guess I’m wondering if, going forward, you see more of your capital allocation going to things outside of malls and outlets and maybe into other areas.
David Simon: Yes, it’s absolutely, unequivocally not a reflection of the mall at all. So let me make that clear, the mall does a $1000 a foot…Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Yes.
David Simon: And it’s gown its NOI every year and so it’s a great mall, no issues.Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Thanks, guys.
David Simon: Okay. They – part of that is dilution that that occurred with their sales. They sold Carrefour assets.Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
David Simon: They’ve reported their numbers, so no, the answer is no. I mean, they…Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
David Simon: Almost $1 billion of 52%. As Adam Sandler would say, not too shabby. So, and they are doing a good job and I have yet to learn one word in French, which is quite pleasing to me.Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks for that. One more if I may. Understanding your views, David, on sales per square foot, I was just curious though on your thoughts on…
David Simon: Let me just stop there. What – my – I just don’t think it’s the – again, I’m not trying to tell you that it’s not unimportant. Question is whether we should obsess over it or not. And what I – and what I’m trying to explain to the market, I obsess over my revenues. I obsess over my comp NOI. I don’t obsess over what the retailers do in my properties unless I’m doing a bad job than I obsess over it. So what happens in our industry is, retailers, they get hot, they have great sales, they don’t – it changes, we’ve got to develop the right mix, sometimes that’s our fault, sometimes it’s the retailers fault. The important thing is where we – where is our leases vis-à-vis market? What’s the demand, and can we increase our cash flow? That’s what I obsess over. So I’d never had a headline saying sales are up when they are my tenant sales, because I – my headline is what are my sales up? And, in fact, I think this quarter up 9%, right, roughly looking at my team, they are shaking their head. So that’s what I obsess over, that’s the difference that I’m trying to communicate. And as you know, other retail reach in this – in the universe of 30 of us, more than half of them don’t even report what their tenant sales are. So, we are just trying to say, yes, I hear you, it’s interesting, but it’s not what’s going to drive our ability to increase our cash flow, because remember, we can take the space back.
David Simon: Well, look, the fact is the consumer generally is still very cautious and we see that across the board. There is no denying that, from – as you know, a number of retailers, both low and medium and even high-end, are all seeing somewhat of a cautious consumer. And that’s certainly is affecting retail sales in our properties. So that continues to be the case. We have our work cut out for us, with respect to that issue. We think it’s – we don’t think it’s a shift issue going from. We’ve done a lot of research here. We don’t think it’s a shift from the – to online from physical. It’s really more of an indicator that the consumer right now is pretty cautious. So – and I think a lot of that is just all the macro stuff that’s out there. We’ve seen it before. We certainly have some retailers that have their issues which will put – puts focus on us to release their space. But again, I mean, those things ebb and flow, but we’ve got our work cut out for us with regard to just kind of a consumer that’s cautious right now.
David Simon: Well, it’s not down double-digits, okay. I don’t know where you get that data either. Now, it’s not – I would say mall traffic is generally flat, the summer months are not big until late July and August because they’re back to school. June is not an important month. Early part of July is not. So we’ll see what happens.
David Simon: Yeah, yeah, we do intend to – as you know, as I mentioned in remarks we’re starting Gloucester which is August 7, okay. That groundbreaking that open, basically a year from August, and we do have one other of that we will hope to start this year and then we still have three or four that are in the pipe for next year. So, yeah, nothing has really changed on that and again I won’t bore the callers on my comments but we’re being very selective in where we want to go and where demand is. And we are – let’s – not that we’re always going to bet a thousand, meaning we may pass up an opportunity that turns out good or may build one that’s not great, but those – the two options that can happen. But generally, I would say we’re experts at understanding where the manufacturers and where the retailers that matter want to build the next outlet, okay. Doesn’t mean we’re going to bet a thousand but it’s going to be pretty damn close.
David Simon: Well, we go property by property but the fact that matter is, look, sales were – I will just say this, we added more space so when you look at the $612 to $608 that’s the primary issue there. And also we added some centers that are not quite up to the core average yet. And, and but that, that’s nothing new and out of the ordinary. It does take time for centers to, to develop their trade area and everything else. So, in the movement, because I don’t want to call it the decrease because it really didn’t decrease, the movement from $612 to $608 was really a function of adding additional space. And as I mentioned to you the comp sales were actually up 90 basis points which would ignore that impact. We give you total sales, but the comp sales were up 90 basis points and the total sales, just volume-wise not on a per square foot basis was up 3.3%, and that as much as I really want to talk about sales.
David Simon: Well, I mean, you see where our – I mean, I guess, the simple is just look at where our rent – our expiring rents are versus what we’re bringing in new rents at today’s sales level and if your – that’s what you’re focused on you can see that embedded growth is pretty significant.
David Simon: Look, I’m not going to give you a number, if that’s what you’re after. But, I do think that the consumer has been cautious and for all sorts of reasons. The sense on the macro side is that – and part of that was a move toward durable stuff, but the fact that matter is, I do think there is a law here and I don’t view it as a long term role. I do think, the economy sounds, feels like it’s getting better and with that the consumer will move forward. But as I said, you have – the GDP of last quarter it was down 3%. I had nothing to do with that. I did my fair share, I built, I redeveloped, I hired people, I gave raises, I did everything I can to juice the economy, so don’t look at me. Okay? Now we’ll see where we feel good about our business.
David Simon: Well, look, I’m always of the view, make the deal, lease the space. But look, I think Paul at the end of the day there’s going to be a little volatility in through it, because there are some – we have a little bit more bankruptcies this year than we did the last couple. So, we’re – when you get the space back you don’t have it immediately leased, it takes time. So there’s going to be some of that volatility, but I think we’ll maintain that kind of level of occupancy, give or take a little bit here and there.
David Simon: Yeah, look, the answer is yes, because we also have new development in there that will be at higher yields than that, so when you put it altogether it’s a pretty good number that we feel good about.Paul Morgan – MLV & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks.
David Simon: It’s so hard to really tell you one way or another. I don’t know, mean, the simple answer is I don’t know. I mean, I think it certainly could extend a couple of years. But we have a very disciplined philosophy about adding because – an over improvement of center, because at the end of the day you know what – you know if I go back to this $320 million, you know what drives our earnings is that we think about return on equity better than lot of folks and that’s what drives the business. So if you over improve stuff and you don’t get the right return on equity you kind of get – you’ve kind of done it and that’s great and the architects can pat themselves on the back, but the question is where is the cash flow. So, I don’t know, I mean I think we’re so focused on the handful of big things that we have that’s the key. But Copley is four, five – unfortunately because I’d rather have it much quicker but that’s a four or five year project. So I think the simple answer is that, yeah, that $1 billion to $1.2 billion stretches from 2016 goes to 2017 and 2018 and then after that it’s hard to really tell you one way or another.
David Simon: Yeah, and we’re actually not in the – we’re starting to see a little bit of new development, not outlets that we’re thinking about. We’re close to one deal and Liz brought Oyster Bay, so we’ve got two deals, thank you. Two deals that are out there to do new development that will not be outlets that aren’t in. So, economy gets better, stronger, maybe there is a little bit more new development going on. So, it’s a tough question to really give you any comfort and other than – the philosophy, return on equity is what’s really going to drive us. So if we – we won’t waiver from that.
David Simon: Well, the answer is primarily the reason we didn’t buy was primarily price, just to cut to the chase, even though we think it’s a great asset long-term. Why would we sell? I mean, it’s a great asset. We built it. We leased it. We managed it. We are adding Nordstrom. We don’t need the capital, that’s the business we’re in, in owning real estate. So why would I sell a mall that’s that – we are the managing partner. We run it day-to-day. We had a partner in it, so it was no harm, no foul. I didn’t say any real, we don’t need the capital and see any reason to sell it.
David Simon: Well, let me just – you’ve put a lot in there. I don’t want to tell you what, I’m not going to sit here and say to you that what the cap rate was. We don’t do that. That’s a private transaction. So it is what it is. Reason we didn’t buy it, we owned it, we controlled it, we didn’t see that, with all the capital that we are putting back in a portfolio, it wasn’t really – it wasn’t in – we didn’t see that, the real need to do it from our standpoint. From a going forward, I mean, look, if you look at the value in the private markets and what’s being paid and look at where our stock is trading. And I think you could certainly make the argument that the private market is certainly more expensive than public stocks. And assuming we don’t decrete from value, but create value, you ought to get a little, maybe $0.20 a share for that. So but Ben, I mean, I would say to you clearly that the private market value clearly is more expensive than the public market value, when you put it altogether. But that ebbs and flows.
David Simon: I think what Rich is asking is, when we look at new deals, what is our occupancy cost? I would say it’s probably in the 14% to 15% range. And that range, but again, it’s all over the board. But again, if you look at our peer group, we’ve got very low occupancy cost and the ability to drive that, we will continue to drive our comp NOI in a stable economy.Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Right. I got you, David. Yes, that’s a significant number. I appreciate that. Then the other thing is, you didn’t spend a lot of time on your European investments on the call here.
David Simon: I’m open to any ideas anybody has, okay. No, but I, look, I think McArthurGlen’s development pipeline is very active, but as you know that take time. And Klépierre, where we get strategic guidance and all that stuff, but they’ve got a good pipeline to in terms of extensions and the like. So Japan we’ve got, yes, so we are going to continue to build on those businesses. Is there going to be anything earth shattering? It depends what you consider earth shattering.Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets: All right, I got you, great. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
David Simon: Well, I think we are, look, it’s an art, not a science. I think we are pretty good at it. And I think historically, philosophically, we’ve always here on making a deal. So, we are not as – I’m sure people complain on the other side sometimes. But so I think we are always trying to lease our properties up. I do think, if you are looking historically, you’ve probably got a big compositional change in the portfolio, I mean, depending on how far out you are looking, that’s occurred over the last decade. So that’s what maybe causing that to some extent. So, I would – that’s probably the biggest issue. And you know it’s interesting in the Q1 we used to have a lot of fallout every holiday season because of – let’s talk 10 years ago. That is become less and less of a typical event. So, it may be seen a little bit of that on the margin.
David Simon: I would say there is always going to be assets that we’re going to prune and sell. Frankly, it hasn’t been a huge focus given the spin-off. We spent most of our effort of any free time on that. So I think that’s something that we’ll think about for 2014, 2015. I’m still depressed that I lost $1 of FFO, so I got to get over that. I hate losing cash flow like that. So, I’ve got to come to grips with that, but yeah, we’ll continue to sell, but probably nothing that’s – the rest of this year of any material nature.
David Simon: I – Michael and I will just say this. One of the things that’s interesting, our floating-rate debt percentage is absolutely well below our peer group. It is 7%, if that, 5%, somewhere in that range. So we’re really not juicing our FFO by playing the floating-rate debt game.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Well, your debt also is materially lower as a percentage of your enterprise value. So it’s even a lower percentage. And you are sitting on $2 billion of cash.
David Simon: Look, they’ve been a terrific partner with us. We have a very good relationship. They’ve been very helpful on our involvement with Klépierre. So, beyond that I can’t really say, Michael, anything more than that, other than they have been a pleasure to work with. And we – I have no – absolutely no indication at all that it’s been a good investment for them, they like the investment, other than that, I can’t really say one thing or another on that front.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Should we expect status quo out of your ownership, I mean, how should we – I mean, it was clearly a good investment, where Europe has recovered. You are able to manage through their sales process and focus them, simonize them a little bit.
David Simon: Well, I do want to learn French. I think right now that’s status quo, so…Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: You’ve got to learn French to go up to Quebec.
David Simon: We have it, but call Liz. She will give it to you.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: All right. Thanks, bye.
Rick Sokolov: The one thing I would again reemphasizing David has talked about, we keep talking about our re-development program. I don’t think people appreciate how much better our properties are getting as places where retailers want to do business. We’ve talked in the past how there are number of new entrants that want more square footage. It’s a supply and demand business and as our properties are getting more desirable we have more demand, limited supply, we’re able to drive rents.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would add to this, are we looking for other opportunities within the portfolio? Absolutely. Do we have a number of things that we hopefully believe we can do to create incremental opportunities? We do, but it’s going to be approached with the same discipline and the same rigor of analysis, so we don’t do something that’s stupid.
Rick Sokolov: But I would also say Michael, one of the things that we focus on a lot is the asset liability match and ours is primarily a 10-year lease business. So 10-year debt is primarily the sweet-spot of where we’re going to do most of our financing. But I’d also tell you, go back and look at our weighted average cost-to-debt over the last four years, it’s come down 15 basis points, 20 basis points a year. That opportunity is certainly still out there for the next couple of years, the markets are in really good shape right now. And I would also tell you that one of the reasons that you’re hesitant to do a large liability management trade is that the forward curve tends to overestimate where rates end up about 90% of the time. And David mentioned in his remarks the fragility of the consumer in the economy. It’s hard to envision a scenario in the near-term where rates are going to run crazy, because I don’t think the economy would continue to grow in a substantial rising credit environment.
Steve Sterrett: Alex, this is Steve. I just add one comment, because you asked about the differences between new leases and releasing and interestingly enough we have the ability to parse the data and look at it and componentize it. And the spread is pretty much on top of each other, whether it’s a new lease or a release. So, which I think echoes David’s comment about the portfolio is just under market and whether it’s the existing tenant and us reaching an agreement with them to stay in the space or whether it’s remarketing it to another tenant. We’re getting market rent for that space now.
Steve Sterrett: Jeremy, this is Steve Sterrett. Couple of things, because the income statement has been reclassified and the Washington Prime assets are all in, discontinued operations, I do think the P&L for the quarter reflects a good run rate for the existing Simon portfolio. So I would say that’s fine. The one caveat, David mentioned it earlier, is we did spend incremental dollar in the second quarter related to the role out of our branding campaign and that lumpiness won’t occur quite the same way in the future.
Steve Sterrett: Yeah, I’ll go ahead, the home office and regional costs, the variance both year-over-year and sequentially with the first quarter is all one-time stuff. Some of it is related to the Washington Prime transaction, where we vested some equity and recorded the costs for people who are now Washington Prime employees. Some of it was incentive compensation, some bonuses that were paid for mid-level people here in the organization who worked very hard on the Washington Prime transaction. And…
Steve Sterrett: No, and that’s why I used the term mid-level. And then some of it is retirement related costs relative to the change in leadership at the premium outlet group that David mentioned.
Steve Sterrett: Did your liability management people prompt you to ask that question? Are you allowed to talk to them?Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: There’s a big Chinese wall.
Steve Sterrett: Okay. Just checking. Well, Michael, I mean, it’s fair and I do think if you look at the expiration, the debt maturity schedule, one of the things you see is that the next couple of years out, we’ve got the opportunity to continue to roll down rates. It is something that we look out on a regular basis. But listen, it’s essentially trading dollars, because there are make holes or yield maintenances in virtually every debt instrument that we have. So, but there are other ways that you can potentially hedge your bets a bit, whether it’s going out and doing treasury locks or whatever. So we do look at it. And we are as aggressive as we can be. Andy would tell you that we pay every debt instruments that is open to par date and we’re managing that as aggressive as we can.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Understanding that there is a curve aspect of this, but what is your sort of contemplate as you think about the next 2.5 years in this debt rolling? Where you sort of want to move that in your schedule? Because obviously it’s like 100 basis points is over $0.20 a share, right? And clearly where you are on a 10-year basis today, you would be at probably 3% to 3.3%. So how should we think about how you want to roll that debt? Are you going to – what is that average term, 5 years, 7, 10, 15…? I’m just trying to get a…
Richard Sokolov: Well, the property is frankly growing extraordinarily well. And in fact, right now we are in the process of adding a new flagship Zara, American girl. We are adding a completely new food hall with other restaurants. And I’ll let Nordstrom’s statement speak for itself, but we are very excited about our replacement strategy for that box. And, in fact, there will probably be announcements forthcoming in the very near future that will show you what we have in mind there and we believe it’s going to be a substantially positive addition to the property.
Richard Sokolov: Ben, the one thing that we did back when we announced Washington Prime, we told you that it would accelerate our same-store NOI by 30 bps, but that’s the extent of the update, we have not given a forecast for comp NOI for the rest of the year.
Richard Sokolov: It’s going to, look, our leasing trend right now is continuing unabated. And David pointed out, if you look, we are signing new leases at $66. We’ve got expiring leases at $41. It’s going to be around, you are talking about the spread?Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Yes. I’m thinking, Rick, the actual occupancy costs numbers. So that new rent that you are getting at $60 plus as a percent of sales.
Richard Sokolov: Overall, for the body of work we are doing, that is going to basically be right around the same number and maybe moving up a touch based on the…
Richard Sokolov: We saw that Apple has still got $120 billion of cash, so we’ve some – we’ve got ways to go.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: So question, David, on Klépierre, BNP had to pay the U.S. government $9 billion fine. They are still sitting with a big stake in Klépierre and I’m just curious, whether you as Simon, you as Klépierre, or you in conjunction with the third-party investor have gone to them and sort of said, hey, look, you are sitting here with $1.5 billion in this company, we can provide you some liquidity to pay your fine.
Andrew Rosivach – Goldman Sachs: Second quarter over second quarter true comp, okay. And then let me ask you a sales question that actually does matter.
Andrew Rosivach – Goldman Sachs: I’m assuming it’s part of the Washington Prime spend. You spent some time thinking about what the growth could be on a multi-year basis because let’s face it, if sales really are flat or they are even negative for three years or five years, that actually does matter. And maybe if you could share a multi-year view I think it would be really helpful to the market.
Andrew Rosivach – Goldman Sachs: Well, that’s not – that easy, right, just even if sales stays flat you can say where it’s going to go. But do you have any thought of where sales are going to go. Any thoughts on looking at the last 12 months, not being representative of what were you really think that the tenants can drive their sales going forward in the next two or three years.
