David E. Simon: Well, look, we're not going to get into discussions that we have with our individual retailers. We have a good relationship with Sears. We expect, over time, for a number of those properties to be reclaimed or redeveloped, but nothing really to report beyond that. And look, we do think there's value there. We'll be conservative in how we value the real estate and how we look at it. But I think, over time, it will provide an opportunity for the company.
David E. Simon: Well, look, it's safe to say that we would -- every international development that we've done in the Outlet business has had double-digits return in the 15%-on-average range. We would expect that that's kind of the hurdle we're shooting for. In any event, we would expect those to be at least double digits. Brazil, generally, we think the market can support in the 10 to 14 opportunities initially. Cost of those will, on average, be in the $100-million-plus range. As you know, we are partners 50-50 with BR Malls. That gives you the scope of the situation. In China, right now, our focus is on one particular development and that we're going through the numbers on that. It's a little bit early to give you kind of the scope of magnitude of that, but we think it's a great site having visited it personally. It's a great opportunity for the company. The demand from the retailers is very strong. China is -- you got to be extra cautious there. We've had an experience where we learned a lot in China. But generally, I think it will be consistent with the build in what we've done in Korea and what we've done in Japan. Cost of construction, land values are all kind of the same there, but I don't want to pin those numbers down just yet.
David E. Simon: Correct, that's correct. And we've got currently -- so that's over an extended period of time. We've got one site identified in São Paulo. We're not in the position to disclose that yet. If all goes according to plan, we have the chance of opening that in late '13, but more likely early '14. And then we're currently evaluating another 4 additional sites. So that 10 to 4 (sic) 14 is over an extended period of time, but we've got 1. We're very close to moving forward on and then another 4 of that are further along than that.
David E. Simon: Well, I did mention that. You may not have picked it up. I mean, we've had some very good beginning discussions with the senior team there. We've owned the stock for 6 weeks, so you have to put it in perspective that their senior management team is actually coming here next week. But we're going to coordinate certain retail leasing at the Shopping Center Convention coming up in May in the U.S. -- Shopping Center Convention. So it's early days on that front, but it's safe to say that there are 3 or 4 areas of focus for us: operational synergies; leasing synergies; cash flow enhancement, all of that in one category; capital allocation in another category. Along with that is what assets should they be involved in? Where should the focus be? What countries our long-term holds, then balance sheet management and then investment divestiture decision. So all of those are kind of the 3 or 4 buckets that where we're focused on, both as directors and as shareholders, and the cooperation has been excellent. There's nothing so far that, in our short involvement, that has caused any concern for us. Look, Europe has got some macro headwinds. We knew that going in. The fact of the matter is, these opportunities surface when the going is tough, but we're in this for the long haul. And we think it's a very good platform that we can help continue to move in the right direction, and actually have bottom line impact improvement on. But that's going to take time.
David E. Simon: No. Sure. I mean, I'm Chairman of the Board. And like I said, yes, we're very involved, not just me, but my team as well.
David E. Simon: I'm looking at Rick and the answer -- we're just making sure we're both saying no. The answer is no, not really. We think the returns, in order to really induce the full-price guys with the cost of development, are just too skinny still. Demand is still not quite there. And the fact of the matter is, with our redevelopment pipeline, we got great stuff going on, I mean, really good stuff going on. And with our development or our Premium Outlet development, we are under construction. Let me just reinforce this. We are under construction in Phoenix. We are under construction in Toronto. We are under construction in Korea and Japan. We're looking at a couple other areas. We're busy, and these are all very good returns that we are building new too. So at this point, why chase full-price retail at lower returns when we got our plate full of assets.
David E. Simon: Well, just on the first point, Michael, that's what I do, okay? So the one thing that I think amazes folks given the scope of this company is that, that's what we do. Rick looks at whether we're getting market value on a new Gap lease. I mean, as weird as it sounds, that's just what we do. So I still think a $2 billion investment ought to warrant my serious attention. So that's just what we do. We've got -- we've added a few people to help. We added Contis. We added Fivel so we could leverage a little bit, my time and Rick's time to do it. But that's what we do. We sweat the details. That's all we know how to do, and we don't see changing from that. And I view -- look, the thing about Klepierre, it's got a portfolio. Its share of this is not quite that. It's about EUR 14 billion. But the portfolio that it overseas is EUR 16 billion. That's a big opportunity for us. And Europe is in a state of flux, which is an even better opportunity for us ultimately to reinforce our company's position as a global brand, and there are great benefits to being global. Many of our -- if you look at our peer group in the S&P 100, and I just read you a few names, they're all global. Our retailers are going global. And I think it's great, great opportunity. It's a great potential platform for us to really have a significant presence there and create kind of a sister or fully integrated Simon company over there. We've never had that opportunity. I don't know that this can be that, but it's certainly worth the opportunity. And I think coming in at below NAV, even with all the macro headwinds, I don't see how we'd lose. But it's possible we do, but we don't. But when I go through this list of companies in our similar cap range, News Corp, Nike, Colgate-Palmolive, Lilly, Starbucks, Ford, Disney, Union -- well, Union Pacific isn't because it's all railroad, Boeing, they're all international global companies. And I think it's important for us to be in that spot. And so look, Flowers, one of the great value financial investors there is, is moving to London because of European opportunity. So this is a great platform. We'll see where it develops. It potentially could go -- it could end here. On the other hand, we could take this investment and make it something special. And I have no problem as long as our shareholders are rewarded along that process and sharing the wealth.
David E. Simon: Well, look, there are more and more international retailers landing in Brazil and dealing with the tariffs. And certainly from a customer point of view, if we can land those tenants and deliver more value to the customer, then -- that's why I think we feel like these outlets will be very successful. It will not have the percentage of international grounds like China, Japan or Korea will because of that particular issue. While we think there's enough there -- and with the Brazilian retailers as well to populate those centers. And there's been one kind of outlet that's been built there and it was successful. I think you're going to have to go small, do this in phases. But I think, over time, you'll have more international penetration.
David E. Simon: Well, I think that -- look, it depends on the retailer. I mean, we were, as you know, partners with Ocean and their business model has been very successful and they continue to do very good business. Carrefour, as you know, is a big partner, so to speak, with Klepierre. And they've gone through some fits and starts in terms of where they want to go. I think they've got new leadership. It sounds like they are back to focusing on being very price competitive and that, we think, will drive traffic, and we think ultimately will help us with the Galleries, which we own. And it's very interesting, Quentin, just you know because you got a funny accent. But the hypermarkets there, they're disappointed when they do EUR 80 million to EUR 100 million, whereas if we have a department store or anybody that did EUR 80 million to EUR 100 million in our shopping center, we'd be very thrilled. So it's all relative. I have all the confidence in the world with where Carrefour is going that they'll continue to be a very worldwide class retailer.
David E. Simon: Well, I think what you would read into that is that we're probably not long-term owners of the 3 assets that are still owned by TMLP. One of those, actually we're evaluating that and that is we're hopeful that, over time, we can reposition that asset, but a couple of them were probably not long-term owners.
David E. Simon: It probably wouldn't matter all that much, but I don't have that in front of me. But I'd give you a sense of this. It's probably a 75 to 25 split, roughly, to give you a sense of order of magnitude, out of 100. Next call, we can get really specific, but I don't have it entirely in front of me. But I think that gives you the general nature of it.
David E. Simon: Well, I think the good news is that, that market seems to be firming up. There's more players in it. And so I think, historically, Paul, we've always wanted to call the portfolio. As you know, that's been a relatively tough exercise. But with now Starwood hasn't closed yet, but assuming it closes, you've got a couple other players out there that are looking to invest. I would expect us to continue to play in that game. We did sell one mall at the end of -- it really actually closed at the very beginning of this year, Gwinnett Mall in Atlanta. So we are -- we would expect to do that. I think there are more players there and that's the good news. We're trying to understand what their strategy is going forward, and I'm sure we'll, over time, continue to cull the portfolio to some extent.
David E. Simon: Well, look, the outlet business, Klepierre has no involvement in. So I don't view that as any particular conflict. I think it gives us a great opportunity. There are so many options on the table for us now that we've got -- have an investment in a very fine company like Klepierre. Other way, they're very good developers. They build great product. I encourage you to look at some of the stuff that they've built. I mean they're a first-class organization. We think we can respectfully add to that, but they're not -- they're damn good on their own. And I think as we look at opportunities, we'll sit with them and say, okay, what makes sense. So it could be within Klepierre. It could be in a joint venture with Klepierre or it could be completely on our own. But we certainly want to see Klepierre, our investment in Klepierre appreciate. I mean that's the #1 goal. And I just will say, on the outlet side, that we -- they have no presence in that. That's really not something that they're really going to do, and I would view that as kind of a separate path for us to look at what our opportunities there are in that sector.
David E. Simon: Well, we really didn't talk about that too much, and Brazil is -- I think we want to get our feet wet in Brazil, do it a little bit more methodically. The values there, calling up a tremendous amount, and BR Malls is a big company, okay. And then you get into the currency risk, though it seems that their currency seems to only appreciate versus the dollar, but put that aside. So there's lots of issues there, but we really never got into that kind of dialogue. At this point, we're focused just on building out the outlet, the platform with them.
David E. Simon: And I think so, and look, remember we had exposure in Europe. And I almost view this as kind of replacing what we had. Yes, we put a little bit more money in it, but with a better company with better growth, long-term growth prospects even though the world is a little wacky there, a proven organization, lots of optionality on where to take that organization, a way to hedge our currency investment because we can borrow in euros. So there's all sorts of math associated with it that works a little bit easier than in Brazil. Just a quick response. I mean, it's a very complicated question, but just a quick response to your question.
David E. Simon: Well, it's obviously just a big, big market and a very complicated market, but what's driving us, it's very simple. The international brands are just -- they're kicking ass there. And just -- if we can get an outlet built in the right location, we're very confident we can lease it up. And we have, we think, partnered with a good person to partner with. But we still have to prove the math, prove the ability to make the numbers work and all that. And it's just a big complicated market. And they take -- when they like something, they just build it, as you know, right? So supply and demand sometimes is not as thoughtful there as it might be in other more mature markets. So we just got to make sure that we can make money doing these things. So I think doing 1 or 2, thereabouts, is probably the right way to go for us right now.
David E. Simon: Well, I'm surprised it took that long to bring up. But look, St. Louis is a good opportunity to build an outlet center. I'll just say this, when we get approvals, we will build an outlet center in St. Louis. We don't have approvals yet. We expect them in the near future, but we will build there. And we're very confident in our ability to lease it and provide a very good return for our shareholders. So we've got to get approvals. That's the only road block that I see in terms of our building the center.
David E. Simon: 60% committed, so that's all systems go. Toronto, there's been a lot of discussion. We're wildly excited about that. That's under construction.
David E. Simon: We've got -- we're working closely with the town, but Woodbury is really -- could be really exciting. It's the best outlet in the world. And what we're thinking about doing there working, obviously, closely with the town. But assuming we make progress and get some approvals there, I think we take that asset up to yet another level.
David E. Simon: Well, let me say this, we are never too proud to learn from anyone. And in fact, they're a very accomplished company, so I would expect us to learn a lot from them. And I think that's absolutely part of the order. I mean, part of our investment philosophy is we're going to learn a lot from them in terms of how they run the business and operate. And it's all part of being a global company in that you take a little bit of everything that you learn across the world and you make everything you have across the world a little bit better, and that can drive the needle. So I would hope, and I would expect that they could actually show us a few things here. So that's very important that I say that. And at the end of the day, if we can add value there, that's fine too because our shareholders will benefit from our investment. And I mean, that's just part of -- it is a little bit risky to go into Europe right now, so we had to weigh that in a sense against taking on the whole enchilada and what's the best way for us from a capital allocation point of view. So those are the trade-offs. And I think we're satisfied today kind of where we're at.
David E. Simon: At this point, no, but we do have the ability to add a senior management person to the management board there. And I think that, over time, as we assess what the areas where we could be most beneficial, we'll figure out what that -- who that person might be. And I think that will develop over the next few months. So I do think there will be the opportunity there. We do have our Vice President of International Operations basically coordinating and liaising, I think is the word, right, our activities there. He'll be in the office there, so we would hope to have some input on that kind of basis.
David E. Simon: Well, we don't look at it that way. When we're an equity investor, we have $2 billion at risk. We don't have $4 billion at risk, so I'd argue that completely with you. But let's put that aside. Your question, again, I lost it.
David E. Simon: Well, look, you can do the math. I mean, it's a public company. But it is accretive, certainly, to lower yield given where we -- what the multiple we bought it at versus our multiple and where our cost of funding was for the deal.
David E. Simon: No, absolutely not. Look, I don't think that, that -- when you look at the properties and how their merchandise is mixed, I'm not -- I don't think that changes the consumer behavior. What's going to change consumer behavior is where the economy goes and whether that's better under Hollande or Sarkozy is up for debate. I'm certainly not in the position to say who's better at what. But what fascinates me about Europe and what they're going through is the one thing that I will say is that with respect to Europe, at least they're tackling their deficit problems. David, you're very familiar with what's going on in the U.K. You can certainly argue it's too much or too soon or however they're doing it, but we're in complete denial here.
David E. Simon: Sure. But at some point, that changes. So look, I'm not losing sleep about the French elections, and in fact, nor the U.S. elections in a sense that I think the economies of both can overcome bad politics. Look at the -- we could argue about the level of recovery, but the fact of the matter is you can't keep the American business environment and the American entrepreneur down. We want to grow, we will grow. And look, I don't view that the French economy all that different.
David E. Simon: Well, at some point, not every quarter. We're still chasing our taxable income. So the answer is, at some point, we'll catch up. But I shouldn't really say more than that, other than at some point it will -- we're still chasing it. At some point, we'll catch up, but we're still chasing it.
David E. Simon: I mean, there's a lot that goes into it, especially with asset composition changing. But put that aside, I mean the fact is, our earnings are really growing and our dividends really got to grow.
David E. Simon: And I would -- look, Nate, I would also just add that, look, sales are important, but it -- there is also, I mean, let's face it, everything is going well, we're running the business better. You can always get better, but there's still a number of retailers that are having margin pressure or comp sales pressures. And that puts pressure on our business and so that's why the spreads aren't -- not everybody in the retail world is hitting on all cylinders. And they may have margin pressures which puts pressure. We want them in the center or we don't have backups right away. So there's still -- obviously, our average is really important because of the size and they give you a real good indication. But the reason it's not $8 or $10 is because there is a handful of retailers that are important in the portfolio that are under margin pressures or sales pressures. And instead of just telling them, "Get lost," we're still working with them as they try to improve their business.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I'm not going to really comment on this other potential site other than to say there are a lot of merits to our site and, Nate, we're opening next year, okay. We don't have to get any approvals, we're done, we're under construction and we'll lease the center, so I don't know what else I can tell you other than that. And you can draw your own conclusions. We're done, we're moving and we have no worries.
David E. Simon: Well, I certainly don't use oligopoly as any -- by any stretch of imagination. I mean, retail, if you want to hear my -- I'll save you a lot of diatribe here, but retail is really competitive. Malls compete with all sorts of retail, online, strip centers, Lifestyle centers. So that may be your view of the world. It's not mine because we -- it is really a competitive industry across the board and it's tough, very tough. So the more the people want to come into the business and put capital into it, I think the better for us. I'm not sure I answered your question. Look, at the end of the day, operating your real estate is -- the key to success in retail real estate primarily is to contract at the sale [ph] office. Has been operating it better versus buying it, right, and then finding the right time that cap rates are x and waiting for cap rates to move in your favor. That's not always the case. But generally, unlike office where it's really more of a potential timing where it can help. So the answer for a lot of those folks is just how do they operate it? And can they operate it effectively? And if they can, maybe they'll make money, which I think is -- which is good. It attracts more capital. Institutionally, and Steve can comment on it, I mean, institutionally, the level of interest from deep money institutional investors in high-quality retail assets has never been higher and price is secondary because they look at the returns -- I shouldn't say price, going in yield is a secondary consideration. It's really the growth of the NOI. And I mean, it's never been higher, frankly. But again, the need for us to look at that source of capital is not critical, but it's never been higher.
David E. Simon: No. Look, I think we're good enough to know what we believe in, in the future and what is better in other people's hands in terms of just a poor allocation of our human resources. And sometimes, it's okay to sell and let somebody redevelop it just because we've got enough to do and we want to allocate our resources elsewhere. So I think we can handle that issue in particular. And I said I like the fact that there's more people coming into that market, might lead to a few more sales from us over a period of time.
David E. Simon: Sure. I mean, it would have to be subject to approval of their board without us participating. But certainly, sure. I wouldn't say -- yes, absolutely. I mean, if we had a development or acquisition and we could certainly partner. It would have to be approved by the board without our involvement, but sure.
David E. Simon: Well, I'll let Rick start. But you're 100% right. It's been a source of frustration for us. I mean, we were working on some plans when we bought Mills in April of '07, right. Those got derailed by the '09 crunch. They're back up and running. We have real confidence in that. Otherwise, we wouldn't have bought. That was ahead of our bigger deal with Farralon. Rick, this is Contis's baby. He's not here to tell you about it because it might take 10 minutes. But Rick can give you the highlights of what we're doing, and we would hope definitively to really start this thing next year. But let Rick, can give you the high level.
David E. Simon: And the only thing I'd say, given the size of the property, it's going to be in a couple of phases. But the first phase we would hope to start in '13.
David E. Simon: And also that includes the Japan -- some of the Japan expansions and all those are -- in Japan, they're all basically, and in Korea, they're all percentage rent deals. So we've had great success there. The one thing on our...
David E. Simon: And one thing just to keep everybody in perspective, when I mentioned all these assets, our international outlets on average do about 1,000 a foot. And those are not in the numbers that I stated at the end of my prepared remarks.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, it's hard to know exactly where we are and what we're doing, but look, I think, as I said to you that what we have done there and what the company, all the assets and intangibles that the company, the company being Klepierre, possess I think just gives us tremendous amount of optionality on the whole of Europe, and we'll see where that goes.
David E. Simon: Not yet because we do that once we start construction, but I would say to you, Brazil -- I said it a little bit earlier, I mean, we would expect them to be consistent with kind of mall yields there, double digits. And China, we would expect that to be consistent with our Asian development, which have all been in the mid-teens. But we'll give more clarity to that once we start construction on something.
David E. Simon: Not really. We view them as 2 separate distinct markets. Arizona Mills is more of an infill project. It's actually weathered the Phoenix situation pretty well, the Phoenix economy pretty well. And we think they'll hopefully be a little bit complementary, and we'd expect given the infill location and the fact that the outlet will probably drive more tourism where Arizona Mills is probably more -- considered more of a regional mall in the sense in terms of less tourism that they'll both be able to prosper as the economy continues to improve.
David E. Simon: It's certainly more of a challenge than it is here, but we have had some success in our previous European investments in doing that. And what's interesting, it's changed a lot in that the retailers are now much more global than the ones that we deal with in the U.S. and in Europe. So I'm hopeful that it won't be as easy as it is here in doing that. I mean, when we buy something that we don't own, it's a pretty easy transition. There, it's going to take more time, but I think the opportunity exists.
Richard S. Sokolov: I would just underline David's point. If you look in our 8-K and see where our renovations are and where we're adding anchors and department stores, it's throughout the portfolio, and we're increasing market share across the board and that is enabling us to drive that pricing. And to underline -- quantifying David's point on the square footage, when you look at our sales and our statistics, that's on the basis of almost 60 million square feet. So there is no way for outliers to influence that. It's a broad operational trend that we're reflecting.
Richard S. Sokolov: And I would say to you just on the other way, if you like, there's no doubt that the relationships that we've created in dealing with the H&Ms and the ZARAs and the Legos are going to stand up some very good stead because we're just now an incrementally more important part of their global footprint, which is what we have always aspired to be.
Richard S. Sokolov: In fact, it's throughout the portfolio. And if you just keep track of what we've done in the 8-K, this quarter, we've got 51 anchors that are being added throughout the various platforms, and that's up from the 30 that we've listed in the fourth quarter '11. And on top of that, we're on another 38 anchors. Target is still looking for opportunities. We're adding them at Coddingtown. We're adding them at South Hills in Pittsburgh. And we have a number of other opportunities that we're discussing with them, but also with a whole range of other potential users. We've added Arhaus Furniture. We opened a new Lord & Taylor. We're opening Macy's at Gurnee. We're opening Last Call Neiman Marcus at Ontario. So it's across the board. And we're working with supermarkets. We're opening Fresh Market at The Falls. We're opening Wegmans in Montgomery Mall in Montgomery County in Philadelphia, Earth Fare in Hamilton. So we're across the board and there's still a great deal of interest and we have opportunities because in a lot of instances, we're moving out weaker anchors and replacing them with stronger ones.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, it's throughout the portfolio. Again, we don't like to categorize A, Bs and Cs. It's throughout the portfolio. When you look at the scope of what we've been doing and just we've identified every one, you can see it's throughout across the quality spectrum.
Richard S. Sokolov: So there is the hearing on the 9th and the final hearing is on May 21. And then we can start the development at the site.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes, yes. That could start in late this year. And we also have Merrimack Middle East over by Dubai. It's opening on June 14 and it's 100% leased. And we have Texas City that's opening in October. And that's substantially leased and what gets lost...
Richard S. Sokolov: In all the expansions that we're doing in some of the -- that's outlet centers in the world. The outlet -- Premium Outlets is under construction, opening in June of next year. Chicago Premium Outlets, we're expanding. Desert Hills Premium Outlets is starting next month. We are expanding Orlando Premium Outlets, down by Disney to third quarter this year. We're expanding Woodbury. And we're expanding Las Vegas - North Downtown, and that's starting in October of this year. Well, those 6 expansions combined, there are probably 2 or 3 additional new products adding square footage as the most productive outlet centers pretty much in the world.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. There are a couple of things that are relevant in evaluating the spreads. One, if you look at the growth in our average rent, it has been going up considerably every quarter. Secondly, we are building into our leases annual increases in rent. If you go back historically, before we did that, when a lease expired, you had a much lower base rent because we weren't getting consistent guaranteed bumps in minimum rent over the term of the lease. And that has been a major advantage for us in order to take the risk of tenant performance out of our financial matrix. And when you look at the spreads that we're having, build that in, it's been a considerable benefit.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes. We're basically 60% committed now and leases that are going, Banana, Brooks, Cole Haan, Converse, Gap, Levi, Nike, Puma. We talked about The Bay, Under Armour, Calvin Klein, Hugo Boss, Michael Kors. It's going to be an outstanding selection of retailers and we're going to create what is going to be the unique Premium Outlet environment in that market.
Richard S. Sokolov: Just a couple of bullet points. One, you can change everything about a property other than where it is, and it's in a great, great market that is really underserved by fashion retailing. We've got interest from a couple of fashion anchors. We've got great support from the city and we're looking at a total redevelopment of the property that would substantially change its character by keeping some of the existing anchors, replacing some of the anchors, adding anchors and the best thing is we've got substantial demand from retailers and restaurants. So there's a lot to do. We're spending a great deal of time on it. We have people based out there that are working on it on a constant basis, and we're very optimistic we're going to be able to do it.
Richard S. Sokolov: I think you need to focus. Arizona Mills is almost 1.3 million square feet. It's got a substantial entertainment component with a theater and sea life. It has a number of tenants that are, as David said, regional mall-type tenants. There's a Penney outlet. There's Forever 21, there's H&M. So it really is focused on a much broader market. And while there will be some overlap, it's a relatively small percentage of the square footage in the merchants of Arizona Mills.
Stephen E. Sterrett: David, we left $1 billion U.S. out on our line dominated in euros, so we're 50% hedged on our equity investment.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's Steve. There clearly is a correlation between your dividend growth and your FFO growth. It's not a perfect correlation because, as an example, in an acquisition, we may get a step up in assets, which allows more depreciation expense. So you may not have as much taxable income growth as you do FFO growth, but there is a high correlation.
Stephen E. Sterrett: They were not, Rich. Under the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, when you make an equity investment, you capitalize those expenses, so they've been capitalized as part of the investment in Klepierre line.
Stephen E. Sterrett: There were no -- we did not record any results associated with Klepierre in the first quarter, Rich. So that's organic activity related to the portfolio.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, there's -- we have a number of venture properties in very, very good markets that have been benefiting from the influx in visitors and that's what you're seeing. We've had great sales programs.
Stephen E. Sterrett: In fact, that's a good point, David, because part of the results driving the JV line, Rich, are if you remember, last year, was the earthquake in Japan, so we had much better results coming out of Japan first quarter of '12 compared to '11.
Richard C. Moore: Okay, all right. Good. And then, on Del Amo, that has always struck me as very good real estate. I used to live out there in that area. And yet nothing has ever -- nothing seems to ever come on that asset.
Richard C. Moore: Yes, good. And then a couple quick questions for Steve. Were there any acquisition expenses this quarter? I mean, I can't figure out where they might be. I thought they might be in G&A, but I didn't see anything in there.
Richard C. Moore: So why would those be so high? They seemed abnormally high. Maybe I'm missing something, but they seemed unusually high.
