David Simon: Well, you know, Craig again, I think, I'd implore you and other people that covers just, you got to look at it differently. We are in – some of the numbers that I gave you need to be factored in. So, we started, our enterprise in a $165 million of funds from operation. Today, we have 4.3 billion. We have 48% of our business in the Mall business and when we started it was 90% through 95%. So, there's always disruption in our industry, department store spaces that we reclaim either through lease termination or acquisition, we think will be beneficial in the long run. There are down-times associated with that and like I said, well – that's all kind of manageable for a company like ours, and we give you the best sense of our guidance, and it is kind of all factored in there within this range that we hope to produce. We have obviously a history unrivaled frankly, I think, about beating expectations. We'll see this year. We've got a lot going on. So I don't – we're not going to zeroing about one particular property, one particular tenant, one particular issue because you got to look at us on a broader basis. We're a little bit different.
David Simon: Well, first of all, Michael thank you for recognizing some of our achievements. Over the last 25 years I mean we do – we try to explain the company maybe we're not very good at it, to our best of our abilities we're a little bit different because of some of those factors. But obviously, Michael, I'm not going to comment on any specific company. We tried to do a deal with Macerich long time ago that's, as I've said before yesterday's news. We're glad to partner with them in Carson, which is moving forward and but I'm not going to comment on any deal we may or may not do or any particular company. We have no plans currently to do kind of M&A activity and we're very focused on what we've got in front of us. We're excited about the continuation of the evolution of the mall industry the way it's been evolving for 60 plus years. We are excited about our outlet business in the international, breadth and depth that it has. And as I mentioned in my calls you know we had leading sales per square foot in every platform. So we've got plenty to do and we have no plans at all to think about anything and we're focused on executing the vast amount of activity that we have.
David Simon: Well, maybe I'll just start and Rick can chime in. Look, I do think on the retail front, the strong are getting stronger. It's – as you've seen by numbers throughout the retail community, the days of a rising economic boat don't lift – or tide don't lift all retail boats. And you've had a lot of over – outperformance and a lot of underperformance. The underperformance, I can talk off-line on a theory of why that is, but I don't want to bore you. And there are some retailers out there that were nervous about. I mean, so far in the first quarter, bankruptcies are trending lower than they were in 2017 and 2018. However, there's some rumored names out there that could ultimately end up being a similar 2017 and 2018. 2018, as we said and as we look and anticipated 2018, we thought it would be less than 2017. We were ended up being right there. But I do think there will be more bankruptcies to come in 2019. And that's why we're relatively conservative as we look at our comp NOI. Because, look, it takes time to – it's a little bit out of our control when we get the space, and then to do a lease takes time. And even though as much as we anticipate it, we – would just take time to lease the space. So I mean, we have our work cut out. We are concerned about a few retailers. That should shake out in Q1. But I think the retailers that are investing in their product, in their store experience, in their branding were having decent results. So physical retail can produce good results, but it can't be distracted with a lot of other activities. And obviously, as you know, we've had a number of retailers. The list is long, the landscape is littered of leveraged buyouts in our industry that we continue to sort through. So that, I hope, answered the first question. On the second one, look, we're very close to launching this platform. And if these things always – it's a little bit like building something, but it's not quite as certain, it's more like to building internationally, where you think you're going to open in Q3, it goes to Q4, then goes to Q1. We've had a couple of those in maybe Spain and Mexico, where it happens, delay a quarter there. So it – I would expect us to launch. It will affect, I mean, again, I mean, we're going to – you see our numbers, it will be – the earnings impact to it will be, I think, completely on the margin. I hope the market appreciates that. But because we don't have a set date yet on when that might happen, we're not going to put it in our numbers. And then if we launch it, we'll show it to you. We will say, oh, boy, that's worth a shot. It's not a big deal. It's a couple of cents here and there. And it's an unbelievable investment in our future, and we'll see where it goes. So we expect that to happen, but a little bit – we just don't know exactly when we'll launch, so we've been hesitant to say, it's a Q1 or Q2 or Q3 debut. So again, in summary, with the retailers are focused on product, brand, service, they're doing better, that they're leveraged. We have an investment in their business, overinvested in e-commerce, struggling. Leveraged buyouts were not ultimately beneficial, by and large, to our business. That's kind of working its way out of the system. And we are excited about our fifth platform. We expect it to debut, but when and how is a little bit up in the air, so we'll just keep it at that. We'll keep it off the table for now. But when we do, we'll share it with you. Again, I think we're pretty transparent. I mean, the reason – I guess, when you take a step back and think about our company, we're not – we got all these assets. We got all these business. It's all international. It's outlets. So if we got as granular as you wanted, it would waste your time and waste our time. So again, just – you've got to kind of think of us a little bit differently that we're not these handful of assets here and there yet. And that's why we tried to give you a broader, bigger picture of what we're all about and what we expect during next year or this year.
David Simon: Actually, I think we've never been busier on the alternative uses. We got a list in the 8-K that shows you what's been approved, but that doesn't – I think, essentially, that pales in comparison to the future activity. I'll just – three off the top of my head, Steve, that are massive mixed-use projects, include Northgate, which we have made a deal with the NHL franchise in Seattle, to do their corporate office as well as their practice facility and ice facilities for the general public. We have Brea, which we have a reclaimed department store space that is in the process of permitting to do a massive amount of residential. Same thing with Stonebridge in California, so those aren't even on our list. We, obviously, had a significant redevelopment. We're feeling the pressure what we're going through in our portfolio. So I would say by and large, when we're looking at these spaces, they're much more focused on changing the mix, adding additional elements. And then adding the wellness, fitness, restaurants, resi, hotels to kind of make it kind of a standard statement of live, work, play, et cetera. So rarely is it just small shops. And I would say, by and large, the vast majority has all those elements that I just mentioned. Do you, Rick, want to…
David Simon: Well, I mean, look, it's not redevelopment. I mean, it's not new development returns but I think our redevelopment efforts will be consistent in terms of return that we have over the last several years. I mean, it's certainly accretive to the value of the asset, otherwise, we wouldn't do it. And 6 to 10 is kind of the range, and a lot goes into that, Steve. But accretive to the value of the asset, otherwise, we're just not going to invest. I mean, the – we don't feel like we have to, because of the size and scope of the portfolio, we don't feel like we have to invest in an asset just to maintain it. That's not to say that we don't do appropriate maintenance investments, like a typical renovation and that kind of stuff. But we don't feel compelled to do it. We do it with the lens of what the consumer expects, what the retailer wants and what the value of that asset is in our minds. And that's when we pull the trigger. Our investment returns – and we haven't batted 1,000, as my favorite – I don't want to attribute because you may get mad at me. But I think our returns on investment have not been too shabby over our career.
David Simon: Good morning, out there is right, it’s – I want people to know it’s cold and snowing. But we are here.
David Simon: Well, it is, put it this way, we would not be doing what we're doing, if we didn't own the assets that we own then had the branding that we do and had the consumer touch point as well as the retailer touch points. So, it is absolutely unequivocally related, and we hope it will be synergistic between what we do today, and what we want to do in the future. So, we would not be doing it, if we didn't have the business that we're currently obviously involved in day to day. So, it is complementary and where it goes will be a function of our commitment to invest, our courage to invest, conviction and our ability to execute what we think might be a real interest.
David Simon: Well, there will be an investment period, but the reality is, yes, we think it will have a financial return associated with it, but it is a little bit, there isn't a serious investment period before we get to that point.
David Simon: Well, I do think the category that seems to be most sensitive to that today is clearly in the restaurant category. So, I do think those pressures are affecting decision-making. Now we haven't and I think that – it's interesting because they're very – those folks are very sensitive to location and to the extent that states have enacted minimum wage laws were higher than federal mandated numbers. It's got to be a really unique opportunity for the restaurant toward to do it, and thankfully we have most of those, but is it affecting the marginal deal in some of those states. I would have to say, yes, I don't necessarily see it on the, what I'd call, the soft goods apparel side. I haven't seen it in the wellness other side, but I think it's something to pay attention to and where we see it initially is in certain states and primarily when it comes to restaurants.
David Simon: Well, on the units, it was just – we have the right. So, by and large we believe in the growth of our business units. We have the ability when they want to convert to buy the cash. So, it's a pretty easy simple trade and we'll continue to do that as that happens. And there was a period of time in December, obviously, where the world was changing, I mean, obviously equities were being whipsawed around and we took advantage slightly, but we took advantage of that whipsawing.
David Simon: Look, I would only add to that. Look, the reality of how leasing works is that it does take time to lease space, right? It's not like we make a deal, we negotiate the lease, the retailer builds the store, blah-blah-blah. So with – and if you look the NOI growth, I mean, it's only – the comp NOI growth, it's only – it's being affected by some of these retailers that are going through this significant change. And we tend to work with them because at the end of the day, we tend to do it on a shorter-term basis. Because we know, ultimately, we have to re-lease the space to someone. So there is a little bit of supply and demand that we are working our way through, and that's – I think it's been manifesting itself in the numbers over the last year or so. We expect it to manifest itself in 2019 as well. But when it comes to a good property and a good space with a good retailer, we're making strides. But we're working with some of the ones that are going through their various restructurings, and that ultimately has some impact, certainly, in the short run.
David Simon: Well, look, unfortunately, in a lot of these areas that I mentioned earlier when Steve asked the question, there is real process about permitting. I mean, we could show you our permitting file, and you wonder whether it's – I'll refrain. But it is a process where you scratch your head sometimes, because all you're doing is making the asset better for the community and for everybody that lives there. But municipalities are, in a lot of areas, are – you got to go through a real process. We see it all the time. And we still see it in Long Island, as an example, on our project that we have to land and sign off it. I mean, we see it everywhere to go through. It's just a process. I would say to you, Jeremy, that holds us back more than anything, because if I had approvals in, like Brea, we would start and the King of Prussia, we will start. If we had approvals in Oyster Bay, we would start, but we don't. Stoneridge we would start. That to us is governor more than the balance sheet, though, I will say we respect our balance sheet, and we are very focused on it. I'd also say that – but I'd say the permitting is the biggest constraint. The second is, I mean, human resource constraint is not to be underappreciated, because everybody here is really hustling, very active. And pressure is intense here. And that comes as no surprise to most. I mean, that's more of a constraint as opposed to, boy, we can't make this investment, because we're too levered or we're worried about our cash flow generation or our maturities that are coming up. I mean, we don't do that. But I say that with all due respect, because the fact of the matter is if we didn't take that into account, we wouldn't be in the spot that we are in today. So we do take it into account. We just it by – it's just ingrained in the culture that we do it by osmosis.
David Simon: We didn't – I don't think we're giving guidance there. We don't have a big portfolio NOI because a lot of the new developments that generate that are acquisitions we're not planning on. And we had some delays in a couple of our international deals that I mentioned earlier. We have a reduction in that, because the German sale of HBS. So it's not going to be – it won't be the growth that we had, obviously, in 2018 were we had a more external activity. So part of – it will add incrementally, but it's not going to be like the spread between what we had in 2018, primarily because our developments, as I mentioned to you, have been delayed, and our new developments have been delayed. And again, we sold our HBS German business.
David Simon: Well, look, I think that the pressure – I mentioned it earlier. I mean, the pressure that we have is that we are still dealing with a handful of retailers that, for whatever reason, have to go through their various restructurings. Because we can't lease every space, every minute, we tend to work with them, and that does put pressure on our ADR. But it's moving in the right direction. I do think the cycle of the levered retailers is working its way through the system. And I think, Jeremy, at the end of the day, we to just like cleanse, I mean, we’re suffering the pain. I mean, 2% comp NOI is not – we're not ecstatic about it, but the primary factor in that is the retailers that are going through the various restructurings that we had. So I think, though, as that's cleansed, we'll get to that number. But retailers are very focused on their cost and their operating model. Stores continue to be their best investment and their best return. Obviously, there's a lot to talk about how profitable the Internet is and e-commerce and who's bearing the brunt of the investment and all that. I don't want to get into the psycho babble talk about that, but the reality is, because of a lot of investments they're making, they're looking at every expense category. And they're – we are having those discussions. They're not easy.
David Simon: Well, I'm not worried. Look, I think you – I think what we focus on is trying to make our product better as opposed to what levers we can pull to where we think we ought to trade at a better number than the next guy. I mean, if I took that philosophy, we'd be more levered. We'd be this. We'd be that. I don't look at it like that. I look at it, how do we make this company better day in and day out? So that's the focus. Why do I personally think that? I have no idea. You guys know better than I do. I always think, why aren't we, given our cash flow generation and our ability to make appropriate, strategic investments and our ability to withstand the restructuring that's been going on in the retail industry better than most, I don't know. If I had to tell you one thing, it's probably because people think we're going to buy something. And then when we tell people we not, they ask, why aren't you going to buy something? So I don't know. I don't sit here and obsess over it. We are focused on making this product better. People that get obsessed with where their stock price is, I think, end up making blunders. That's not a REIT statement. That's a corporate America statement. And that's the philosophy. I hope shareholders appreciate it. Maybe they don't, but that's how we operate the business. That's how, I think, our board thinks about it. How do we make our products better and our business better? When we do that, it tends to manifest itself in the earnings, and then we go from there. But I don't know. I mean, if I didn't answer your question, but I'm happy to hear what you – do you have any ideas, you tell me.
David Simon: I think we're budgeting pretty consistent numbers for our G&A next year. We don't see any major changes in that. I mean, I think we – the area that we're going to end up beefing up is in the area of mixed-use development. So we're going to be adding some bodies over time. But again it's – that's the other nice thing about the company. We still have the lowest overhead ratio by a large margin. I don't – I can't remember the numbers. It's 2, 2.5, right, to 10, 10 and 11 to other companies, basically your G&A to NOI roughly, right. So I mean, it's a staggering difference, okay. It's not like 100 basis points. It's like 700, 800 basis points. So I mean, that's not going to be anything out of the ordinary for us. But we are going to add some people in certain areas that we need to, to execute our vision on some of these redevelopments.
David Simon: We did not sell the outlet. Actually, Ochtrup, we actually bought a few years ago. What we sold was our – we're partners with Hudson Bay, among others, in addition to other institutional investors. We had the Kaufhof real estate investment that, because of the merger with Kaufhof and Karstadt, they wanted to also own the real estate. So they bought out the real estate interest in the department stores that Karstadt leased. And that's what triggered our $91 million gain. But it's not – we didn't sell an outlet.
David Simon: Well, we do not think it's our steady state, but we are – because of the redevelopment, we are – there is a significant amount of reduction in 2019 due to income that we received from certain department stores. And then it takes a year or two to build, and we're going to – we're suffering from that in 2019. So that's certainly part of it. And then the other part is, just what I mentioned earlier, just dealing with some of the retailers that have been continuing to go through a more difficult time. But no, we don't – I don't view 2%. No, 2% makes me – I mean, we try to give you a sense of where we're at, we hope to do better, but I do not under any circumstance think 2% is our steady-state.
David Simon: Well, I don't think you can go from that point to the next point, I mean, I think the retailers that have struggled by and large have had and again we have a list that, and I don't know, if I should, well, put it this way. We have a long list of retailers that have struggled, 80% to 90% of that list have been over levered, so they couldn't turn left or right. And you just can't have too much leverage in any industry and any business when things are – you run into an economic difficulty or you need to make investments, you just got – you have nowhere to go, and if I read you the list, you would, it might – it comforts me in one sense because we would stood this pretty successfully. On the other hand, I might scare you. So, I prefer not to scare you at this point, okay. But it's something that we've been able to withstand. And so, I think, that whole – that's where and the retailers have a vision and whether they're starting from the internet or just been around, but they've invested in their business and their product. We're seeing pretty good results. Let's look at the higher end luxury category, they don't have a lot of internet sales, they invest unbelievably in the store experience and then the product and whoops guess what they had great results. So, not overly complicated, the technology and some of the new concepts that we've seen out there that have been successful, usually it's a visionary leader. It's a visionary group that's dedicated to the business. They may have a little bit different angle on something that exist today. And they just execute it better than the next person. I mean, as an example, we're an investor in FabFitFun, which just raised $80 million from Kleiner Perkins and that's and that's basically a subscription business, which has been done before, but they just know how to do it better and more creatively and with better focus than maybe the next person. And that's always been the case in industries, right. There's somebody – there may be another idea, but the group takes that idea and then just does it a little better than the next person. So – I think the power of our industry is that we can withstand the ups and downs of a retailer – or retailers. There are points in time where it's painful as we go through that with them. But ultimately, whether they turn it around or not, if we get the space back, historically, we've been able to lease it to a better person. So that's what we've done. Now will give you a number that I probably shouldn't, but we tend to be on most retailers' unsecured creditors committees. We have somebody internally that's – he's been around as long as me, Rick, so he's – been through his time. He has – and this is – I think this is actually a great, positive statement about our industry and our business. But he is currently on his 200th, 200th unsecured creditors committee. Now okay, yes, that might say – holy cow, that makes you a little nervous. On the other hand, I mean, we did earn $4.3 billion. And my colleagues that's been on this committee, leasing committee, is on his 200th. So I think more importantly, it speaks to the resilience of our industry, our product and what the consumer really wants.
David Simon: Well, actually. Puerto Rico came in lower than we thought in 2018. So as a company of this size, we're always going to have some of that stuff. We don't really get into that level of detail. I mentioned some of the other items that we think will be lower this year, like resettlement income. We do think rates rising will have some impact negatively as well as the stronger dollar. Now some of that stuff is moving around. I mean, who knows how it all shakes out. So we'll – we are always going to have – I think that's another interesting thing about this company, is that we're able to create other income opportunities. We have some, but We don't really get into that level of detail. It's all kind of factored into our numbers.
David Simon: We do, and the number is $832. So we took – I asked, Tom, do people care about that NOI-rated number? And he said no, no one's ever called me or asked me, so we took it out. But the number is $832 a foot.
David Simon: Yes, we don't disagree. If people really like it, we are happy to put it back in, and they can call Tom.
David Simon: That's usually just the quarterly spread of how things go. Nothing's driving it. I mean, again, you need to look at the totality of the year and not quarter-by-quarter.
David Simon: No. I think we had a significant rise in utility cost and other items. So we're not just – you had some disposals that factored in there. I don't think it's anything material.
David Simon: I mean, that's what we do. I don't – there's no – I'd say the risk is – we don't feel like we are at – on the higher-risk plank than redeveloping a department store space than anything else.
David Simon: Look, we don't do that. I encourage you to think about our company a little bit differently, look at our history and realize that we're a very large company with a very – we don't get into that granular level of detail, and we would encourage you just to look at our history. And the fact that this is the number that we roll up, and we don't really get into that kind of detail.
David Simon: Well, I guess, if material enough to mention it, okay. But again I – we are not – we don't get into this – the granularity of these debates. We ask that you look at our track record and our ability to generate cash flow, I mean, as we did say…
David Simon: Again, so, I guess, and I answered it exactly how I would answer. In other words, we would mention it, if it was $12, okay, but we also wouldn't mention it, we would mention it, if it's material, but we don't – we're not going to, we don't give that number, it all goes into our buildup and, but we also don't want to make, I mean, and the purpose of not disclosing it is because we don't want to make excuses, a lot of companies say, next year is a throwaway year because I'm investing this that and the other, and we don't do that here. And that's – so the reality is, yes, we're going to have the best growth, I think, in the retail real estate industry. I don't know, if anybody is going to be better, but if there is maybe one or two, we're going to have the best dividend growth probably in the industry. We had the best balance sheet in the industry. And, yes, we've got some setbacks and you know what, we're not going to have a throwaway year, we're just going to keep doing what we do, and we don't want to use that as an excuse and that's the facts.
David Simon: Okay. Again I just think, we got – we all want to, let me micromanage, I will micromanage with my team, you guys look big picture, okay And when you look big picture, you're going to say, hey, we paid $28 billion in 25 years, that's not too shabby, and again tenant reimbursements, okay. Well, the real, look, let's talk about tenant reimbursements, real estate taxes go up because the municipalities want to attack the golden goose, they don't want to attack the internet sales, yes, they are like figuring it out. So, let's just see how it all evolves, we know what – we know how to – we know how to deal with the stuff, and we will continue to produce, I think, industry-leading results, if we don't do it in one year, call us where you want to call us.
David Simon: Again, it's – we pointed out because it's an investment. It's not going to be, let's assume, we earned $12.35. We're not going to be at $12 because of that, okay. We are not, I would appreciate, just the understanding that we're thoughtful folks but, yet, we do need to make investments for the future. And we have the track record that allows us to think about that a little bit that warrants our thoughtfulness. So, it's going to be a number and it's not going to be a big deal and we'll figure it out going forward.
David Simon: You are dealing with the guys who knows accounting. So, the reality is both, right because you have to depreciate the stuff, you don't add it back for FFO, sums investments, sums and operating expenses. So, it's actually, it would be both, okay. It's not – you don't add the FFO back from – for depreciation because it's not real property. So, it's a little bit of both, the amortized certain cost, it's IT spend. So, sums and amortized, we can sit down and go through the P&L, if you're really interested.
David Simon: Well, I would say, as we discussed that by and large demand is better, better sales produce for the retailer produce more interest in opening up. There's new and more retailers coming into the market all the time and the only offsetting of this is, certain retailers that are in the process of dealing with not recent problems, but legacy financial issues that have never been properly addressed.
David Simon: There is a great deal of retail demand. Frankly, we are dealing with, I call them, fitness centers, but they are frankly closed country clubs, theaters, entertainment uses. A number of the larger format retailers in many of these instances, we are adding small shop, specialty store space, because as I said prior, if we have a great property, there is demand for that property and the spaces we're getting back are spaces that are in great properties that have demand. So, there is substantial retail demand in addition just the densification efforts that we've talked about previously.
David Simon: Sure. All right. Well, thanks for your questions, and we're available if you like to talk further. Thank you.
Rick Sokolov: Hi, it's Rick. Just to step back, in all of these discussions, the single-best thing we have going for us are incredibly strong properties across all three of our platforms. So in any dynamic any of you talk about, the key is do we have places where retailers want to be, and happily, we do, and they're getting better by the day as we invest our capital and enhance them. In terms of the retailers, e-retailers are certainly one aspect of it. And there, we're working with probably 40 different ones. We've rolled out Untuckit. You've heard out all the names, and they want to be not unlike any other retailer in the best properties. And so we are doing deals with Warby Parker, Fabletics, Indochino and Untuckit, and I could go on. And they are finding success. And you don't have to take our word for it. You can take what they're saying. A lot of them are expressly raising money to roll out more stores. So that has been an interesting and important part of diversifying our tenant mix and keeping our properties current.
Rick Sokolov: The one other thing I would say to you, to echo David's point, this trend is accelerating. This time last year in our K, we listed 11 projects for 2018 and beyond. This year, we have 19. And as David said, we have many more that are in the pipeline that are going to be coming in here. So we have a dedicated team. We have demand because our properties are located in great places. And that is going to be an accelerating portion of our development activity.
Rick Sokolov: It's Rick. Frankly, we are having pricing power across our portfolios. And again, that is the function of quality of the properties. It all starts there. And as we continue to improve them, we're able to drive our rents. And I think your – that's demonstrated in the spreads that we've reported.
Rick Sokolov: We're applying the same discipline to decide whether were going to build a multifamily or an office or a hotel that we apply when we're doing a retail redevelopment. We do our market studies. We assess market rents, and we make sure that we're doing a good capital allocation decision as we decide to put in these incremental elements to our properties. So the risk is, frankly, the same because we're doing the same underwriting
Rick Sokolov: We have had pretty much the same percentage of renewals that we've had historically. So that has not been manifesting or seen itself as an issue.
Rick Sokolov: In what context? I mean, we're renewing about the same percentage of the tenants. We have tenants that we are intentionally not renewing, because we want to bring in more productive tenants that are better operators. And we have tenants, as David has referenced, that through own issues, have to be falling out. So that hasn't changed over all the years we've been operating. It's just the same constant dynamic.
