David Simon: Well, I think it's all the above. It's rent bumps, it's occupancy gains. We still -- and this is very important to underscore. We still have a lot of openings scheduled for the latter half of '23 and the early part of '24. So we're not going to see the full contribution of those tenants open until essentially really a run rate at '24, I'd say, sometime in '24. Now you ask why? Well, because we have a high-quality group of retailers opening in these, and it takes a while to build out their quality stores. But it's occupancy gains, it's rental -- it's spread increases. It's a reduction in our temporary tenant income because we're leasing space permanently. And it's basically assuming that -- a lot goes into this, but it's basically assuming relatively flat sales. Now if you remember last year, we said up to 2%. This year, we obviously blew past it. It was total for the domestic properties at clearly 5%, roughly 5%, 4.8%. So we're hopeful we'll do better. But again, we still have to make assumptions and that's why we like where we're at. And the biggest assumption that is somewhat of the unknown sales.
David Simon: Well, we have a unique relations, relationship with Authentic. That's a very important partnership, so to speak, both as a big shareholder, but also we're 50% owners together, 50% for us, 50% for Authentic in SPARC. And we have a different ownership structure with JCPenney. We don't really have any plans to -- for SPARC to buy additional retailers. We're very opportunistic on that. We had a very busy year last year with Reebok, where SPARC became the operating -- domestic operating partner for Reebok. More -- a very complicated deal. As you remember, we've had -- depressed earnings. We mentioned that to you early last year, that it did depress earnings because we had -- we knew we had some losses to occur this year. So hopefully, we'll be past that this year. But we really don't have any plans to acquire anything. If we do, it will be opportunistically. And just to -- we really -- we've done our -- most of our work has been with -- on the bankruptcy front or where somebody wanted to unload a business. And -- but generally, there's not a lot of distress in retail right now. I'm not saying it won't develop in the year. But there are some brands out there that are in trouble that obviously people know about. But we don't see playing in any of those situations.
David Simon: Yes. So it really just opened. So the hotel opened at the end of October, November, but it's really new. The office -- literally, the first tenant just moved in January, mid-January. We just did a tour of that. We still have a lot of lease up. Just to give you a rough number, pre-investment, Phipps stood in the low 20s of NOI. We think it will be stabilized close to 60. And we'll have invested around $350 million in it over that period of time. So again, we don't -- we're a big company. We don't really get into like granular detail, but we basically increased the NOI by about $35 million. Remember, this was a Belk department store. So in the Belk department store, we couldn't lease up that wing. We now have a plaza that has been created external. We announced Hermès opening into the Plaza and part of the wing that really was difficult to lease with Belk as the anchor. We have an unbelievable Life Time resort. If you haven't seen what they build or their product, both with Life Time Work, the pool and the restaurants and the services and the salon and, obviously, all the fitness activities, I'd encourage you to do so. And we have a Class A plus office, the best in Buckhead that just opened. So again, low 20, 60, $350 million investment is the math. Now again, we're doing -- and you mentioned Jamestown. Jamestown investment is in the investment and asset management business. So these mixed-use developments that I mentioned in my call text, the 6 to 8, we're doing all of those with -- by ourselves or with partners that we've used before. So that really isn't with Jamestown. Again, we looked at the Jamestown relationship, future endeavors that we can do together or in partnership, but we're very active in building out our platform now. And Seattle as an example, we're about to start a residence in a hotel, which finally got approved, and that's going to start construction. We can go through the list. But all that, Simon Property Group owned just like Phipps, which we own 100% of. Nobu, we own, obviously. The Life Time it was a lease and then the office building we own, too, which is all 100% owned asset. So I don't want you to confuse those 2. But that's the rough math on Phipps. And then the true lease up of Phipps, again, which goes back to the -- my earlier comment on the NOI. The true lease-up effects because you have -- you see Malone and some of the high-end brands building out their stores, it's not a 3-month build. It's, in many cases, 9 months to a year. The true offering that Phipps will have will really show in '24 when all of these retailers open the stores. So Christian Louboutin, Hermès and AKRIS and on and on. But most of those will either open late '23 or '24, and that's when Phipps really will be finished. These things don't just -- you don't just flip a switch and it opens. So that gives you a sense of it. And we think the true pro forma of this will ultimately manifest itself in year '25 or even in '26.
David Simon: Yes. Look, I would say we have positive spreads across the portfolio in renewals and in new leases versus existing leases for new fixed. And again, we also had operating spend increase because we're not immune to security cost increases, housekeeping, all of that normal operating expenses. To some extent, our fixed and bumps don't cover that. We're also projecting flat sales. Obviously, to the extent that sales outperformed that, we'll outperform as well. And we have these cases when we're adding great retailers and great restaurants to our portfolio, we have to take out the tenant that was, in many cases, temporary, you have to take that out. And you basically have 9 months of downtime where you have no income for it. Now like we did last time, Vince, we said up to 2%. We did 4.8%. I'm hoping to do better. But those are basically the determinants. And that's why we said better than 2%. But we have some operating expense increases, real estate taxes, unbelievably continue even though we're the goose that continues to lay the golden eggs for all of the communities in which we operate, our taxes continue to go up. While we have operating expenses that go up with inflationary pressures, we had downtime. We had flat sales, and we lose temporary income while we're retending and going to physical, whether we're going to permanent income. All of that's great news, but our rent spreads are positive. Renewals are positive. And we -- and that's been the difference. And obviously, we'll throw COVID out. But even the trend prior to COVID, renewals were under customers, you know, Vince. And demand continues to be very good.
David Simon: We have budgeted it basically down slightly because, number one is the extent that a tenant renews the lease, we're getting some of that overage into the base rent. If you remember out of bankruptcy, Forever 21 pays basically percentage rent to all of its landlords, us included. It had a tough year last year, as I mentioned earlier. And we're budgeting basically flat this year. So there's a lot that goes on that kind of -- you've got to again separate between overage and percent rent. It's a little bit of a crystal ball. There are always retailers that do well, some that slow down. We're pretty good at anticipating who's going to be great, who's not. But we're not the ones -- other than Forever 21, we're not the ones putting the stuff in the stores itself, okay? Forever 21, you can blame it on us, okay? So I hope that helps.
David Simon: So nothing yet. Obviously, you've got a couple of big names out there, but we really have very little exposure to them. And in some cases, we'd like most of them are boxed and also in strip centers. So the ones that were -- that we have and we like the box at, we think we can do something better with them. So I'd say generally, knock on wood, I think credit side is pretty good and demand is good. And they ran -- they -- December was very spotty for a lot of retailers. On the other hand, after Christmas, most had a really good January. And again, I think the mistake we made, Simon Property Group made is that -- again, SPARC was profitable even with -- even though even it didn't meet the financial results of what -- and again, we shouldn't dwell on this too much because again, $0.64 out of $11.87, $0.64 out of $11.87. But it's important just so we'll do a little vehicle, but we made the mistake that thinking '21 -- we budgeted basically flat to '21. And '21 was for a couple of the brands there, just extraordinarily profitable. We made some tactical mistakes in Forever 21. We brought in a new CEO to rectify those mistakes. She's doing a terrific job. So we're very pleased there. We also are very pleased with JCPenney. It's unbelievably profitable EBITDA. You can see the EBITDA. There are some public filings out there. But it is -- it didn't have the '21 year of '21, but we're very pleased at where that company is positioned. And we're extremely pleased with the management team and all that they're doing to reinvigorate the brand. That means so much to that consumer in those communities. And we're taking a different tack than others that have managed or owned that brand. We're actually reinvesting in that company to make it very important for those communities. So very pleased with how we're positioning Penney. But it had EBITDA -- I don't know if I can disclose it, but it had a lot of EBITDA, okay? So and our partner, Brookfield, we'll let Brookfield take -- we'll let Brookfield announce it if they do their -- I'm kidding. But it was very profitable from an EBITDA point of view. So we're very pleased there with the brands. But we did make the mistake of thinking '21 would repeat. And then obviously, you had a lot of volatility from a macro point in '22 with huge increases in interest rates, huge increase in price, in food and energy cost that the consumer was whipsawed, and we felt the impact of it. It's stabilized now, we believe.
David Simon: Well, I think we haven't seen the benefit. But just walking we -- I mean I don't want to get into the kind of the geopolitics of what's going on. But we're -- we think there's a real benefit to our landmark assets that have always been shopped by the Chinese consumer or the Asian consumer. We're starting to see that a little bit, but we're not planning for that to really accelerate in '23 but we're hopeful that it will.
David Simon: No. We're not including Taubman in it. This is just the domestic property NOI. So we're not even including our international NOI. So what we can give you the mill, if you combine the mills, outlets and malls, domestic portfolio that we owned in '19 and that we still own in '22, we will get there on a run rate by the end of this year. As simple as that we're not that far off, but we have delayed openings. And depending on where sales come in, it's even possible we make it this year. And that's the way to look at it. And that's the only way to look at it, really.
David Simon: Yes. I mean certainly, if you look at it over that period of time, call to way outperform -- and again, I just go back to last year. We try to be as thoughtful in doing this, but there are variabilities to it, overage rent being the biggest. But we also have some certain inflationary pressures that we, as landlords and property owners, have to deal with, what I mentioned earlier. And again, you have downtime. But we -- I would hope that we would beat our number just like we did last year. And just like we have historically.
David Simon: It's more than 50%. So I'd say demand across the board is good. Obviously, the higher end property probably has more demand. And -- but we're generally -- our leases still, to this day, occupancy cost is low and our rent spreads across the board are generally positive regardless of the sales front.
David Simon: Well, I think we're generally pleased that we're seeing some activity in our sector. And it's great that there's others out there that are -- real estate industries that are trying to grow externally. As an example, what was today that was announced. It's good to see we're not the only ones that like to make things happen externally. So that's good. I think our strategy has been essentially confirmed by others, other players in our industry where size and economies of scale see the benefits. So it's always good to see. We saw it in the warehousing world, and we saw it in the -- now we might see in the storage world. So it's great that we see that. From a stock buyback, I think our dividend is really where we're focused growing that. One of the thing I mentioned, hopefully, in my conference text that you heard was we paid out $39 billion in dividends, staggering number when you put it in perspective. That does not include any stock buyback, that's just pure dividends. I'd say that's the, obviously, the focus. But if the stock comes under pressure, we still have the ability to deal with that. So that is in our arsenal. We got a lot of mixed-use properties. I'd say generally, relatively quiet on the acquisition front. We did create our partnership with Jamestown, which we're focused on this year and, obviously, the years to come to grow that relationship. But we've got a lot going on and the capital to continue to create external opportunities. And we've been -- we haven't batted 1,000, but we've certainly moved the needle profitably with our investments and creating unbelievable return on investment, both in the real estate -- still one of the best deals ever done in real estate was our deal on premium outlets, which I'm happy to walk through the math not today. But still one of the best multiple deals ever been in our industry. And at that time, we were widely criticized for it. But one of the best deals done in the public company space.
David Simon: Yes, it's really simple. It's interest rate. We're losing roughly $0.30 to $0.35 per share just from either floating rate debt that's now higher or our own assumptions of what our refinancing costs are going to be. The good news is we're refinancing all of our debt. The market is there. but the cost of debt is higher. So that's really if you cut through it all, that's -- and when you look at kind of where the market was, very few analysts updated their numbers at all for higher interest rates. But they -- I don't have to tell you they ballooned over the last 12 months.
David Simon: Yes. I think we got to open it up a little higher. We have a little higher bad debt expense budgeted this year than last year.
David Simon: That all in Jamestown is accretive, but it wasn't a big investment. So -- and so it's in our budget, but it's not really -- the relationship is material, but the financial impact is not material. So that's one. Klépierre, we -- it is consistent with their guidance that they'll be developing when they announced their earnings this -- in the next couple of weeks.
David Simon: Well, it's -- listen, we're negotiating for the benefit of our shareholders. They're negotiating for the benefit of their shareholders. And a lot of these things we have, what I'll say, handshakes and it's the process of being [tapered]. So you should feel good that there's no smoking gun. There's nothing there that's going to lead to a fall out. It's just a process. And renewals are going We're, in fact, ahead of our '23 renewals now compared to where we were last year, some of the '22s -- and in some cases, because '22 took so long, we're doing '23s, so together and it's a process. But it's going well and relationships are progressing appropriately.
David Simon: '23, slightly up, slightly up. I don't have the number but Brian will have it for you later. Okay, last one, I guess. We're over 6:00, but we have one more question and one to finish the Q&A.
David Simon: Thank you. And again, I'm sure there are a lot more detailed questions. Please call Brian and Tom, and we'll be happy to walk you through more details. Thank you.
