David E. Simon: Well, look, outlet business is very competitive. We have a good portfolio. Our results speak for themselves and I think we'll continue to be able to grow our comp NOI and our portfolio. I think in all of retail real estate, you can never stand still. You've got to invest in the products. You've got to make it better. Whether its outlets, full-priced, lifestyle, et cetera, that's what we're all about. That's what we're grounded in. Our -- we focus on lease-by-lease, market-by-market, deal-by-deal and we'll -- we live in a very competitive market. We'll continue to hopefully do well.
David E. Simon: Well, look, generally, roughly our outlet business represents 10% of our -- from Asia to Europe to McArthurGlen. So let's say it's around 10%.
David E. Simon: I'm sorry, our international business. And honestly, other than -- where you had the episodic nature of deals, I would tell you that I work very hard and don't feel sorry for me okay? But, so I would say to you that generally, other than episodes of deal making, I spend around the same amount of time. But we have a great team in our international. I have added a colleague that you probably haven't met that's done an unbelievable job to relieve the [indiscernible]. But I wouldn't say it's abnormally different than what the international business represents in terms of our investment. At the end of the day, we haven't made a huge -- the good news is we're in the money and everything that we've done. But when you put it in the scheme of our roughly $90 billion asset base, we haven't made this huge unbelievable bet internationally. And I spend roughly 10% of my time.
David E. Simon: Well, I think the -- given that what we're doing in the U.S., it's not -- that's probably not likely in any short- or medium-term horizon.
David E. Simon: I'm glad you're very perceptive. And I'm glad you asked the question. So King of Prussia is now a go-deal, it's a big deal. And it did drop our redevelopment yield a little bit because it's -- I know you grow accustomed to Simon having 10% returns on every deal we do, sometimes a little lower. But it's still very accretive when you look at where that property is valued today. But we don't hand out or give out returns. So that -- but that, it is a major development, redevelopment, I should say, and that did lower the return. On the outlets side, I'd say 2 things: we've taken out Charlotte and Minneapolis; we've added Tucson and Tampa. Charlotte and Minneapolis were very high double digits. Tucson and Charlotte -- I'm sorry, Tucson and Tampa are on average 11. The others were higher than that. So when you bring that 2 together, it dropped it a touch. Now I will say to this, we're very conservative on our new development, both Tucson and Tampa are double digits. But the way they're coming in and the other 2 that are coming out, dropped it, oh, so small.
David E. Simon: Let me be perfectly clear. We have no execution issue. We have no cost overrun. It's just the mix, changed by the addition of the plaza, the King of Plaza, and then the 2 outlets opened and the 2 new ones coming in.
David E. Simon: Well, look, it wasn't that long ago, say, less than a year ago where the spreads we're 14%, 15%. So I will just tell you, from our standpoint we are pleased with basically having 9, 9.5-plus-dollar spread. And 17% -- I mean, I wouldn't -- we have to look at this a little bit on a longer-term basis. So I would say, we're very pleased with 17. It's higher than it was a year ago. Yes, it this a little bit lower than the Q1 and Q2. I certainly wouldn't overreact on that on any basis. The re-leasing spreads are driving our industry-leading 5.4% year-to-date comp NOI growth. And we're -- we are executing this in a clearly, a cautious consumer oriented environment. And obviously last year, the consumer shut down a little bit because of weather, this, that and the other things. So I'm pleased, I'm happy. And I think we're executing very well. We're going through our -- in terms of how we look at that next year, very simple, as you know, we've been doing this 20 years. We had the pleasure of starting November 10, I believe, going through each and every mall, lease-by-lease, deal-by-deal, which rolls into our plan which we'll share with you in early next year. And so until that's done, I don't have a prediction about what our spreads will be other than we continue to believe we're -- our rollovers are under market [indiscernible] in the future growth of our business industry-leading opportunities, in my opinion has been reinforced by year-after-year-after-year of continual unabated outperformance.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we -- we're -- I know you're, Paul you're smart and you want us to talk about next year. We have tremendous confidence in our business and our platform and the thing that I would have you rely on is what we've done year-after-year. And as I said to you, we'll share our guidance early next year.
David E. Simon: Well let me -- I'll have -- I'll give you 2 quick top of the head remarks and then I'll let Rick add whatever he wants. Look, on Amazon, leasing space, I'm not -- it's, all the details aren't out, but there's clearly a benefit for the overused word, omnichannel bricks and clicks, however you want to describe it, there's a real benefit. In fact, it's very interesting when I see Sears as a online retailer, depending on which study you look at. I mean, they're anywhere from -- they're clearly in the top 10. They may be as high as #5. And I would argue it's because of their physical presence that allows them to be so important in the online presence. And you've heard it from retailers that the synergy between having the physical and the online presence and now the move toward mobile, and how its all been integrated. So -- and clearly, we've seen a number of pure online retailers going to physical stores. So the -- it's got to be in the equation for a retailer to have a physical presence. I don't think there's any question in that. And as our retailers have gotten more sophisticated in the online world, I think that's going to play to our benefit. On the Sears leasing, we have one that we've consented to in King of Prussia. That was part of their agreement to consent to our ability to expand the 2 centers. We worked very collectively to do that. I think Sears would be the first to tell you that in certain markets and certain stores they don't underperform, or in fact they have too much space. And they will look to release some of that space or sell some of the real estate. We still think they have a physical presence that's going to be important to them. And we'll continue to work with them on a collaborative basis that meets our needs, and our shoppers' needs and theirs. And we expect to, at the end of the day, for both of us to benefit from that.
David E. Simon: Very well. So that relationship is early, but I'd say generally we're very pleased. We're creating buzz in that whole marketplace. And are -- along those lines, Craig, we're making some initial investments in early-stage companies to really to enhance the environment. But, I think, all the good news is that there is a lot that we can do to enhance our environments and we are as committed as anyone to do that. We've got the balance sheet, the capital the -- hopefully, the creativity and the willingness to take risk to do that which all companies, I think, need to be in this position to do. It would be easy for us to rest on our industry-leading growth. But as you know us very well, that is not in our DNA. And so, we're going to do it from marketing, to leasing, to development and everywhere in between.
David E. Simon: Well, look, there's -- it's -- that's -- in our leases, even if it's done in the store but fulfilled online that's part of our sales. That's not really too much of an issue. And I think for all physical retailers the important -- and even with their online business, they have a multiplier effect, that's very important, that they see when they have a physical presence with their online consumers. And they can describe it in great detail on it. And it's anywhere from 3x to 4x. So the convergence is there. It's happening. And the good news is our retailers are combating effectively the pure online retailer. And the online retailer understands for them to, beyond the first mover advantage that someone like Amazon had, in order for them to really grow their business, I think and many, many believe, they need to have a physical presence because of the way it's moved to mobile and the way it's -- the multiplier effect that the omnichannel world is presenting itself in. So that bears, I think, extremely well for us in creating the next wave of retailers. We don't -- we see that just beginning. So, the -- the interesting thing is, the online retailers have still got this unbelievable advantage and we see it ourselves in [indiscernible]Nexus. And giving that benefit, even though they should be collecting that used tax instead of sales tax, but taking advantage of that benefit that the consumer's not necessarily are entitled to. As that has begun to swing, because a lot of them have Nexus now with warehouses and the like. As that has balanced, that's going to level the playing field, obviously, it would be great. We can get Congress to level that playing field which they should be doing, that I think that's going to reinforce the advantages of bricks and mortar. Because at the end of the day, when you're looking to shop, the mobile device or even the desktop really can't present the goods and services that are available with that retailer that a physical environment can. Yes, they can save you the sales or use tax, yes, they may have an advantage in convenience, which is slowly being dealt with by our retailers through pickup-in-store, ship from store, but once that's sales tax, use tax advantage is eliminated, which I think it will be through Nexus for the government, we'll see that. I think our retailers can be really damn competitive.
David E. Simon: Well, we're trying. But there are roadblocks in Congress and we're not here to complain about the government, believe me. But we just want a level complaint -- level playing field and then the consumer is going to make that choice, but they shouldn't be -- they -- and we should let the states decide how they want to deal with it, but it should be level. And at the end of the day, the best retailer, the best mall operator will come out ahead. I think it's got to be level, it's just not right.
David E. Simon: Well, there's 2 questions there. We certainly have substantial ability to control what Sears can do with their stores based on existing leases or reciprocal easement agreements, so that is, yes. With respect to the upside, to the extent the transaction is being done by Sears within their store, with their capital, it's their transaction, but we certainly benefit in a position like where you're adding a Primark in or a Dick's in King of Prussia, that certainly will strengthen our overall offering for our shoppers, but not financially if it's being done inside the Sears store with Sears capital.
David E. Simon: It depends on the documents and depends on the scope of what Sears is contemplating with their building.
David E. Simon: Well, you don't have it wrong, but I'm not going to answer that question. We like the investment. It's been a very good investment for us. We think as a reference shareholder and as -- and being on the board, we've added real value and we are in a -- obviously, we do believe in the merger or acquisition of Koreo [ph], and we support it and we believe that scale in our business is really important because it -- on all sorts of fronts, capital, retailer relationships, ability to invest in the consumer experience, et cetera. So we're optimistic that, that investment will continue to be good for us and grow in value. But I really can't tell you about whether or not, going forward, we'll increase our stake. But we're pleased and we think there is still opportunity going forward with our investment in Klépierre.
David E. Simon: Yes. It was in the yield on our investment in Europe in both at Klépierre and McArthurGlen and in Asia they have been fantastic. I mean, they've been yields so -- and that's what helped drive our industry-leading growth.
David E. Simon: Well, I think our outlets are just so uniquely positioned and with the increase in VAT -- there, clearly, you have some forward spending and then it did have an initial monthly impact, but then it's kind of leveled back. I just think the consumer there is going to look for even more value given the higher VAT rates. So we just have a unique portfolio that will continue to perform, but it's affected retail sales generally, but it's really good to be in the value space there with great product and a great retailer line up. But don't kid yourself. I mean, when you increase your VAT, you're going to affect consumption. We're just a little bit better positioned to deal with it than some other property types.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I keep -- look, there is a long -- we've had a, let's see, 50-some-odd year relationship with Sears through a lot of ups and downs and good times and so on. We expect to continue to have a excellent relationship. I don't think any thing is off the table, buying, selling, leasing, subleasing, working cooperatively, nothing's off the table there. Again, I think the market wants to take one scenario, extrapolate it, I appreciate that. Just like they want to take one Amazon space. It's in fact, they're doing it and extrapolate it. I don't think you're going to extrapolate anything like that. And we will -- they were -- on the Primark of King of Prussia given where they are situated in the mall and what they had already done with the one level which we cooperated, and we felt like Primark would be a very good replacement where they're situated plus we needed their cooperation. What we are trying to accomplish and it happened to be that we were absolutely aligned and that set of circumstances, and we think we created a win-win. Now I would expect given the 55-year history that we'll continue to find those kind of situations with Sears in most cases.
David E. Simon: No, and obviously I won't. It'll depend upon the set of circumstances. And just because the King of Prussia is one deal that we consented to doesn't necessarily mean that, that's going to be the model on all the others. So Steve, like I said, it's going to be a case-by-case scenario. I would be -- if their model is a success here, which certainly by every indication of the presence they have in Europe, you would potentially anticipate, but others have come here and have not done as well, but let's -- if it is, then I think it'll be a combination of all the above where there will be some consent with Sears on subleases, we'll lease directly. We'll redevelop pads and the like. It's all going to depend upon the set of circumstances that present itself from that property.
David E. Simon: Well, they're certainly not a luxury. So our higher-end properties probably not a great fit, but I'm going to wait and see and see how what their store looks like in the U.S., how they're -- what kind of consumer they're delivering and we'll go from there. In that King of Prussia was relatively a simple decision for us because of where that Sears box is and I think again, it's going to be dependent upon the circumstances. And I hope you can hear [ph]. I guess we're having serious problems with our communication, but I hope you can hear it, Steve.
David E. Simon: Well, the lift is one of -- just one of our efforts along those lines. I think, we're pleased as a group. They've signed up a couple of major, major retailers. And they're starting to do shipping this holiday season. And I do think, over time, there clearly is going to be the ability to deliver or pick up a lot of mall goods at the mall environment. And I think we're, as an industry and individually, we're just scratching the surface there.
David E. Simon: Simplistically, consumer, I believe, is -- continues to be somewhat cautious. The good news is, there's an environment, where I think, at some point in the near future, they will be less cautious, lower oil or lower gas prices, better job environment. Hopefully, wage growth, continuation of lower interest rates, just some of those out there. But they're still cautious. And that's how we're planning, so we're running our business. I don't like -- I am not equipped to make a forecast on the holiday season. Others might, I will not. There's lots of forecasters out there on the holiday season. The ones that I see are generally feel like it's going to be a [indiscernible] last year. Weather, hopefully, won't replicate itself the way it was, longer season, to name a couple, but I don't -- I'm not in that business.
David E. Simon: The -- I think it was generally spotty. I mean, I think, it was certainly wasn't robust, and I think it still represented the cautious consumer.
David E. Simon: Typically, on Jersey Gardens, they wouldn't be in our comp NOI for '16, that's correct. And, look, listen. We've got -- given it's complicated, we are a big company. So we're always going to have other income that could be higher or lower quarter-to-quarter, same thing on the expense side. The -- but as far as I can -- having examined the financials, extremely closely, nothing jumps out at me. Lease income, lease settlement income, probably in the scheme of the total years. It's not all that different than some other previous years. It does ebb and flow. We've always got a little bit of extra income here and an extra expense, year in and year out given the nature of our business. But nothing to highlight frankly.
David E. Simon: Well, a very good question, Jeff. I would say to you generally, we don't buy any asset if we don't feel like we can improve it. And there's -- so that's kind of a thing that we have regardless of what we do, whether it's new development, redevelopment or importantly, acquisitions. What can we do to beat the growth rate that may exist. If that asset is -- just sits there unowed [ph], but the fact of matter is, I'm not going to give you a number on that. I mean, I -- people are, again, not to put this in context, but Sawgrass is a unique animal, but when we took it over, I remember the numbers more or less correctly. It was around $55 million of NOI. And next year, we did add a little bit of space here and there and stuff but next year, generally, I think it's going to do around 130-ish. Now we haven't gone lease-by-lease. There we might skip lease-by-lease because it could take us 3 days. But I think the fact that we were able to do that, not only helps our investors, but also helps the consumers and the retailers because I think they did a lot more business with it in our hands. So we invested more in it, we drove the tourism. We've got better retailers. We've got more consumers. The retailers did more business and everybody was copacetic even though Mills have done a good job at $55 million or whatever the rough number was. So, we think, we can drive more traffic to Jersey Gardens though I firmly believe Glenshire [ph] has done a great job with that asset. So that we're experts in tourism. It's right by Newark Airport. I think we can figure out how to get a few more buses from Newark to go to Jersey before they go to -- Rick and I will flag them ourselves if we have to make the numbers work.
David E. Simon: Well, we're always focused on supply. We are not passed the point of no return. And we're still working on approval rights, both within the appropriate agencies in Boston, but also, we have to work through some of the retailer issues. So we are not at the point of no return and we studied the supply [indiscernible] similarly. And it's going to be a gut check decision here, I would say, Jeff, in the next 3 or 4 months. Generally, we still feel very, very confident about it, but that the -- this is a little bit different than what we've done historically, as you might imagine. We are really good experts on supply, understanding supply and retail, what's going to get done, what's going to have an impact in competitive world, very competitive world in retail. This one is a little bit different. We hired a couple of great experts to do comp lease. And we've got the in-house expertise. We also obviously hired the right people in Boston to help us go through that exercise, but it's a good question. It's going to be a gut check time, but we have not passed the point of no return. And, as you know, in real estate, whether it's office, retail, whatever, there's always announcements of some supply. The real question is what gets built and who gets there first and who's got staying power. I will tell you this, it's an iconic asset, it's only getting better. The design is fantastic. Boston is a great long-term city and that Lord I hope -- we have staying power. So we've got a lot of stuff on our side of the equation that gives us confidence that if we do pull the trigger, we will execute.
David E. Simon: It could've been $10. Maybe that $0.33 we picked up because they're going to do this and that and the other thing for us. So there's always that balance. And you've got to put it in that lens. And it's important to understand that.
David E. Simon: Yes, sure. It's around -- the total cost, Jim, is around $5.50. And again, the vision that we have on the -- the top roughly 10 floors would be condo sales. We're also expanding Neimans as part of it and other retail. So we look at it gross, but then we have condo sales to net. And that differential, well it's an art, not necessarily a science, that differential and then we own the multi-family. That differential is roughly, don't hold me to these numbers, it's roughly a $300 million-ish differential. That puts it in this kind of financial consequence box. And that number, from a return, as we look at it, that return is acceptable given what we're doing there, okay? And I don't want it -- I'm not going to give you that number just yet, but when we go it'll be in our 8-K, but that's essentially how we're thinking about the deal.
David E. Simon: Yes, but it's a good question and its again, it's a little more art than science. You've got to weigh the traffic that they may generate versus the competitive nature they may put certain retailers under. And whether or not they're bringing a different consumer in. So you put it all together and you got to make judgment calls day in and day out. So -- but it's a good question and it's an art. You got to be very, very thoughtful about that, Jim.
David E. Simon: Well, if you've been to the mall, they're -- in this case, the Sears box is not as well located as if it were in the middle of the mall. And our decision may have been a little bit different had it been. And it just -- so it's really a location issue. And the power of that mall is shifting in terms of kind of a focal point given our expansion is now -- we're actually under construction and it was really -- we felt good about it, and we've got Sears' cooperation on what we were trying to accomplish to improve the mall, and we did think that because of their position, Primark would be great to drive traffic down to that wing.
David E. Simon: Yes. We are getting closer, not quite there, but we're working diligently on 1 ground-up full-price development that, I'd say over the next short period of time, that we'll be making an announcement on. It's not quite everything is done, but we are optimistic that this will be a partnership that we're looking forward to, to working on, but it's not quite all done, handshakes in place, but stay tuned on that. We think it'll be great and it will be besides the redevelopment, it will be our first full price now in quite some time.
David E. Simon: Great question. It would be much higher. But that's a great question because -- it's a great question and in fact, because every dollar is the same, it doesn't really -- it doesn't, obviously, doesn't do that. But the fact is we could do it, but I don't have the [indiscernible] about 10% higher.
David E. Simon: 10%. Steve Sterrett -- he's leaving so I wouldn't count on any numbers that he said. Steve Sterrett says its 10%, but, I think, we could probably do a little bit more work and get a better number, but is a very interesting question.
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing that I would also add is that our occupancy cost remains very moderate, which shows you that we still have plenty of room to grow those rents.
Richard S. Sokolov: And what I would add is that focusing on the Primark side, they're a highly productive iconic retailer in Europe and the U.K. We have been working with them for over 6 months. We have already visited them at their headquarters and toured their stores, where they operate. And we're very excited about their entry into the U.S. We anticipate that there will hopefully be several other opportunities, both within our portfolio or others Sears stores, which they have already alluded too. And I would also point out that we got involved with Primark early on as our Klépierre team already had a preexisting relationship with them.
Richard S. Sokolov: The only thing I would say to echo David's point, the research that we've done has shown that the millennials are, in fact, very supportive of the mall channel and are very much focused on going on there. And so it's a natural thing for us to try and exploit and enhance.
Richard S. Sokolov: There really has been no pushback from the retailers in terms of their demand. And it's basically a function of mix. What yields come in, in a given period of time. So we're still seeing a very focused retailer, the one space. And candidly, you can look at that with our occupancy and with all that activity that we have going on in the portfolio.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's Rick. I think that we price our real estate based on what we believe is the value of the real estate. And everyone is going to have to compete for that real estate. The bottom line is that it has taken H&M a very long time. They are now happily established and growing substantially. We're working with ZARA, but frankly, we have a lot of very established domestic retailers here that are very competitive and continuing to grow. So the more people we have are interested in our properties, the better off we are will enhance this demand and our job is to do the right tenant mix and to price the space right, and I think we've been doing pretty well so far.
