David Simon: Look, my own view is that, I think it's going to be a challenge to build many of the new outlet centers that are being bandied about. There has been a list of 50 outlet centers out there that are in pre-development stage for several years. We think, obviously, demand is good but the retailers and manufacturers are very sensitive to where outlets can be put. And so we think the market should be circumspect to the amount of new outlet development that's being talked about. There will be some, I think it'll be more challenging than what people believe. I do think there'll be some mistakes made, but I don't see a redux of the lifestyle center development. Never put it past real estate developers to overbuild, but I'm hopeful that year after year, experience will lead to a better judgment. In this case, I do think the retailers and the manufacturers are very sensitive to their full price operations. And I think that's a governor here that probably will not be a redux of what we saw in the lifestyle center area. And I think the redevelopment of existing enclosed malls to do this again will be in that same category, and more challenging than people lead on.
David Simon: Well, the yields there are actually -- we think they're going to be fantastic. The yields in Japan have been very high, I mean higher than in the U.S. Malaysia, we're projecting to be higher than the new development yields here. And we think all of the -- everything that's lined up to build there is -- the consumer is there, the growth in income is there. They love the American European brands. So it's all lined up to continue to grow that. We've been successful in everything that we've built from Korea to Japan. We see the same thing in Malaysia. As you know, we're back to really seriously thinking about China for outlets. So we think there is an opportunity, continue to grow that business in Asia for us. Hard to put firm numbers on it yet, but the good news is, we've got 10 centers, soon-to-be 11, and we've got a good, good solid business already up and running. And we've been at it for several years.
David Simon: Well, we have seen some -- again, we've seen some price talk on some, let's call them, A assets, I'm not sure whether they're a mall or an outdoor center or however you want to describe it. A couple of these, we think are more salty than they should be, because we don't see the growth that other people that are buying them see. We could be wrong, they could be right, but we think pricing on some of these individual assets that are out there are still what we see is very aggressive given the lack of growth characteristics in some of these assets. Now on the B and C, Jeff, I would tell you, we're still all in the discovery mode in terms of where the market is. Obviously, we've told you we have nothing to announce in that area, though we do have a very small amount of malls for sale as part of our strategy that we've had for years, to sell assets here and there. We, the B and C assets are more dependent on financing, the financing market in that area continues to be somewhat volatile. And I still think we're in price discovery on those kind of assets.
David Simon: Well, it -- look, I think Michael, it took longer than it should have. And I think part of the length of it is just the care that the comp committee took in deciding what was appropriate. We -- obviously, these kinds of things, are very sensitive, very focused given the -- rightfully, I've no problem with the scrutiny that something like this comes with. And I think, again, I wasn't privy to the comp committee's deliberations, but my guess is, given the -- what was going on, that they took a lot of time to feel comfortable with it. Now -- and also there has been a lot of volatility in the world during this period of time. So -- and obviously, my primary focus over the last 20 months has been running this company, and this has not been the #1 agenda on my plate. I do think, again, I was not part of the comp committee deliberations, but my guess is they studied past performance. I'm sure they looked at some of the recent comp deals that were out there for new and existing chief executives. I'm sure they considered, if, for whatever reason, they had to replace me, what it would cost for a new CEO. And just generally, what are the requirements that the company needs to lead the company from a CEO in the future. With all that said, I think they concluded that the deal they struck with me was in the best interest of the company. And the share amount was generally the same for that long period of time. And so the size of the apparent transaction, so it's an 8-year deal, which I think the market sometimes loses sight of, got bigger because, obviously, the stock performed -- has performed well over that period of time. So I don't know if that answers your question, but they were sure they were very deliberate in their efforts. I was very focused on running the company, and we've been living in a very volatile world. You put all that together and it takes a pretty, pretty long time. From my standpoint, look, I've been doing this for -- I've been running this company for 16 years, and I -- it was appropriate for me to kind of assess where I was, what I wanted to do in the future. And I wanted to work out a deal that recognized what I brought to the table. And over that 16 years, I want you to realize that I've never had an employment agreement. I've never had a deal, and both from my standpoint and I believe the comp committee standpoint, though I can't speak for them, we both felt it was appropriate to negotiate something for a longer period of time that delivered a certainty and that we all felt, myself included, because I'm a shareholder, that was in the best interest of the company.
David Simon: Yes. I can't guarantee the performance we've had in the past 30, but hopefully, we'll have some level of success along those lines.
David Simon: Well, look, we gave you some facts today, maybe we'll give you more facts later. But that -- we thought that would be helpful for people to understand. At least, again, people lose sight of kind of the quality that we have embedded because of the size, we understand that. We don't like the tier assets, even though Rick does and it bothers me, but I let him do it. But we want people to know that our top 20 assets in these categories generate a lot of cash flow. And I think over time, we'll be more descriptive to everyone, kind of how we look at it. But that's what we want you to start thinking about at least today.
David Simon: Well, I don't have a specific number, but it's safe to say that these are under-rented and they're going to grow faster than our average, and they possess a lot of upside. But I don't have a record. Steve, do you want to add anything? But I don't have anything more to say other than that. They certainly, historically, have generated significant EBITDA growth, better than our average.
David Simon: Well, I would say, we feel pretty good other than -- there are a couple of tenants out there that, again -- I'm not going to name names, because we certainly shouldn't be in that business publicly. But there are -- a couple of tenants there that are sizable mall operators. When I say mall, that could be both outlet and full-priced malls that are still haven't had the benefit of the recovery that are going to put pressure on the industry, and us included, in terms of renewals and potential store closures and the like. And that's the biggest headwind. Now we've had that headwind, hasn't gone away, so we've been managing our way through that headwind. But that, to me, is the biggest headwind that's out there for us in terms of what we have to deal with on a day in, and day out basis. Our leasing people, obviously, understand that. They know that, and they're out humping to find those replacements, either through voluntary or lease expirations or to the extent that even 1 or 2 of these guys could end up in a Chapter 11, so that's the governor right now that we see. The consumer actually -- I feel a little bit better about what we all know. We live in a extreme volatile world, we could witness last night and understand that, what happened on TV last night. But I would say that's the biggest headwind that we've got to deal with.
David Simon: And we've got some major redos that are in works, that we may take some space out of service, that we're redoing the food court, all sorts of that stuff. That, again, is not overly material, but it might have a somewhat of a governor on our EBITDA growth. But we're performing -- the point is, we are performing better today than we thought we were, and we're bidding our budgets and that's the good news.
David Simon: Well, I think those process, at this point, greater opportunities for us. We've always felt taking what we've got and making it better is a huge priority. One of the reasons why we brought David onboard was to help us do all of it, is there to do with the existing portfolio. And we're -- I'd say from that standpoint, we're very pleased with the amount of activity that our teams are generating. And that's not just the malls, the outlets, I mean, we've got expansions in the outlet side that we feel good about. Like in Seattle and Chicago, potentially in Woodberry, Commons, Allen, just to name a few. So the best thing we can always do is take a good property and make it better. And now that we feel good about capital and feel good about what our teams are doing, that's the #1 priority.
David Simon: Look, I think the big frontier there is whether or not we do something in China on the outlet side, and that, and we're spending a lot of time on that front. And we've got, at least, a couple more Japanese outlets to do, and we're looking at another one in Korea. And so the answer in the Asia new development is, I mean, we still want to dot Is, cross the Ts, but there's more to do there. And that could be accelerated to the extent that we do something in China. International, generally, when you talk about acquisitions, we mostly talk about Europe and potentially, what's going on in South America. And I will tell you that we're thinking a lot about it, it's very interesting. When we initially went into Europe in '98, we had this premise that the U.S. retailers were going to come, fact of the matter is, they didn't come, now they're -- but we were still successful. Now they're coming, so there is some industry logic to do it. We have felt comfortable we could add value, but the deal is there to do a sizable dealer. We don't want to just buy a one-off here and there. We think we would really want to try and create or invest in the platform. Those deals are not easy, but it's on our radar screen. We spend a lot of time thinking about it, but it's very hard to predict or -- in fact, whether or not anything will ever transpire there. And the math is always a challenge and -- which we don't feel compelled to plan a big flag there, because we've got lots of stuff to do here and lots of growth opportunities with our existing platforms including Asia.
David Simon: Yes. I mean I think we've studied a lot in both markets. We actually have a trip scheduled, Contis knows Brazil pretty well. He served on the board of BR malls for a long time. That's a market we're not in, who knows? I have my own view. It looks a little toppy [ph], but I mean, long run, long-term, you've got to look at all these things.
David Simon: Yes. And I think the demand from the boxes to go into proven retail centers, including the malls, is just greater. So we're taking advantage of that trend. And the pressure out there -- certainly there's pressure on certain malls, but there is a lot of pressure on a lot of strip centers, just because if you lose an anchor or 2 in a strip center, that thing comes under immediate, immediate pressures. So the boxes seem to want to relocate where the action is, and in many cases, that being closed shopping center.
David Simon: Well, right now, we're focused on Houston. It's been a very positive discussion with Tanger. There -- we made a handshake and got documented quickly thereafter. We're excited about Houston. We're going to start construction, probably, in less than a month, in August. And we would never rule out doing more business with Tanger. But that's the #1 focus right now.
David Simon: Yes. And I would say this, that we're not overly worried that any of these new -- if I caught your question right, we're not overly worried about any of the new outlets being developed is going to have a material impact on any of our existing Mills. So I don't -- I'm not worried about that at all.
David Simon: I think that's harder to do than some of the new entrants in the outlet market you're talking about. I think that's a major issue for retailers and manufacturers. And I don't think they're going to jeopardize their full-priced operations. I do think that when you have a tourist market like a Las Vegas one or an Orlando, as an example, you are able to, because you have new customers that come in every week. Essentially, you're able to avoid the traditional rules. I think that it's -- if a lot of the outlet developers think -- these new entrants, so to speak, think they're going to get retailers and manufacturers to ignore kind of the old rules, we don't see it, because frankly, when we've looked at a number of deals, we get pushed back on sensitivity all the time. And we -- I would say, we know the business reasonably well.
David Simon: Yes. Happy to, without divulging anything overly material. I mean, we are working with The Boston Consulting Group and our retailers, as we speak, in the design of the product, and we're making very good progress. The retailers that we're in discussions with have been very supportive of what we're trying to accomplish. Those discussions are ongoing. And we are hopeful that by 2012, we will have a product that we will be testing in a few malls, and we'll take it from there. So the goal is to have something of a test nature in '12.
David Simon: Well, I think you'll see a combination thereof. I mean there is a lot out there that we don't necessarily have to build completely by ourselves, we can partner. It's too early to say. If I had to guess today, it'll be a combination of build and produce ourselves, and partner some of the aspects with others.
David Simon: Well, look, I think the good news is, we've picked the market where an outlet center wants to be built. And we're competing hard against the alternative. We've got the site. I think it's just going to be a competition. We're hopeful that we'll get the job done. There is no guarantees that we will. Tenant demand is interested for sure, in building an outlet center there, it's a great market. So there's no real roadblocks from ability other than -- we've got to get the leasing, and I'm sure Tanger needs to get the leasing. And we feel like we're doing pretty good, but we're still got a ways to go. We are hopeful that '12, we start construction. I mean, that's our goal, and we're moving fast to accomplish that, no guarantees on that.
David Simon: Well, the vast majority of that is the senior loans and our mezz loan. And the fact of the matter is, there's no issue on refinancing the senior loan. It's -- coverages are very strong and the same thing with our mezz loan. So it's really not -- the refinancing of that is really not much of an issue in terms of how we look at it. The exit of Fairlawn is a different issue, and I -- it's really -- I'm not at a point where we can really discuss that. They've been a good partner, they're happy with the investment they've made, and we'll see where it goes. But I wouldn't be overly concerned about the ability to refinance the existing debt coming up.
David Simon: It's certainly in the realm of possibilities. So it wouldn't surprise us if that happens, but there is obviously, a chance that they stay in the partnership and we continue to do what we do, which is grow the NOIs, invest in the properties for the future.
David Simon: They have a certain ability subject to right of first offer on certain assets, and they have an ability to sell their interest, subject to a first of right -- right of first refusal. They have some ability to sell certain assets subject to a right of first offer. And then, if they want to sell their interests, it's subject to right of first refusal.
David Simon: Well, let me just say, look, we like the deal we did in Albuquerque, it's very well positioned, and consumers love it, retailers love it, and we think there's upside. We saw one, I don't know what it's called, the Lifestyle center in Carlsbad, that went for, based on how we looked at it and underwrote it, very little growth for a much more aggressive price than anywhere near what we did Albuquerque for. And the other asset you mentioned, we just didn't have any interest in it. So I let others whatever happens to that, no idea. But we just didn't have an interest for it.
David Simon: I don't think so. I mean, we do lease space to the government. And I will tell you that they -- I'm known for checking our accounts receivable every month when I get the report, and they are always 30 days delinquent, so I'm hopeful that they can rectify that. But it is very interesting to note, they are always 30 days delinquent. I mean, I guess in theory, we'd have some risk that, that would not be paid currently, but beyond that -- I mean, the numbers are immaterial, frankly. But beyond that, we don't see any real risk. I mean, look, spreads will invariably widen for all of corporate America and for all asset classes, so we'll be a participant in that. But beyond that, we can't see anything as we study that, that's going to be anything material.
David Simon: Well, there is a number of pure online retailers beyond Amazon, like, guilt.com, I'm just naming, Blue Nile, just to name a couple. So clearly, Amazon is the 800-pound gorilla in this area, but there are other pure line -- pure online retailers that are taking great advantage of the government subsidy that's occurring.
David Simon: Well, they're all very focused on it, so they're feeling the lost -- I mean, what we're hearing is the number of customers go to their store, learn all about it and buy it online, because it's 10% savings, so it's a real issue, and we need a level playing field. There's no reason whatsoever that there should not be. And it's not a new tax, and it levels the playing field. And the fact of the matter is, if a customer wants to buy online over bricks and mortar, and it's a level playing field, then that's the breaks of the game. But if they're doing it merely to avoid an 8% or 10% sales or use tax that they're required to pay, but the Internet retailer ignores it, that's not fair, that's not what this government should be all about.
David Simon: You know, it's old-fashioned. It's called a cash-on-cash return. And we do not take into account the hope and prayer of -- that it'll mean something to this tenant and that tenant.
David Simon: No. We're going to -- Steve, we're going to -- as you recall last year, we bumped it up materially in the fourth quarter. So we're going to follow the same procedure in the fourth quarter. It's going to be based upon our taxable income. And based upon taxable income, is certainly -- there is certain amount of volatility with taxable income. But based on what I know today, we're going to have an increase, obviously subject to board approval, but I'm sure our board wants to stay a REIT, okay? We're going to have a meaningful, again, subject to board approval and subject to what our taxable income is, but we're going to have a meaningful fourth quarter dividend increase like we did last year. And then going forward in '12, our annual payout now is $320 million, but my guess is that, as part of that fourth quarter, we'll also set the expectations that what our annual -- our quarterly dividend will be in '12, and again, I would anticipate that there'll be a true-up in the fourth quarter of '12, and that will kind of be the normal routine that we'll get in. Obviously, the true-up will never Hopefully, every be down, but we'll set a number, and then as taxable income gets more clarity, we'll bump it up to the extent that we don't, we're not meeting that.
David Simon: Well, we're not going to disclose it, but with Albuquerque, but I think you'd be pleased. And we're not going to disclose what's going on with King of Prussia other than we're having discussions with our partners.
David Simon: Well, we've got a couple of centers on the market, and we're in that process right now. But we don't -- we won't announce anything till we have a deal that's essentially done, and at this point, we're in the discussions, and still going through that process.
David Simon: No. I think the only important thing to point out is just, we do this -- we've been doing this for several years. We did not do it in '09 and '10, because, obviously, the market was in major restructure, recovery mode. And so this is part of our ongoing process that we tend to look at some assets. We try to sell a couple here and there every year. It's consistent with what we've done in '08, '07, '06. You have all that data out there historically. And it's not a dramatic shift like say, and it's not an overly material the deal, like say, what's Westfield is trying to? It's just an ongoing process that we do, essentially, every year assuming the market conditions are acceptable to sell assets.
David Simon: Well, look, we are -- it's a very good question. The answer is a couple. One, is we really like this asset and we've looked at a lot of assets like this. This was an off market deal, so it wasn't -- they didn't hire Eastfield to create projections that the people bid on and believed in, and put in crazy cap rates, so we think we bought it right. We still would prefer the bigger, better deals, but some of those are -- there's not a lot on the market. And two, the numbers are very, very aggressive. And I think the other important thing on this is a good -- a very good market. We're in this market, so we know it, we cover it. And as I mentioned to you, this was part of a 1031 -- again, we love the real estate, we think it's got a lot of potential, but it was kind of an off-market deal, very good real estate, fair price for the buyer and the seller, upside good market. 1031, we're very happy to buy it. And we have looked at those kind of centers, but even some of those are just being bid up to what we think are very aggressive levels.
David Simon: Well, believe it or not, we have -- had a history of it. We like those deals the best. That's how we got into the Outlet business. We bought Chelsea. It was a negotiated deal. I bought the -- but low -- it wasn't an option. We've done most of our work in that way. And that's the way we prefer it, doesn't always work out that way. But in this case, our guys did a good job, and people know that we're going to close. So they know when we have a deal, they know we're going to close. And we're fair on that side of the equation. So they have faith that they just know we're going to get the job done.
David Simon: Well, in this case, we had a couple larger national retailers that we've been going back and forth. And I think the bulk of it has been the fact that we just finalized those leases, and extended them and redid them or whatever.
David Simon: Yes. Let me -- yes, let me just restate it because it's obviously important. We pay $0.80 a quarter, times 4, that's $3.20. It's very likely that we'll -- in the fourth quarter, dividend declaration, which will be part of our third quarter earnings announcement in November, payable in November, we'll include a dividend higher than $0.80, that will be driven by what our taxable income is. Remember, if you don't pay your taxable income, you can't be a REIT, that would not be good. We're going to pay our taxable income out, right? That will -- by then, we'll have a good sense of '12's taxable income, and our quarterly run rate for '12 will probably be outlined in that context as well. So obviously, it'll be probably higher than $0.80 per quarter, but at that point, we're still, we'll have a better sense of that by the end of the year.
David Simon: Well, just -- we've actually worked very diligently and very hard with our lender. They're providing those funds, and we're suing Aon, who's been our broker for a number of years, unfortunately, has withheld the additional coverage that we think, and we know we're entitled to. And that litigation continues.
David Simon: Well, I think it's -- I think the -- it's not -- look, we've have not -- discussions with general growth, so I'm not -- we're not going to speak on that asset. But I think you do point out that there is potential on the other one, and we're cognizant of that asset and what the potential there is. But certainly, not the general growth asset, I mean, I have no comment on that, essentially.
David Simon: Well, we're aware of what -- that could be an interesting situation, but it's too early at this point.
David Simon: Look, I just believe that, to me, $1 of cash flow is $1 of cash flow, so and I just don't like, essentially sometimes, what it means internally, but it's not a big issue. I mean, we do it, we look at it, we'll give you data that we think it's important to understand, if we think the market is not appreciating what we've got. And we'll continue to do that, we can cut it 1,000 different ways. Our average is obviously, mean something because of the size of the company. So it's not -- our averages are not insignificant, because it's over a big broad-based. And you know math. You know how math works, right? So it's not just 20 assets that 3 or 4 or 5 could skew the results one way or another. So -- but the important thing is, look, tell us how you'd like it, we'll factor it in. But we've got a business to run internally, and I don't like to characterize assets by tiers, because the fact of the matter is, I want every asset we've got to be better and the best it can be, or we should let somebody else try and achieve that.
David Simon: Yes. We're more focused on Torano [ph] than Buffalo, frankly. We do -- and again, I don't really know what the deal is, but there are reports that it's in the -- we don't see it necessarily as a top 25 outlet center. We've pretty good familiar with the outlets that are out there, but I'm sure they'll do fine with it, but our focus right now is Torano [ph], not Buffalo.
David Simon: Well, look, we know what we're doing, whether we dodged a bullet or not, I don't know. We offered what we offered on Capital Shopping Centres, a price that we thought we could make work based upon our industry knowledge and history of past performance. They didn't consider it. I know that the stock.
David Simon: Sorry about that. I don't know if you heard the last part of my response but let me just repeat it. In terms of dodging the bullet on CSC, let me just say this, we all heard a price that they weren't interested in. The stock obviously has not gotten that price since we offered it. Our offer was subject to due diligence, but we felt comfortable in offering that, because we have the history of making acquisitions work, and -- but they were not interested. So that's really all I can say on that. I don't necessarily think we dodged the bullet. We're very comfortable in underwriting. We understood the U.K. market, that's why we thought they should have seriously considered our offers subject to due diligence. They chose not to. But had we done due diligence and felt comfortable with it, we would've made the deal work like we have every other deal.
David Simon: Pretty good. In fact, one of the leaders is here, the last 2 days talking a lot of business with us. Rick and just -- but if -- I'd say, it's very positive.
David Simon: Thank you, everybody. We are very sorry for that technical glitch. We can blame that on David Contis, because he took our -- my technology room, for those of you who have visited Indianapolis, I gave him by office, so we're in a new room. And we'll, obviously, work this out. But have a great rest of the summer and take care. Thank you.
Richard Sokolov: And the only thing I would add, it's Rick, is that our portfolio is not static. So as you look at the potential for NOI growth, we're renovating 20 properties, we're adding a considerable number of additional anchors. We just announced in today's press release, 3 additional department stores, as we continue to lease up our properties with more productive and impactful tenants and restaurants. We're enhancing the market share, and the better we make our properties, the faster our growth is going to comp.
Richard Sokolov: Well, we've got a lot of going on with a number of our traditional retailers. And -- but in terms of the new ones, Love Culture, Pandora Lego, Sperry, Francesca's, Divona, Cotton On, Made Well, lululemon, Michael Kors, Tilly's, those are all relatively newer concepts, and they're all growing very aggressively in our properties. So from that regard, it's very encouraging, and when you also take into a fact that recently, we had the Fresh Market, Francesca, Pandora, went public, Divona, I think, is going this week. So the equity markets are being very receptive to providing growth capital to our retailers, and that's certainly benefiting us.
Richard Sokolov: I think that for the more mature concepts that are saying, our store camp, perhaps, is too large or not as productive, we've got people that are very focused on growing. And the fact that our occupancy keeps going up is a testimony to that.
Richard Sokolov: I think that one of our main strategies is trying to maintain the viability of market share of our properties. So to the extent that there is demand in a given market, to the extent that we can capture that demand by expanding our existing properties, it's a win-win for us. As David pointed out earlier, that's the surest way to get appropriate risk-adjusted returns. And in addition, we're making our property stronger.
Richard Sokolov: I agree with that. And just to give you an editorial comment, one of the things that we have heard from our department store and big-box clients that are the retailers, is that 2008, 2009, taught them that who their landlord is matters. And what we're finding is that, there is a higher degree of interest in coming in to properties where they know the landlord has the commitment, has the capital, and has the ability to renovate as needed, bringing new retailers and maintain the market share of those properties. And as David said, there is very little new development out there because there is not enough demand to generate a 300,000 or 400,000 square foot new projects, and so the retailers are looking to come into the established properties.
Richard Sokolov: From the -- this is Rick. From the Mills perspective, what we have been able to do is really, demonstrate the synergy between our platforms. Because the mills, their motto in their advertising campaign is Mills Means More. We've been able to take the outlet tenants that we have relationships within the premium platform and bring them into the Mills. And we've also taken a number of full price tenants that we have relationships in the mall business and bring them into the Mills. As a result, you've seen very good growth in the Mills, and you have seen substantial increases in the anchors, and the market share in those properties, and this month, the announcement of Macy's building a full-line store Gurnee on a pad that used to be occupied by Circuit City, is the best demonstration of how we're able to really, bring all of those varying tenants under the Mills outlets. In terms of the radiuses, they are less relevant in that property type.
Richard Sokolov: We certainly have been able to take advantage of the better macro environment to expose our retailers to other market and other properties where they currently don't have stores. So to that degree, yes, we are finding that we are able to bring those retailers that maybe, in the past, would not have looked at a market or a mall that would -- did not have the type of sales potential they thought and try it. And happily, what has happened is that as they have opened these stores, they continued to perform, and that makes them more optimistic and confident about doing additional locations in that type of property.
Richard Sokolov: We're working on both the alternatives. We've already identified 3 or 4 potential users that would take the whole box, but it's very well positioned in the assets. And so there is also the potential to break it up, and bring in a couple more restaurants and a couple other small shops.
Richard Sokolov: On the small shops side, there is a relatively small amount of space allocated to the specialty stores in the strip centers. That business is primarily driven by the big box leasing end. If you look in our supplemental filings, we are seeing momentum there, and adding boxes to that platform.
Richard Sokolov: The small shops space is a relatively smaller percentage in that platform than in our other platforms.
Richard Sokolov: When you look in our supplemental filing, if you look in 2012, we have 9,700,000 square feet expiring. So you can expect that, that is going to be a very fair cross-section of our entire portfolio. And just as an aside, the rent for that is $30.22, so that gives us substantial room to roll those over at higher rent given our current average rent.
Richard Sokolov: It is hard to project. It's really a function of the specific state, it's their role, but we've been showing good momentum in our spread over the last few quarters.
Richard Sokolov: Well, but I'll comment on the geography. All of our regions were stronger with good sales growth, but the strongest regions were the mountain, which is Vegas, Southwest, Mid-Atlantic and Florida, weaker, but still growth where the plains and the Great Lakes. Across all the platforms, those properties that are located in tourist market have been substantially outperforming even the overall portfolio performance that we have talked about.
Richard Sokolov: The one that have shown better growth have been the sporting goods, jewelry, women's better apparel and accessories. Weaker areas, obviously, books, women's moderate and junior apparel.
Richard Sokolov: Yes. We're doing a lot of business with H&M, and they're literally, here right now. We're doing business with Desigual, Inglot, Cotton On, Aritzia, AllSaints, those are all international retailers that are looking to expand their footprint in the U.S. and we're getting the benefit of that.
Stephen Sterrett: Well, Christy, thanks for asking me a question. I was feeling lonely. Listen, I think you have a couple of things going on. #1, there is still, overall, some more and more financial institutions restarting CMBS platforms. And so I think, overall, the trend line is still good, as what happened in the last of couple of weeks with spreads gapping out, and maybe a couple of deals not getting done quite as well as people had hoped. It's probably just an indication, that it is still an evolving, maturing market, in its reconstituted face. With demand for the different quality of properties, I would echo, I think the comment that Rick or David made earlier. And the fact is, your better properties grow faster, they're higher productivity. There's clearly more demand for lend against that type of assets holding all other variables like loan-to-value constant. But the fact is, we're seeing pretty good demand for products across all the different quality spectrums. And if you've got a good asset and you're reasonable on your loan-to-value, you can get it financed.
Stephen Sterrett: Ki Bin, this is Steve. The strip centers in the aggregate, contribute about 3% to 4% of our NOI, which is just -- it's in the low hundred million dollar range, like $120 million.
Stephen Sterrett: You know, Steve, the answer might be somewhere in between to the 2. David mentioned, there are a couple of tenants and actually larger tenants that we have on our watch list, we're paying attention to. But the overall receivable environment right now is pretty good. Receivables are down, really half of what they were a year ago, at this time. And so I -- with the exception of a couple of tenants that we're paying attention to, I think it will be a relatively modest the second half.
Stephen Sterrett: It is a lot of the miscellaneous stuff at the mall, Tayo, it's everything from stroller rentals, sales of lottery tickets and all that, that various over the last year was, interestingly enough, going back to an acquisition that we did many years ago, we held the key main life insurance for a former director who passed away. And that was a couple of million bucks.
Stephen Sterrett: If it's related to the property, Jim, it is. But like, for example, this proceeds from this life insurance policy that I mentioned would not be in there.
Stephen Sterrett: Well, I'll say this, Jim. As David mentioned, it is -- that was off a base that was positive last year as well. And if you look at the second half of last year, our comp NOI growth, as I recall, was in the low- to mid-2s. So we're coming off of higher bases. I think the good news, if you just look at the composition of the 3.5%, 265 basis points of it is percentage -- or excuse me, is minimum rent. I think Rick and David have both mentioned about deal quality continuing to get better, and 50 basis points of it is overage rent. We'll see where sales head, but if sales continue to stay at the percentage increase that we're seeing, it's reasonable to assume that there would be some pop from the overage rent as well.
Stephen Sterrett: But, no. Rich, I think we're just seeing the benefit. I mean, obviously, percentage rents are tough to predict because you have tenants coming in and out of overage rent all the time. But the fact is, if you have the sales growth that we have now seeing for the last 4 or 5 quarters in a row, it has begun to manifest itself in higher percentage rates. It is as simple as that.
