Richard S. Sokolov: Well, let me just take a step back. We obviously are very excited about anything that'll make our properties better, and we want all of our tenants to be as good as they can be. And certainly, Ron Johnson and his new management team have energized all the constituencies based on the introduction of the strategy. And we hope they can implement it. As to your specific question, the concept of having the in-store shops is certainly not a new one. And if you walk our mall and walk the existing vendor matrixes of our department stores, you're going to find dozens of retailers that have wholesale presence in the department stores along with very robust in-line, full-priced specialty stores in our malls. Just an example: Nike, Skechers, Coach, Sephora, Bare Essentials, Kiel's, Art of Shaving, I could go on and on. So the answer is that we don't think it's going to be a particularly negative impact, and we hope it's going to be a lot stronger to enhance the market share of our properties.
Richard S. Sokolov: If you look at our capital that have been spent, and we show you every quarter all the activity we have, this is really an ongoing process. Over the years, we replaced probably over 60 anchors from all the different consolidations. And in virtually every case, the property ends up stronger, and we've been able to generate good returns as a result of that process. We don't envision that this time period is going to be any different.
Richard S. Sokolov: We, frankly, based on all the announcements from Sears, that included none of our properties. And Ron Johnson and his presentation reiterated his strong belief in malls and the significant opportunity that his stores have in malls.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, on the outlet side, Galveston is frankly substantially leased. We expect to open that thing almost 90% with a great collection of tenants. And Merrimack is opening this year. And we're frankly almost -- we're 95% leased there. In terms of our rollovers, we're about halfway through our '12 and with very good momentum in that business.
Richard S. Sokolov: We did have positive progress throughout the year quarter-over-quarter in our spreads, and we are seeing better demand as we enter into '12. We've already made very good progress towards our '12 renewals in the mall business, so we anticipate a positive bias in that spread.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we would use our -- the cheapest capital we have is this cash on the balance sheet. What are we getting.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, on the move-outs, we have basically been consistent historically. We didn't have anything out of the ordinary.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, there are a lot of people that are very aggressively growing their footprint and that leads to David's point. We're doing deals throughout the quality spectrum with Loft, with Love Culture, Crazy 8, Izumi, Chiles, Cotton On, Francesca's, all of the -- Cabana, all of those tenants are -- H&M. So we're doing with a lot of these tenants throughout the portfolio. And one other point that I want to make is, this billion dollars that we're spending in our portfolio is certainly giving us more attractive properties in terms of the tenants wanting to be in them. It's no accident when we're adding over 35 anchors in our portfolio when we're renovating 20 properties, when we're getting substantially higher growth, that's making us have a better product for our leasing agents, and that's hopefully, going to bear fruit and enable us to deal with the space we get back from the tenants that are shrinking their footprint.
Richard S. Sokolov: I don't believe there's anything out of the ordinary with your example. Williams-Sonoma happens to have a great real estate and great properties. And if their business strategy is such and their productivity is such that they cannot afford to maintain the space that they currently have, they're going to come in and offer us a rent that enables them to maintain their occupancy. If we don't believe that rent is fair market value, they're going to move out and we're going to replace them with somebody that has got a productivity and a business strategy that will enable them to pay what we believe is fair market rent.
Richard S. Sokolov: Just very briefly, it's midway between Sentry City and South Coast Plaza. It's positioned to serve all of the great communities on the Pacific Ocean that have -- we have a trade here of 1 million people with $90,000 household income. So we believe there's an opportunity to add fashion anchors. We believe there's an opportunity to add some full-line anchors and completely redevelop the property. It's over 2.275 million square feet. So we've got a lot of FAR and a great market, and we're very focused on bringing that forward. And it's certainly going to be part of the capital spending that David talked about in 2013 and 2014.
Richard S. Sokolov: The occupancy cost in the fourth quarter for the malls and outlets was 11.8%. And really, the way we price our real estate is a function of who's the tenant, what's the productivity of that tenant, what's the mall, what's the space in the mall. So we have a very focused process and all of those factors feed into it.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's very hard to do. I think if you look at our -- the leases that we signed, I believe in the fourth quarter were $50 and change starting rent. So that gives you a pretty good barometer of the type of activity that's undergoing in the portfolio right now.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, the ones that are coming in, that we're working with -- are examples of drygoods that's a division of Ron Mauer, Vince from Calwood, Sea Wonder, Running Company is a new concept that Finish Line is working with, Versona from Cato, but I certainly don't want to ignore like you look at a Limited Brands, and they had a great report and they're aggressively looking to get more space to take care of their pink concept, so the fact that a brand is mature doesn't mean that it still doesn't have a significant growth potential.
Richard S. Sokolov: I think that David alluded to earlier, it's very much a tenant-by-tenant analysis. Sales were better. There were some pressures on margins. We've detailed earlier in the call a number of tenants that have very aggressive growth profile and there are others that are retracing a little bit and reducing their footprint. Generally, however, the balance sheet remains strong. They are still generating cash flow, and we're still able to drive demand from the types of tenants that we'd like to have in our properties.
Richard S. Sokolov: There is never a negotiation that is not tough. I mean, look, we're fighting over the same dollar. And that's been that way for 40 years, and it will continue that way. And ultimately, do we have some better power? Look, as the productivity of our properties get better, as we improve our properties, as our occupancy gets stronger, just fundamental supply and demand, there's virtually no new construction, that certainly plays into our strengths.
Richard S. Sokolov: Everyone acknowledges the importance of the market and the fact that it's not adequately penetrated under existing stores. Obviously, we're now in an environment where people are considering more capital investments, and we're optimistic.
Richard S. Sokolov: It will still be done in phases based on when we can get the right critical mass. And right now, we're focusing on what and how we're going to start it. But it is, again, a very big project, so it is going to take a number of phases and a number of years to bring to fruition.
David E. Simon: Let me just make it even simpler than that. He's a great retailer, we think it will be great for the mall environment. We look forward to working with Ron who we know well during his -- both his Target days and his Apple days.
David E. Simon: Well, that's a very good question. Needless to say, I think we're in -- we were disappointed in the Spain transaction. I think the company needs to focus on improving the U.K. shopping center environment and its centers. And even though the transaction is not overly material, I think it's a bad use of management's focus to go ahead and spend time in Spain. Needless to say, we all know what's going on in Spain in terms of unemployment retail sales. And certainly, as a large real estate owner, we understand that we want to look at things on the long-term basis. But in my humble opinion, this management team has no business being and pursuing projects outside of its native territory in the U.K. And it is -- puts doubt into me the strategy that the company is undertaking. Obviously, I don't have to reiterate how they viewed our offer and whether or not they acted in the best interest of shareholders. At this point, I think we have the better argument in that case, and I'm waiting for an explanation as to why. In fact, they're pursuing, looks to me like just the divergence of focus. Whether or not it'll impact our stake, it's too early to tell, but I am waiting for some kind of explanation from the management team.
David E. Simon: Yes, look, the spend -- we have allocated in our budget a spend that I don't want to get too specific, but there will be an investment that we will spend. We'll have some, obviously, we're going to be expensing all of these so there's no capitalization of it. It's not going to change the materiality of the company. And given the prospects of a successful creation of a product, we think it's worthy of the investment. Now our goal right now, Michael, is to debut this product in the Northeast for the fourth quarter of this year. And there is not complete certainty that we'll do that just because it is complicated, and we want certainly a handful of important retailers to join in our effort, but that's what we're anticipating to be. We would prototype this and debut it in up to 5 properties in the Northeast, and look to see what kind of adoption or what kind of product acceptance we get and then tweak it from there. But that's the goal. The materiality of it -- materiality is in the eyes of the beholder. I will just say it's not going to detract overly. It's certainly more than a rounding error, but it's something that we want to invest in. Connecting with the consumer, understanding the consumer, is I think critical to the future of mall ownership, so this is where we're going to embark. We'll see where it goes from there.
David E. Simon: Well look, Jay, it's absolutely clear to us that the best thing that we can do and why we added to the executive range here is redevelopment in our core business. And we anticipate, again, things can change, and I think I am pleased that we got confidence coming out of the economic upheaval sooner than a lot of folks that this year we're going to spend, I mean, always, things take longer than you want and things flop from one year to the next and redevelopment -- development. But this year, we're budgeting $1 billion. And it looks like we're going to spend $1 billion next year, and these are all very high return on investment activities. So to me, that the absolute #1 priority, we've got 2 new outlet that are going to open this year. Let's not lose sight of that. We've got the restoration of Opry, which has been closed for I don't know how long, but too long, 2.5-plus years. And we're starting construction in 2 outlets, Phoenix and Toronto, in the next 60 days as just example. And then we've got all sorts of expansions on the outlet side and the mall side, so to me, that's the focus. I think you'll see something from us in Brazil, something from us in China, but it won't be a big grand, huge, unique, big investment on either one. But I think you'll see us enter those markets thoughtfully. And we're out of Europe right now, and I have -- at this point, I have no regrets from that decision. So Europe is a different animal.
David E. Simon: Well, David, it really boils down to simple calculus, which is we are chasing our taxable income. And it is likely that we're going to have to chase our taxable income all year. So we're trying to do it in the most thoughtful way. We did listen to the marketplace about the special dividend, the world was less than excited about it. To me, $0.20 of cash is still $0.20 of cash, but we listened. And we're looking to chase our taxable income the rest of this year and then in the future. So -- I mean it really just boils down to that simple calculus.
David E. Simon: We're -- I think it's reasonable to assume that every quarter it's going to go under -- taxable income for any entity, any big company, is complicated. It's certainly, in our case, complicated because not only do you have taxable income from just a normal business, but you've got acquisitions, sales, obviously we're going to get future depreciation from all the investment we're in, et cetera, but the fact of the matter is it's going to have to be under intense scrutiny each quarter from here on out the rest of this year. And it's likely we're going to have to chase it a little bit this year. And the good news, it ain't going down.
David E. Simon: I would say they -- I would include -- I've been more impressed frankly with the U.K. government's actions. So I think just from a macro point of view, I almost feel little bit better about kind of what they're trying to do macro there. But put that aside because I'm certainly no expert, I would throw them in the same bucket.
David E. Simon: Well, I think we have the ability to be extraordinarily thoughtful and patient there. I mean we have no capital needs. Really, '12 and '13, if you look at our balance sheet other than typical refinancing of mortgages, which the market has gotten somewhat better at. And look, if there's a transaction out there is when we'll factor something like that, but right now, even though the capital markets are attractive, at this point we don't see any reason to warehouse capital.
David E. Simon: So I have -- again, I mean, we're good at doing deals and making money from doing deals. The spot that we're in right now where we can de-lever, invest in our good real estate is a good spot to be in, and I like that position.
David E. Simon: Look, I don't have those numbers right in front of me, but these assets were appraised a while ago, and we basically use those appraisals as the basis, but it's much more simpler than that. The fact is, Macerich expressed an interest in unwinding the deal. We said fine, suggest to us how you would do it. They came back and said, well, you can choose between the 2 pools of assets. The one that they manage and the one we manage. We looked at the real estate, we looked at the relative values, and we chose the pool that they were managing, and it was really -- since the appraisals were done, I don't know, a year-plus ago when we were -- we had a discussion about the same kind of topic. At that point, it was just what -- whether or not we wanted to proceed on the basis that they suggested, and we did. And it's as simple as that and it wasn't a -- we didn't sit there and negotiate values. They gave us an option A and an option B, and we chose option A. And they were left to decide whether what they offered was good, and we were left to decide whether or not what they offered was good for us. And we're pleased with the outcome.
David E. Simon: The mortgage refinancing is all in process, so we anticipate that happening again. You've got to remember some of those deals Mills is TMLP, our partnership with Fairlawn is a small partner in some of those assets. So the gross number sounds bigger than what the actual TMLP's responsibility is. And if you then look at our responsibility as half the owner of TMLP, it's even smaller. The senior and the net debt, we are just starting discussions with the senior lenders. No issue there. We expect -- we built up a significant amount of cash in TMLP to deal with any refinancing requirements, that's in process. We'll spend the next couple of months doing that. And the last one, look, you never know, partnerships sometimes are built to last a long, long time. And sometimes, they unwind in a very positive way. And I would expect that we'll have a positive outcome. It's been a good partnership, and it will either continue on, on a very good basis or we'll figure something else out.
David E. Simon: But it didn't -- we have been using BCG to help us work, scope out, work on this initiative that we hope to prototype and debut in the fourth quarter. And so some of those expenses are also rolling through that number.
David E. Simon: No, Steve, we really decided to change the -- we've decided in '10, if you go back in '10, we decided not to do that any longer, just to give you kind of the gross number. And so the answer is no, we did not do that. And obviously, we feel confident it will be positive this year. But we decide -- we do not give that number out.
David E. Simon: And look, Steve, we -- I just wanted, the retail real estate business is still tough, okay. And we are grinding like no other time. And our results, our sales, our occupancy and our rents are all obviously very positive. But it is a grind, and there are retailers that continue to downsize and continue to -- we continue to have struggles on leasing some of that space up and getting the market rent on some of that space, so we still feel positive about it, but it -- there is still work to be done. And it is not -- it's a lot of work to produce these results.
David E. Simon: Emphatically, we're going to start in the spring, so we're -- we feel we're permitted to go. We're finishing it up. Leasing, look, we're in a different spot than others in the outlet business. We have the -- we can rely on the experience and judgment of having 70 Premium Outlets, Mills assets throughout the world. We don't necessarily need to pre-lease. We're pros. We're experts in this business. The answer is, we've got real interest. We've got certain commitments, and barring something unforeseen, both of those that I mentioned, we will be starting construction. So we're a little different. We understand this business very well. We know the risks about starting construction whether you're fully leased or not. We've done it in the past in the outlet business, and we're good to go on both of these deals.
David E. Simon: Well look, Paul it's an entirely appropriate question and obviously this is a great dialogue at the board level. So it's hard for me to be really specific. But based upon what I know, it's -- we're going to have to, I would think, continue to raise our dividend the rest of the year. It doesn't give you a guidance on how much and when. But we want a little bit more data coming in with the first quarter ops. We want to understand what if any transactions transpire or happen, or what have you that may have some impact on that. But what I know today, obviously subject to counsel with the board, $0.95 will not be enough per quarter to pay out our -- 100% of our taxable income.
David E. Simon: Only -- look, not at all really because -- and I mentioned it early, we've got so much going on with the existing portfolio and all of the redevelopment and new development. And again there is nothing wrong with generating the cash, increasing the dividend, de-levering and just keep doing what we're doing. So I feel absolutely no need or pressure to do any deal whatsoever. And I like kind of the model we've got, that's not to say we won't. If we think we like the real estate that we would get, at the end of the day, but I am -- I don't like parting with our cash right now. I like reinvesting it in our portfolio. So we're entirely pleased with what's going on here.
David E. Simon: Yes, I mean for instance, in the outlet side we expect to start in Las Vegas and in Orlando and in Desert Hills and Seattle. Seattle is under construction, so those are 4 in that side. In the mall side, we're undergoing a massive extension and redevelopment of Walt Whitman, Quaker Bridge, we've got Opry Mills, we've got King of Prussia. We announced, as you know, at KLP that we're going to connect the 2 malls. We are in planning phase on that now, obviously working with the town on approvals. Those are just -- Nanuet is -- the mall has been shutdown. We're going to start construction there finally. La Plaza, we're going to add a second level on. We've got major redos, new department stores, new food courts, examples with Keystone, Dadeland and Southridge in Milwaukee. Plaza Carolina has been -- several boxes have been added. So those are just off the top of my head. When we start construction, we put it in the 8-K, and I think you'll see addition to that disclosure as the year progresses.
David E. Simon: Well, I think -- yes, you're right, there is the frictional number. This year will be a little bit interesting because we do have a lot of movement going on with the portfolio as you might imagine with all the development spending. So -- but put that aside, I think there are some improvement. But I think now the focus is on improving the quality of the 95% that were leased. And we didn't have that luxury obviously in '09, '10 and to some extent '11. We're still going to feel pressure in '12 with certain retailers, but I think the focus now, hopefully, is to marginally improve that occupancy. But it's really going to be taking the existing occupancy, maybe stabilizing that as it is, but really improving who's in the space.
David E. Simon: That's true. We've got sponsorship on our building that may have a big impact on our fourth quarter -- first quarter. But we're so focused on what we do we have blinders on this -- for this week in any event. In fact, we are so focused on what we do that we forgot that the Super Bowl with this, so when I planned our board meeting and our earnings call. We could have probably picked a better week.
David E. Simon: Well, I think the development returns in Brazil are well-articulated. And I think in our view in Brazil, what we would do is develop, as opposed to buy there. And I think the development yields that they try to achieve the 15% kind of return on cost would be where our focus would be. And China is -- we've got opportunities. I was over there in December. We're working on a couple of outlet deals, but the numbers side of that equation, all that kind of the financial due diligence is still in a work in progress. But if it's not a premium to what we do here, we just -- there's just no reason do it. Even though you might argue that the NOI growth will offset that, I still want to invest at higher levels than I can here, that's the frustration, let's say going to Europe and doing a lot of redevelopment, but we do see, as we pencil out China and Brazil, just like we have in -- seen in Japan, seen in Korea, seen in Malaysia, all of those are higher development yields than we would gather here -- garner here I should say.
David E. Simon: I was really referring to new development, okay? I think what we saw there and again, recall that our deal was subject to due diligence. We saw at the end of the day, yields comparable to what we would pay here on acquisitions, yet once we got our hands on the fact that management operations could be improved, and so, I just -- I don't want to confuse development yields with acquisition yields, and we saw kind of comparable acquisition yields in the U.K., comparable to what we would pay here. With supply issues, they are a lot different than they were here. So on that basis, it was worthy of pursuing it to get to the point where we could validate that initial conclusion, but we weren't access to the books, and therefore, we did not make a formal full bid.
David E. Simon: Well, look, that's what we did in '11 and the fact is, the more we talk to people, the less they liked it, so my view would be to try and not do that really create a dividend that equals taxable income, and that as that grows, your dividend grows. So, we would like to get away from the special dividend based, kind of, the true-up dividend, which in our case, was represented by a special dividend. We would like to get away from that, and make it more what I said. Now look, sometimes you never rule out, if you sold $5 billion of properties, and you had a big taxable income, you may -- there may be certain circumstances that you'd have to that, but the fact is, we would like to not do that, and that's what we're going try and achieve in '12, but certainly, as we catch up to our taxable income, we will get away from the special true-up dividend.
David E. Simon: 20, 30 bits, so the fact of the matter is any development that we would undertake in Brazil, we're just going to cash-fund, so we wouldn't use any leverage.
David E. Simon: ...Assets, I got that we'll be buying in the 4s, so, because you know, but I think there are people out there that would clearly buy in the 4s.
David E. Simon: Look, I don't know. I mean it would have to be something really, really unique to get to that. I mean King of Prussia we did not get to that number, there's nothing like that asset especially given its development. So look, it all depends on circumstances, but I do think there are institutional investors out there that would feel comfortable at those kind of iconic assets to be in that level. Whether we would or not, it would take an interesting set of circumstances.
David E. Simon: Well we don't -- we're really getting away from those kind of specifics. We do it asset-by-asset to build up to our budget. It's -- in our own budget, it's a slight improvement, but we don't give specific numbers, Jeff.
David E. Simon: We -- yes, I would just say, if we do give cotenancies with retailers, we do in some cases and not really happy about it, but we do, do it. It's rare that it's going to be tied to a Sears operating, usually it's 3 out of 4 and something like that. But I would say that particular issue would be de minimis.
David E. Simon: Look, Jeff, we don't do individual cap rate, things, malls, other than we really feel like we made a fair deal and one that we'll be able to add value with as we move very aggressively on our redevelopment plans there.
David E. Simon: The answer is, usually they come about when you least expect it. So again, we -- it's not a high priority, but we look at just about every and any alternative, and though the good news is, but you got to be really disciplined when you have this ability. The good news is we could look at basically any real estate company in the world and decide whether or not it makes sense for us. So -- but comes with that a burden not to screw up. So what's better, you could look at every deal or you're in a position where you can't. I'd rather be in the fact that we can look at every deal, but with that comes some discipline here that we better not make a mistake.
David E. Simon: Well look, the risk in the A malls is really not a risk because if you do get that space back, you're going to -- you have plenty of demand to lease that up. But it is going to be in the kind of the -- however, you want to characterize, I hate listing malls A, B and C, but it's certainly going to -- the pressure that we have as an owner will be on what people call as the B mall category. And it's surfacing because of tenants like The Gap, the -- PacSun wearers of the world that are still and continuing to connect with the consumer. And again I don't like naming names and pointing retailers out, that's only representation of a couple of retailers that in fact themselves have said they're closing stores. But the fact is, that's where the pressure in the portfolio occurs and is occurring, and that's what we're working to offset. If we get the space back, and the fact of the matter a lot of A malls, retailers that are downsizing, we're taking the opportunity to help with that downsizing by not renewing them in the A malls.
David E. Simon: Not really. The answer is, no. Look, Dave, we're off on our own with each other, so we never really talked about selling the whole portfolio.
David E. Simon: Well, the fact of the matter is, the portfolio that we got we think there's upside. So we're pleased with the outcome. We think we can move the needle on those assets, and we have no intention at all of selling those assets. So look, we're going to still prune the portfolio. And I think, as Steve said, that the fact the financing market is getting better, I think that will help us. It's been, obviously, that's been a challenge to sell kind of the smaller malls. But with respect to specific -- respected IBM, there's absolutely no desire or interest to sell those assets.
David E. Simon: I didn't say -- I said we take a different approach. You use the word different, so I don't think I said the word different, but I'd love to go back, I could be wrong.
David E. Simon: Well, I think every development is different. A lot of cases, the retailer is using the competitive scenario to drive down rents, and we're seeing that a lot. So the retailer is very adept, very skilled at using the leverage of competition to drive rents down. And in some cases, they're sitting on the sidelines saying, "Well, I want to be -- I want to have an outlet in this marketplace, but you guys figure it out, they're on the sidelines." And in some cases, they have they faith in us, they want to go with us because we've got this knowledge base of all of these assets. And in some cases, they want to go with the other guy because of whatever other reason. So it's all over the board. The fact of the matter is, we don't really pre-lease, period. We're doing Nanuet, and we've got -- that's not an outlet -- and we've got certain commitments from very important retailers. But are we sitting there leasing up the small shop up to a certain percent to where we lease, the answer is, no. We should be able to use our judgment, our experience, whether or not we can get something leased, at what rent, and that's just the way we operate. Certainly not meant to be a shot across the bow for anybody. Everybody can do whatever they want. I have no influence on that at all, but that's how we operate.
David E. Simon: Phoenix, we have signed the ground lease. I was down there, I don't know, was it last week or 2 weeks ago. It's a ground lease. We're on Indian land, and by the Wildhorse Casino there. So that ground lease is signed. And Toronto, it's all documented and signed, land closing is forthcoming.
David E. Simon: It tends to have a better return in a lot of cases. Obviously, when we're on Indian land, you can't really buy the land, so that's how it works. And we thought -- we liked the site enough given that, that was -- that was a good outcome for us on that deal.
David E. Simon: Well, the $1 billion does not include for this year, because we still think we are in a spot where we're going to use this year for '12 to plan what we're doing, and part of that depends on outcomes with certain discussions with certain stores, but it's a complicated asset. I'll turn it over to Rick to explain. We have a lots of different options. It's complicated, and it's probably better to show you physically than words, but I'll let Rick take it from there.
David E. Simon: They're both performing better than what we expected in '11. The outlet business continues to have higher comp NOI growth than the mall business. But I'll tell you, I think we're generally pleased with both segments. And the gap is certainly less -- certainly it's been reduced compared to '09 and '10 levels. I think that's safe to say that the outlet business was stronger in the height of the significant economic downturn. So that gap -- that growth rate gap has certainly narrowed.
David E. Simon: Well, I think historically, this year we basically disposed of assets around $500 million. If we could continue to sell $200 million, to $300 million, to $400 million of assets a year in terms of pruning, I think that would be the level that would be desirable.
David E. Simon: Well look, I think our budgeting is -- it reflects -- it's round-up, so it reflects the general nature of the fact that we are cautious in how we put our numbers together. So I think in a sense that reflects also that -- what's going on in the macro environment. The -- so I think we take that into account. There's no guarantees in anything, but I do think we take in the fact that it is generally still a very cautious environment. We would -- we have a lot of work to do to make our numbers. On the other hand, we always want to beat our numbers. And we're at the point now where we're giving you our view of kind of what it is, given what transpired with the GCI sale, et cetera. We always want to beat our numbers, but we're generally cautious. So -- and I think that reflects the consumer. This year, you do have a certain added uncertainty with the general election and all that crap that follows with it. And on the other hand, there are reasonable, I mean it's very confusing signs out there, but there are some reasonable ones. Jeff, you're aware obviously of what happened with jobs today. On the other hand, you see more layoffs that have been announced over the last week or 2. So it's -- my view it's still a very confounding, tough environment to kind of decipher through. I do know though that, the program that we have in our internal investments will pay rewards for our shareholders in the future. So that I'm not worried about. And we would like to see better income growth and job growth. That would give us a cushion that we haven't been able to really have over the last couple of years even though we produced terrific industry-leading results.
David E. Simon: Yes, well -- unless you got a site you want to show us where the new malls, I still think are ways away. I think -- I still don't see a real demand for a lot of new malls. Now, Nanuet is a good example. You could consider that a new mall in a sense, but we put that in our redevelopment category.
David E. Simon: I assume they're -- our assumption is they're going to go full steam ahead, and we are going forward, will have no impact on what they do.
David E. Simon: We like that investment. In fact, we have an investment at the holding company more or less. And then there's investors in various outlets that in some cases are different than the investors at the holding company. And in fact we just increased our ownership interest in 2 outlets at year end.
David E. Simon: Yes, it could be. It could be. And if you want to see all the options, we'll let you spend. It's at your own peril, but we'll let you spend time with David Contis. And he could -- we could actually use your help, Craig.
David E. Simon: I would say they're generally strong. But the tourist outlets are the ones that are really kicking a**.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Dave, it's Steve. I'll just add one thing to what David said, which is, we do as as ordinary course of business, rollover a lot of secured debt, and we've been very active with extending duration and locking in rates given the environment that we're in. And in fact, I just happened to look at this, this morning, our weighted average borrowing cost over the course of the last 12 months went down 20 basis points, and on $24 billion of debt, that's a pretty meaningful move. So while the headline, "large raise of bond proceeds" we did just once in '11. We were doing a lot of nicking and nacking it around -- rolling over our debt, and it did affect the profile of the balance sheet.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, it's certainly a broad question. I will say this. If you look at our coverages today, which are 3x, and you look at the stability of the cash flow that was demonstrated during '08, '09, I think the strength of the balance sheet is pretty evident and the stability of the cash flow has been demonstrated that. I mean typically, we're going to naturally de-lever because of the cash flow we generate, absent the transaction. And as David said, we have the opportunity given the transaction to be very aggressive in the capital markets with the way the financing environment is right now.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, we'll -- you'll see the gain in the first quarter. It was an okay deal. It was not a great deal. The cap rates sale based upon '12 is around a 6.5 cap rate. We learned a lot. It was good experience. Ocean was a good partner. The reason we got out, we were more worried about the macro environment than they were. The redevelopment that was offered was less returns than what we wanted. And we had a mutually agreeable way to unwind, very similar to Macerich. That's what happens sometimes. And the cap rate was 6.5. It was an highly levered entity. That's why will have dilution this year. I think Steve, $0.06, $0.07 in our numbers. So had we not sold it, we would have had guidance higher. But we think in the long run, it was the right thing to do. It was an okay deal, not a great deal. I don't know what our IRR was, but the gain you'll see in the first quarter.
Stephen E. Sterrett: There's something else going on it, Steve. If you look at the balance sheet, you'll also see a decrease in our deferred cost and other assets. I think we had mentioned on prior calls that we held some mortgages as investments on other shopping centers. And those mortgages were paid back at their maturity date.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Steve, it's really a function and you'll see the line right above it on Page 15 as well, the professional expenses was up quite a bit in the quarter. We've got a lot of transaction activity going on, some of which materialized in the fourth quarter, some of which David alluded to, it's potential activity in '12, and it's just a combination of costs related to those. Some are professional expenses, some are related expenses, but they are all driven by transaction or potential transaction equity that we've got in the hopper right now.
Stephen E. Sterrett: No, I think the '12 -- I think the fourth quarter number, Steve, is higher than what you would see on a run-rate basis.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well -- and this is Steve, Jeff. We've also, year-to-date, as you've seen very little bankruptcy activity as well so...
Stephen E. Sterrett: If you look at our Sears portfolio, they are very well situated in our better properties. We have obviously significant numbers so throughout the portfolio. But again, this is nothing new. I mean, this is, we're working with Sears. We are strategizing if in fact the eventuality comes we want to deal with it, we're lining up demand. There is happily substantial demand. And we're just going to have to see how this unfolds. To date, none of our stores have been impacted. And we try to monitor their volumes, and our portfolio as a whole is above average both in terms of gross volumes and sales per foot.
Stephen E. Sterrett: I can take the second part of the question first, Jeff. We continue to see really pretty robust demand on, call it for lack of a better term, the middle-quality malls. And interestingly enough, it's come from the banks in anticipation of a restart of the CMBS market in 2012 and the ability to syndicate some of these. Pricing has been pretty decent. And as I said, we've been out with 2 or 3 assets, and the demand has been very good.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's a little bit of both, Carol. There's part of it where it's just the full year impact of compensation plans, but then there is -- a bit of it that is probably not going to repeat in 2012.
Benjamin Yang: Okay. And then just switching gears, you have made some comments also that you guys are different. You don't need to pre-lease to start the construction, which, to me, it sounds like, kind of a shot across the bar to the competition, so I was just curious, can you...
Benjamin Yang: But I'm just wondering, can you talk about how retailers have been evaluating the multiple options in those markets that you identified where there is competition. I mean it is just the stalemate that kind of forces you to, what looks like go to do some spec development outlets.
Benjamin Yang: That's helpful, but at what point do you end up actually buying the land. I mean is it satisfund [ph] that you've actually purchased the land in Phoenix, in Toronto, in St. Louis, is that...
