Stephen E. Sterrett: Alex, it's really the latter. The real estate market over there, the investment grade real estate market isn't deep enough that there are people who are dedicated real estate bond investors. So the interest was very high. I think we met with almost 50 investors during a 4.5-day roadshow. Almost all of them ended up coming into the deal. They are money managers, insurance companies, pension funds, really sticky, good, patient money. But they are -- they certainly viewed us not only as a best-in-class real estate company, but as a major U.S. corporate who has a presence in Europe, but also gets 90% of its income from the U.S., which was an important diversification element for them.
Stephen E. Sterrett: It's a good question, Alex. I mean, I would say this. Right now, we have a multi-currency tranche on our credit facility, and we do have yen outstanding that acts as a hedge against our equity investment in our Premium Outlets portfolio in Japan. No plans, at the present time, to go to the bond market in Japan, but that's certainly an option that would be available to us.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, this is Steve. Just to put a pin in it, though. Over the last 4 years, we spent over $12 billion in acquisition of assets, so not an insignificant number.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Craig, it's Steve. It's really neither. That number, the mix changes from time to time. We opened some projects, as David mentioned, the first year return on the stuff that has opened, which is no longer on the list, was 10.5%. So it's simply a mix change. But there's been no real fundamental change in our ability to get rents or cost control or our expectations for our development pipeline.
Stephen E. Sterrett: I think, Cedrik, the retailers want to be where they can be as productive as possible. And what you're finding in all of our properties is that we continue to add high impact retailers, making them more and more attractive to consumers, which drive sales, which drives retail interest. There's no magic to this business.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Tayo, the occupancy costs are 11.4%. I think we give you about 5 quarters of trailing in the supplemental on Page 23. And that's down 100 to 150 basis points from where it would have been going back to 2010. But I think, the other point I would add, is that it's been very stable over those 5 quarters. So we are -- we've been at that 11.3% to 11.4% range, and we still have momentum in our business. And that bodes, I believe, very well for our ability to hopefully continue our performance going forward.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Don't lose sight of the fact that between 2010 and 2012, over that 3-year period, sales were up 25% in our portfolio.
Stephen E. Sterrett: And the only thing I would add is David touched on the major redevelopment projects, we're also adding 39 new anchors across the platforms this year, and we've been adding that every year, and each of those additions just make our properties stronger. We also have an ongoing renovation program, where we're renovating a number of projects every year. And all that is just part of what we're doing to keep our products relevant and enhance their market share.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Jeremy, it's Steve Sterrett. It's a couple of things. One is, as David mentioned earlier, we have sold some assets. We also had a wholly-owned asset that converted into a joint venture in 2013. So there are fewer properties which is causing part of the decline that you're seeing. The rest of the decline is caused by the fact that insurance costs are a little lower. It's really those 2 items that are driving it.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Not really, David. It's pretty plain vanilla. We record -- as an example, we record tax expense as it relates to the Klépierre earnings that we picked up our share of every quarter. So relatively plain vanilla structure.
Michael Bilerman: David, a question on the outlet business. So the recent openings, you're up to probably 25%, 30% of NOI housed within outlets. And I'm sort of curious, one, we sort of reevaluate at this point sort of breaking that out as a stand-alone in terms of metrics, in terms of performance, just given the size and how good it's performing. But also, as you think about the pie assignment on Page 19 of your supplemental, where the sort of outlet to go over the next 5 years from what you can see relative to the other pieces in there? And maybe you can talk about sort of that range of opportunities that you see that you ended your comments with.
Michael Bilerman: What you're saying, the range of opportunities, as you sort of -- you ended your comments with that you're not resting on your laurels, you see a range of opportunities. Obviously, you talked about the development in outlets and all the redevelopment that's happening, what other sort of scope should we think about and how it impacts that -- your pie chart or the company in terms of opportunities? That's what I sort of want to dig into a little bit.
Michael Bilerman: Rick, I got a -- just a question on sort of occupancy. 95.5%, I recognize that includes the outlets, but I think that's the peak, overall, and certainly ahead of where you were even in the fourth quarter of last year. And so I'm just curious, as you head into the holiday season when you start including some of that temp spaces, how should we think about occupancy and full the portfolio is? How you're balancing that with rent, which continues to move up in terms of the spreads? And then as you think about '14, given the fact that you've already leased a lot of that space and done your renewals, what's that visibility that you have into '14 in terms of occupancy? It seems like a great place to start from at 95.5% today.
Michael Bilerman: So where does occupancy go then? I'm just -- I know you don't include temps, so what does that mean for the fourth quarter in terms of...
David E. Simon: Well, no, the fact is we really run this together, even though we have separated some personnel. The fact is, we really run the business as one entity on the outlets and the malls. So we don't see any reason to separate it out. And the fact is, both are -- we couldn't produce these results if both weren't producing very favorable results. They're both material enough. So the fact of the matter is, this is -- our numbers are a real good indication of what's going on in our business, whether you want to just look at malls or outlets. It's really -- it really is -- requires to deliver, both have to produce these kind of results to have it shown together. Now, with respect to the outlet business, look, that's where our new development is focused. As you know, we just opened 3, which is pretty good work. We've got a good pipeline of 4, 5, 6 others, a couple of which are already under construction. We've got another 3 or 4 that are in the pipeline. So that's going to continue to move the outlet business percentage up. On the other hand, as I mentioned to you, we are under construction, or about to be under construction, in Stanford, the Field, Del Amo, Houston Galleria, just a -- I won't -- I know Rick wants to list them all, but I will not let him. So just to name a few. And I think that will start to kick in '15, '16, '17, that will probably rebalance the pie chart as we look back in 3, 4 years from now.
David E. Simon: If I told you, then you would upgrade somebody and the price would go up. So I'd rather just keep that to myself.
David E. Simon: Yes, look, I think, as Steve said, is as we look back since 2010 -- and these are gross numbers, we've purchased about $12.8 billion -- these are gross, so it includes debt assumption, all these other stuff, not necessarily our share. But we've acquired about $12.8 million. We disposed about $2.7 million. And we've developed $1 billion of new stuff ground up. So, again, I know it gets lost in the sauce, but we're always very focused on upgrading and reconstituting the portfolio. And we see -- look we see, international growth ahead of us, Michael, if that's what you're asking. And in the U.S., we've got the expansion pipeline, which is overwhelming. I mean, literally, nobody in our industry is doing what we're doing, expanding our existing great assets. Nobody. And also complementing that is all the new development we're doing in the outlet business, of which, as you know, we're executing consistent with the returns that we've done historically. Toronto is great. St. Louis is great. We're under construction in Charlotte. Montréal based upon Houston is great. Vancouver, now that we're in the McArthurGlen partnership, that's going to be good. We got a couple of new sites that we're working on, some ourselves, some with partners. Tampa is an example, and so on. So there's a lot to do. And how that pie chart changes, we'll see. But the fact of the matter is, we see pretty good growth organically just assuming we can execute the way we have in the past.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I do think the mall has a unique advantage in that it's already got the infrastructure -- physical infrastructure to satisfy consumers that want same-day delivery. Now it sounds great, it's a little more complicated than that. But to the extent, one of the things having spent yesterday with our mall team, just kind of going -- not property by property, that we look forward to on a couple of weeks. But the thing that I am focused on in our mall business -- and when I say mall business, I include the outlets, is that we have to make -- we've always made retailer service a priority. So Rick and I are as good at sucking up to retailers as possible, okay? Sometimes, Rick is better than I am, but we both can suck up when required. The one thing we don't do the way I would like us to, is I really want to -- I want to provide better service to our consumers, the actual shoppers. And whether that's -- something we instituted last year was just surprising delights, come to the mall and we're going to give you a free cup of coffee, we're going to schlep your bags. We're going to make your visit really better. Think about the hotel level of service at a good hotel when you're checking in and they're taking care of you to make your stay pleasant. With that said, we do think delivery, or schlepping, you remember we started YourSherpa -- probably not politically correct, but whatever. But we started this years ago, we are actually too far ahead of our time. But the fact of the matter is, we want to increase the level of customer service that we provide to our shoppers. We think this is consistent with that, whether this venture will do that or not, we don't know, we'll going to continue to experiment, we've got a whole smorgasbord of things that we're investing to do that and the sole purpose is to make the consumer visit more pleasant, which is a huge focus for us this year, next year and the year after.
David E. Simon: Well, I would say that would be terrific if we could ultimately get to their store-level inventory and be able to communicate that to the consumer, much like the mall aggregates all the physical stores. If we could figure out how to do that, that would be great. It's not that easy because you have to essentially get into the customer -- or the retailer's inventory. But the one thing I want you to do is when you do go to the mall, I want to be able to tell you, when you go to the mall, here's what's new in retailer XYZ, here's what promotion XYZ retailer has. Here's who does have a white shirt, to go to what retailer. So you have a -- your first stop at the mall is going to be able to communicate to you what's new and what's exciting so that makes your visit that much more pleasant if, in fact, we can do that. And more profitable for you. So I think it's interesting to do it while you're in the physical environment, as it is whether you're at home or on your mobile device.
David E. Simon: Well, it's a function of demand is solid, and you got to look at what's expiring. So as I said, we -- there's a huge focus of our retailers sales. We've tried to explain the correlation is slight, if at all, and it's in a lag. The fact is, as you know, retail sales have gone up dramatically since the Great Recession. And you look at what's expiring and you look at the supply and demand characteristics, you put it all together, it's more of an art than a science, and that's why we're able to have pretty good releasing spreads. Now, the fact of the matter is $8 is pretty damn good. We're finishing our budget for next year. We're going to see good comp NOI growth just like we had in the last 2 or 3 years. And that ultimately does not take into account when we look at what the Houston Gallerias and the Fields and the Del Amos are going to do after those developments are done. And those malls have been transformed to take the rightful position in the 21st century of great real estate that can't be duplicated. So I can't -- we're not going to give you a number, but things are okay and we'll continue to pound away.
David E. Simon: Well, generally, September was a pretty bad month in terms of traffic and sales for all retailers. And we're starting to hear and feel the traffic is bouncing back in October. But clearly, clearly, the general economy has slowed. And we're no -- the fact is, we get impacted by that less than most others because of where our properties are positioned and the depth and breadth and the diversity of our properties. But the fact is, we're not denying that the world -- the U.S. has actually slowed. We could talk philosophically about why, but it's nothing with what we're doing. But we're -- we certainly have seen that from our retailers generally across the board to both high-end, middle and at the more moderate customer base.
David E. Simon: Yes, and probably a stupid one. Yes, off the cuff and stupid. It's a little early. We're usually at 11:00, 9:00 we're trying to get our groove on. So the fact is, it's probably off the cuff.
David E. Simon: Well, again, Cedrik, I believe there's been one that's been built that's more infilled. So we do not hear -- I will just tell you this, our outlet business is great. We're building terrific products. We will not make pronouncements about what the future of the world is going to be, we're not that good or arrogant. We're going to continue to do what we do. We're picking -- we've always picked, over the last several years, major, important metro markets, usually suburban locations -- Toronto, St. Louis, New Hampshire, go down list, all of which have been very successful. We're continuing to do that. There may be 1 or 2 built that's more urban. But one does not make a trend. We will not make pronouncements here. We're not in that business. We're in running our business day in and day out to increase our cash flow, make smart investments, smart developments. And our track record indicates, so far, knock on wood, we're pretty good at that. But I will not make pronouncements if that's the new trend, one does not make a trend.
David E. Simon: Well, the fact that we're 100% leased on every outlet that we opened gives you an indication what they're telling us.
David E. Simon: Well, Rich, the fact is, we're always looking to do as much portfolio management as we can. And as I mentioned to you earlier, I mean, since 2010, basically, $12.8 billion of acquisitions, $2.7 billion of dispositions, $1 billion of new development, not including the redevelopment. So that's part of our focus day in and day out, and that will always be an important thing in terms of what we do. And the form of which that takes will depend on market conditions, but we'll continue to do portfolio management. It's very important, very vital. It's been something that we've been pretty good at over the 20-year history of a public company. So we'll continue to do that, Rich.
David E. Simon: Well, again, I'm not going to share exactly the internal workings that we do day in and day out in terms of how do you do the best portfolio management possible. But needless to say, if you look at our history, it's an important thing that the senior management team needs to do. And we'll continue to do it to the best of our ability. So I'm not saying one way or another exactly how that will be done, it'll just -- we will portfolio manage to the best of our abilities.
David E. Simon: Well, let me answer that, I mean, the perception that retailers negotiate -- let's take an example, let's say, their comp NOI is up 4% and they're willing to pay $11. And the comp sales are flat, they go to $10. It's not reality, okay? If they look at it over a longer period of time, what they're going to do, what the return on equity and profitability in that store is. So, again, we try to give you a sense of these numbers generally, what's happening in the -- from our retailers. But the fact is, comps -- the immediate ups and downs of comps have no bearing on what rent we can charge overall. And so -- over a long period of time, potentially. But the one thing you have to remember is, our comp sales also include the retailers that are going out of favor. And if they were in favor 5 or 7 years ago, sometimes, they're able to negotiate whatever rents because we think they are a new and exciting retailer. If that wanes or waxes, the fact is, we're able to replace that retailer with someone else that's there. So there is no, "Boy, I had a bad quarter of sales; therefore, I'm going to charge -- I want to pay you less rent." It doesn't work that way.
David E. Simon: Now, I would say, generally, it's not -- there's not a real impact of the mall environment. Both with the old Penney, the potential new-transformed Penney, and now the recovering to back-to-basics Penney. I mean, if you go through kind of the 3 cycles the way they were doing it, the radical change, now back-to-basics Penney. The fact of the matter is, it really hasn't impacted kind of the entire mall environment than what we have. If they get back to the basic Penney, having them -- they do broaden the mix generally in the environment and they appeal to a more moderate consumer, which we'd love to have in a number of cases, in a number of malls, as well as the higher-income consumer. And that market is there for them to appeal to that consumer in the mall environment, which they've done historically for 100-plus years. So -- and even before the mall environment. So we'll wait and see how they do that. But it's really had no impact on the -- what I'll call, the mall environment.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're glad that they are. But again, it's not a huge impact on what's going on in the mall.
David E. Simon: Well, I'm not going to comment on the value of our stock other than you look -- you need to look at us as a company that can increase its cash flow and its dividend and it has a lot of future, very high returns on equity investments, underlevered, ability to execute its game plan. We get caught up too much on A malls, B malls, tenant sales, all of that stuff. Put it all in the blender, you allocate it, you figure out what's most important to you. What's most important to me is cash flow growth and return on investment and equity, and that's what we strive to execute. And ability to finance our business appropriately, making smart investment decisions, which all kind of factors in. Then the market decides what the value of the stock should be. I don't -- I don't get carried away one way or the other. And the fact is, we look at every asset as it's very important to our business. We look at the future growth prospects. If we might dispose of them, we look at what the price we might get. We'd factor in the taxable income, what we might have to do in terms of dividends if we sold it. Because, as you know, we're at our taxable income number, it's growing rapidly. Our dividend is going to grow. We put all those things in and we try to do the best we can, and we'll see where it takes us. So it's good -- the big picture -- I'm not going to comment on price other than it's, I think, is very positive, generally speaking, that there's a lot of activity in -- if you want to call it B or C malls, call it B or C mall. And I think that never hurts us as an owner of -- if you want to say we're an owner of B and C, that's fine, it never hurts us that there's a lot of capital activity in that business.
David E. Simon: Well, I think, historically, the better the center or the more -- let me say it differently, the more market share any piece of real estate has, the better its cash flow growth characteristics they have. So whether it's A or B, is irrelevant. It's really a question of, does it have market share, what's the competitive outlook. And those that have that position have better growth characteristics, generally speaking.
David E. Simon: It's very much structured towards sales. But it's even more clever in the sense that they have -- in their leases, they get a percent of sales. But the high watermark is then fixed at kind of their base rent, so you get the best of both worlds in a sense. And these centers, on average, do just a -- if you convert, you all can convert, but we'll do it. These things average about $900 a foot. So it is a -- the ones that we've invested in. And as we think over time, we'll be able to invest in other outlets in Europe through McArthurGlen. We think it's a very productive portfolio and extension opportunities and the like. So we think it's -- we like it and we expect it to be a very good investment for us over time. And I think we're coming in at a decent valuation. So again, that's our ability to assess real estate, handle the complexity of a partnership like this, different countries, different personalities. We're one of the few companies that are able to do a deal like this. And that is a, respectfully I say, a competitive advantage for the company.
David E. Simon: It's good. Because the right to build in Europe continues whether it's an outlet or even a full priced, it continues to be very high -- or very hard, I should say.
David E. Simon: Yes, you really -- yes, none. I mean, that -- there's some -- always going to be some quarter-to-quarter volatility, but no issue there. We don't buy -- we're very frugal, as you know, when it comes to tenant allowance and the like.
David E. Simon: Well, look, let me just -- if I could just comment generally on it. We are in the midst, again, of doing the biggest extensions and the biggest redevelopments that we have. So as an example, I'm not going to do the list. We are under construction in the Field, Roosevelt Field, we are under construction in Stanford, we're under construction shortly in Houston Galleria. And we're getting the approvals in the King of Prussia to create the extension between the 2 big assets. We just got approval from the BRA at Copley, we still need another hurdle. So we are literally -- we just finished Nanuet, Shops at Nanuet, which -- if anybody that's seen the mall prior to what we've done before, you would be pleasantly surprised not only just with the transformation but with the lease-up. So we are -- so for Del Amo, to name another one, we're in the midst of a huge construction there, bringing Nordstrom in and all the rest. So right now, the biggest focus is executing these huge, big redevelopments that are going to be really exciting. And there's a lot of opportunities beyond that. And our pipeline, in terms of redevelopment, is in the $4 billion to $5 billion range. But beyond discussing it, because everybody can have the shadow, the fact of the matter is, it's happening right now. Right now it's happening. So this is no longer, "We're going to do this," it's actually happening. And I've got the pictures to prove it, if you're interested.
David E. Simon: Well, the fact is that some of our percentage rents -- we've had certain tenants that have run into harder sales and then some that have picked the balance up, so it's all over the lot. But we'll see how it -- we'll see how the next couple of months pan out, David. It's very hard for us to give you a really specific answer to that question. We do have certain earnings tie -- risk tied to percentage rent. We gave -- we took that into account in raising our guidance. And -- but it's clear, and we're not denying this. It is clear that -- and it's not Simon Property Group, it is clear that the economy has slowed. You've seen it with wages, you've seen it with employment, needless to say, we don't have to get into what's going on in terms of leadership in our country. None of which we use as an excuse because we put blinders on, the best of our abilities, when it comes to that kind of stuff. But we're operating at a high level in a very slow growth economy. And we are outpacing the growth in the economy, and that's all that we can do. But we are affected by the economy. I mean, I wish I wasn't, but we are. And...
David E. Simon: Good question. Good question. The fact is, I don't have an immediate -- usually I would just make something up, but I can't even come up with that at this point. But I would say a little bit like coming out of -- my initial reaction would be coming out of the -- when we were public, coming out of kind of the '97, that era where we're just kind of -- we weren't -- we hadn't ended, we'd survived and it was just grinding -- we were grinding about. And by the way, we we're grinding, I got double digits FFO increase, okay? So just keep that in perspective. But kind of like that, David, would be the initial off-the-cuff reaction.
David E. Simon: Yes. In fact, it's -- just to reinforce what Steve said, if you look at our -- we did -- as we made more international investments, we're having to pay taxes in those jurisdictions. And if you see in our P&L, we actually separated that out so that you can see that impact, because it's becoming less than trivial.
David E. Simon: No, no. I wish I were. And I like its stock quote [ph]. But I don't want the pearl icon on me, but I do wish I were Apple.
David E. Simon: Well, we don't -- our only goal is to make smart investments, and investments that we can add value to. So the fact of the matter is, if the -- if our international business stays the same or goes up slightly, it doesn't -- that's not how we think. We're only looking to make smart investments where we can add value. And we have a higher threshold in international investments, because it's a lot of work and it's got to be -- there's no desire here just to do international for the sake of international. The desire here is to make international investments because, one, we think we can add value; and, two, is because we think at the end of the day, we're going to make money, and Klépierre is a perfect example of that. So I don't have, in my mind, it ought to go from X to Y. And each jurisdiction that we're in is different, but we are doing new development in Asia. We're not an acquirer of assets in Asia just because it's a tougher market. And we're sticking to the outlet business and markets that we're in where we can develop and it meets our threshold return requirements, which has been, certainly a real challenge in China, as an example. And that's why we did an investment in '08 and '09, we got out of it, and we haven't done anything since.
David E. Simon: Well, China, I gave to you. Brazil, we continue to look at opportunities there in the outlet sector, a few sites that we're in, but nothing really imminent in the marketplace.
