David Simon: Well, thank you, Michael, for that question. So look, we're not presumptuous to tell any retailer under any circumstance how to run their business. So it's really entirely up to them on how they see fit, how to manage inventory et cetera. And just our own experience within SPARC, we have several brands. And we did see some softness in the more value-oriented brands. And again, we do think that pressure on the consumer with respect to food, housing, obviously, gas, and they reined it in. But again, I think the important thing to keep in mind, Michael, is even with that said, we were profitable. We had an unbelievably strong year last year with Penney and SPARC. We're still projecting really high EBITDA growth for these companies. And even though they're -- obviously, their consumers being cautious, back-to-school so far is off to a good start. Our traffic is actually pretty good. And I think just from our own operating experience, the SPARC management team and the Penney, I think, do what a lot of retailers do. They rein in discretionary capital. They watch the overhead. They really don't close stores because stores are profitable to them. They watch marketing expenses that -- they're very focused on the payback when it comes to return on investment [Indiscernible] digital spending. So I think the JCPenney and SPARC team will do kind of similar to what others, but we would never tell a retailer what they should do. If they want to compare notes, we're happy to do that, but that's just not our style. And again,-- and we try to -- it's really important. This other business that we're in is not our -- it's a very small part of our business. It's under 10% at the end of the day. We have no cash adjustment in it. So I've got -- I'm just talking cash-on-cash return, let's go simple math. I've taken distributions, cash distributions in both SPARC and Penney that basically has me at a zero net investment. And it will -- they'll have volatility with the earnings like any other retailer, and that's just the way of the world. And it's all upside, frankly. And these businesses are importantly, and this is very important, they're very well positioned. They're very well positioned to weather if this continues, which we kind of expected to. They're very well positioned to weather any storm because as a simple example, JCPenney has $1.3 billion of liquidity, just to throw that out there. So I hope that answers your question.
David Simon: Well, we unencumbered -- the reason we have lower interest expense is because we unencumbered assets. We have that flexibility. So we don't like the mortgage market, unlike some others. We just write a check, and we -- that's why we have lower interest expense compared to last year, and I did the Q-over-Q because we can write a check and just unencumber it.
David Simon: At a lower cost. So we look at that all the time. And that may not be buying debt back, but it's more or less the same thing. Ends in the same result.
David Simon: Well, again, our lower end is just not -- just to get -- it's a good question because we don't put these numbers in, but our EBITDA weighted -- this excludes TRG, but our EBITDA weighted sales are $954 a foot. Our average base rent actually increased 70 basis points -- at 73, 41 versus 70, 287. So -- and that's what's driving our NOI, right, because it's the bigger properties. Look, it is across the board. It's also across the retail type. It's restaurants. It's entertainment. It's obviously the high-end folks, but it's a -- and I don't like naming retailers. Rick does, but bother me, and he's not here to do it. So -- but we have value-oriented retailers that are on very much aggressive opening program. So it really is across the board. Only the best properties get the high-end folks. We're seeing a big rebound in Vegas. Florida is on fire. California spying the sea legs. Westchester and Roseville Field are all coming back as the suburb. So Midwest has been stable. So we're seeing it across the board by retailer, by price point, by geography, by mix pretty much across the board. And -- so I mean I'm not -- it's not really granular and you probably wanted names. But -- and we have not seen, thankfully, even with the -- with what's going on in the world. We really haven't seen anyone back out of deals of note at all. And I said this last quarter, I said it this quarter in my prepared remarks. The U.S. is the -- let's hope the U.S., we don't screw it up. But the U.S. is the bastion of growth for the world compared to -- because we know China is with the way COVID is dealt with there, that's going to have ebbs and flows. And I think our economy is still pretty healthy. Consumers in good shape. I think the growth will continue in the U.S., and I think the future is bright here.
David Simon: Well, look, as a REIT, it will always be the dividend. So that would -- I mean, it's hard to rank it. But I think clearly, the dividend we have to pay out 90% to 95% of our taxable income. There's a difference to you pay out 90% technically versus 95%. But you got to pay out 95% of our taxable income. We're fortunate to be highly -- we had taxable income. So we pay out close to -- we're at 100% of our taxable income. That's growing. So that's going to be paid out in cash. Obviously, we've modified that twice in our history. One was COVID, obviously, when we were shut down and two was in The Great Recession. So that always will rank number one. Two is we -- our stock is just -- we look at other REITs. We look at other S&P 500 companies. We look at our balance sheet. We look at the fact that we're a cash flow company that generates cash, return on equity, we make deals like SPARC that gets all our money back, and we have free cash flow. We can't figure out our value. So the reality is the market -- we have refuted e-commerce, taking the malls down. We have still COVID. Our business is strong, growing in the enclosed mall business. In the enclosed mall business is strong, yet we have naysayers out there that don't believe it, but we believe it. So our stock is cheap, and we're going to keep buying stock back. And then I think we have a duty to make our properties as efficient and as attractive as we can to the consumer. I mean, obviously, we have to do it with a remind -- we had to do it with a return on investment methodology, i.e., if we had a property and we spent all this money on and got no return, we wouldn't do it. But where we can do that, that's what we should do and we will do that and then the external stuff I don't really care about. And if it's there and it makes sense, we'll do it. We have the flexibility to do it. But I'd rather do the dividend, buy our ridiculously cheap stock back, make our existing portfolio better and then every once in a while, we'll have great new development to do they'll do it because that also is a core competency of ours that we'll do. And that's how I look at it.
David Simon: Yes. Thank you. I'm happy to talk on real estate. And look, I mean, Phipps is fantastic story because we took an old department store. It had was an underperformer, had 14 acres. We couldn't redevelop it. We're going to spend around $350 million, and we're going to get about a $35 million of NOI just on that. But more importantly -- well, I shouldn't say more importantly, in addition to that, -- and eventually, we'll show everybody what we did, but we -- the leasing momentum that we have created there in terms of retenanting, re-leasing Phipps is staggering. So Phipps, again, we don't really disclose that. But my guess is the existing property will increase by roughly 30% NOI when we're done with it, if not more without that -- not including the incremental that's what I just mentioned. But because of all the retenanting and more importantly, we will have all of the best brands when we're done with it, and that's ongoing. That won't all be done probably until '24 because some of the other existing retailers have leases, and they're coming over after that. But we're taking a quiet mall and making it -- and it's going to be, I think, the hub of activity in a great area in Buckhead and a lot of good stuff is happening in Atlantic at the same time. But yes, the simple answer to your question is I would hope to do that in Brea, Ross Park, go down the list. But yes, we have a ton of those opportunities and the mixed use -- most of our real estate is really well located and adding the mixed-use components, especially residential really does add a lot of synergy, a lot of mojo of the property. So we hope for that to continue.
David Simon: Let me talk time lines. The only -- the biggest issue that we're having on time lines is in what I call in the restaurant industry in that some of the equipment required to open restaurants does have a backlog. This -- the storefront improvement is increasing. Obviously, tenants are very, very focused on that, not affecting timing, but it is something that we're watching has not affected deal flow or deal economics. And I do think the good news when it comes to at least materials, we are at a lower level than we were a few months ago. So on a timing side, it's really just equipment for restaurants. On our return development, nothing -- yes, we have a little bit more here and there, but nothing that is going to ultimately decide to go from a go project to a negative. If anything, in a lot of these cases, we're planning on higher income, so they seem to be getting basically the same returns. But we're not -- nothing has changed dramatically that would suddenly scratch the project.
David Simon: I think we can do both. I think we -- and again, I mean, some of these things, we really want folks to focus on others in our sector. When you put us in perspective, we're buying stock back. We're not issuing equity, and we're raising our dividend. I don't -- there are very few and you can define the sector anyway you want, and I don't want -- but there's not many -- we're just built a little bit differently even though we may be in the same industry, we were built differently, okay. And so that's the important point, and that's why we really try to emphasize it much like we emphasize SPARC about some of the mathematical differences about our company beyond just we're in the same business. It is math. At the end of the day, you got to run your business, so the math works. But yes, I'd like buying our stock back. But like I said, I do think we have a duty to continue to invest in our portfolio as long as we see the right return on investment on that.
David Simon: No, I just think we've worked well together and the portfolio is in great shape and driving -- and we're driving growth out of it collectively. So it's all good.
David Simon: I'll let Brian answer the -- it was very clever to get two questions. I'll let Brian answer the first, and then I'll take a shot at the second part.
David Simon: And then I would say -- the big, big retailers had a glut of inventory. We -- the luxury guys do not have a glut of inventory, okay? So that's not happening. And to the extent that -- the SPARC brands, by and large, are already in a lot of outlets, some of ours. A lot or not ours. There's really no change in plan. Maybe there's been a few -- some of the brands, not just SPARC but elsewhere had a few pop-ups. But net ebbs and flows, I don't think, Floris, there's any interesting dynamic going on that. And there's not a lot of folks with a glut of inventory as far as I can see, I mean, obviously, some bigger folks. But most of those guys want to plug through their existing system, and there is no -- the higher-end folks, there's no glut of inventory that we see.
David Simon: No. No, not really. So it was -- I mean, not really. We didn't really -- in fact, in July, in a lot of cases, we saw a little bit better results recently. So no real trend there, Vince.
David Simon: I would absolutely -- we definitely have seen that where the value-oriented retailers or -- there's no question the consumer that is pressed on discretionary income is dealing with a very difficult situation with food, obviously, gas and dwelling. So -- and they're reining in their spend. So there's no question about that. But we're -- but we haven't really seen that at all in kind of the better brands. And like I mentioned earlier, SPARC, like the Brooks Brothers, the luckies of the world are doing very well. But where you do see it a little bit is in the value-oriented retailer or the younger consumer that suddenly gas has taken a lot out of the pocket book.
David Simon: No. I mean, Craig, we were really clear. We're actually outperforming what we thought. We -- Q1 of last year had the big benefit of going up against COVID, right? So now we were really, really clear what we saw overall, and we've been outperforming. And I think we'll outperform our initial guidance of 2%, but that's nothing other than that or normal seasonality of the business, Craig. Yes. I mean this is better than our plan and is consistent with our plan, even though the trend is above our plan.
David Simon: Well, I've said that several times. Yes, the answer is we have not -- our pipeline is as strong as it's been. We're doing a bunch of new deals. Now Craig, you know when you sign a lease, the store doesn't open tomorrow in a lot of cases. And this is really, really important for everyone to understand, we're very optimistic because a lot of the leasing that we've done really doesn't open until '23, '24. So not only are we outperforming our budget this year off a strong last year, but we actually feel really good that as we get these stores open that we leased to over the last 6, 9 months. That will continue to fuel positive comp NOI. Thank you, Craig.
David Simon: Well, it's a very -- look, I think we feel really positive about the portfolio, the results that will generate from the portfolio. And again, the higher income consumer is still spending money. And if anything, I think if you go back in history and actually, Tom did a very good piece on that. If any of you're interested, you can call Tom. He'll go through it with you. Our business and our industry actually tends to outperform during recessionary environments to the extent that we get there and maybe we're in one, maybe we're not, I'll stay out of that political definition primarily because the big ticket items suddenly go toward kind of what we sell at our product. So -- and that's kind of somewhat of an insurance policy and it's historically always proved to be very positive. So even in every recession, other than COVID when we were told to shut down, our cash flow from our properties was flat. It did not decrease. So Tom has a great paper on it. If you're interested, we'll charge you, but we'll give you the data. I think the same case will be here. We'll -- if we do get into a full-blown recession, our cash flow will be positive. It won't maybe grow is high. We'll have some exposure on sales, but we do see the big tickets kind of go away and they move toward the items that we sell in our properties. And again, I think you asked something about SPARC -- again, it's really just a couple of the brands. It's also going against a great year. And again, let's have a bigger picture view of that business.
David Simon: Yes. I think that's more a function of documentation than dealmaking in that we don't put that done until signed and a lot of our bigger renewals have been done over the last 2, 3, 4 months, and all that's being documented. So I would expect that, that number would continue to go down, but we have no fear in that number.
David Simon: I think -- I don't -- see, I don't think the NOI was lower quarter over -- sequentially quarter-over-quarter. You think -- we do have a lot of companies hit in overage rent in the first quarter because their leases end in January 31. And so you pick some of that up in Q1, but that's not -- that would be the only reason.
David Simon: And we did increase our operating expenses $0.05. We did have a negative $0.05 for the quarter there.
David Simon: Well, no. Klepierre was shut down last quarter. So this is kind of more -- I mean, last year this quarter. So this is -- they're still not firing on all cylinders, so we'd expect future growth here. So comparing to Q2 of '21 compared to Q2 of '22, Q2 of '21, they were under a lot of restrictions and in some places closed. And HBS is so small. It's insignificant. But there's no real change there. We -- it's a lease that pays a certain amount of rent every month. So it's -- there's no very little growth other than like the normal step-ups. Very small, but the change is.
David Simon: Well, rents are all moving in the right direction and our spreads are moving in the right direction, too.
David Simon: As we've said for several years, we do not update that. We give you our best guess at the beginning of the year. It's all part of our plan. We disclosed what we think the number is. Well, we do not update it quarter-to-quarter other than as we've said, we're pretty confident we're going to beat our initial expectations.
David Simon: Well, we -- I mean that's a -- I don't have enough time to go through it. But obviously, we're -- it's across the enterprise. And obviously, from an operating point of view, a lot of it continues to be focused on reducing our carbon footprint, but -- and giving back to the communities, which we do in a lot of different ways. But it's a -- that's a very long. Please read our report. If you don't have it, there's a link, I'm sure, Tom can give it to you. But it's certainly focused on -- the big item is focusing on reducing our carbon footprint.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. I believe that's our allotted time. So thanks for everybody's questions. And any follow-up, please call Tom and Brian. Thank you.
