David Simon: Well, the only situation that we have right now is in El Paso, where an enclosed mall is been asked to essentially shut down, that is of recent, that happened over the weekend. Again, I think enclosed malls are being treated unfairly and inconsistently, but we deal with what we deal with right now. That’s the only one Craig, we’re hopeful that that will reopen. And listen, I think the consumer obviously is cautious. Our quarter-over-quarter sales decrease is only 10%. So, the consumer is starting to come back. They’re wearing masks and with all our protocols, we’re – we’re hopeful that – that trend will continue, but there’s certainly no guarantees. And as far as predicting the government and state and local actions, I mean obviously, the level of inconsistency, it’s been very frustrating. It’s been state-by-state, city-by-city, county-by-county. It is a testament and often on look – often overlook that enable to deal with this as well as we have, and we’ve done it, when I’ve asked people to take pay cuts, and they’ve done it. They’ve shown up to work every day. You’ve seen the collection – the improvement in collections. I think we’re making basically all the right moves and – but we can only deal with what we can deal with. I have no – I don’t know if further restrictions will be in order, we have yet to see any evidence that our environment spreads anything. obviously, the outlets and outdoor centers are doing better. But as you know, we have 50% of our portfolio NOI dedicated to that. That’s kind of why I think you see our performance the way it is, and the one line item that’s up, if you looked at our financials, is real estate taxes, when are local jurisdictions going to start giving relief to retail real estate taxes, compared to distribution warehouses and the like. It’s completely opposite. We do more for the communities than other property types and I am hopeful that at one point in the near future that that they – these communities will recognize it.
David Simon: Well, I think it’ll – that’ll be a function of whether we have further bankruptcies or not, Craig. I think based on what it is, we should be fine, but I mean, it is possible that we’ll have further bankruptcies and we’ll have to – when that happens, obviously, we’ll deal with that. But there’s certainly some bankruptcies that are potential out there in the next few months.
David Simon: Listen, I think the – we’re a strong believer in the outlet business, as you know and especially, with retailers and brands moving more and more toward direct to consumer. And so I think that plays well into that and obviously, the outdoor environment continues to be an advantage certainly with the COVID [indiscernible] much part of our lives. So, I like where we are. I think, over time our portfolio, non-core assets will be shed, usually those don’t have a material impact on our NOI or cash flow. And so I kind of like where we are – we’ll probably shed some more properties. I think international is intriguing now. There’s value that we’ve added, the outlet business there that we have is very good. The outlet business in Asia is strong. So, we’re going to want to grow that, but I feel kind of like the diversity by region, by product type and by – certainly, by domestic versus international. So, our international results were pretty good. They were down though; we had some new properties open up and some expansion. So, it’s hard to see that, but the core number was down a little bit, but they came back pretty strong. Obviously, there’s a big wave going on now in Europe. So, they’re starting some more restrictions, but I think the direct to consumer from the brands is really important and I think that plays well in the outlet business. by the way, it’s helping shop premium outlets. It’s been an hour and a half with my partners, both at Rue La La, Gilt and the kinetic folks going through a [indiscernible] that want to be hooked up. So, this vision that we had is actually going to come to fruition, I hope, knock on wood. So, I like where we are. But we’re always looking at quality real estate and I look at the quality more – quality is more important than potentially, the property type and I think that’s the big focus and there’s going to be obsolescent retail real estate. And so I think owning the best of the best is going to be a key to our success in the future.
David Simon: Because when Lilly gets their vaccine, I hope, my team is first in line, just because we’re there across the street from us. Okay. So, we’ll see.
David Simon: You’re asking for guidance cleverly. But I – listen, I would, everything is very still up in the air and obviously, we had – the worlds had this positive news today about the vaccine, but the fact is COVID is spiking. So, we have to be very serious that I would hope Alex. I mean, the big issue, the big thing that we’ve confronted aggressively in Q2 and Q3, and the way I look at it, frankly, there’s almost put those two quarters together, because you’re right in a – we took the P&L hit when we granted the abatement and that’s the right way to look at it, but I would think that the vast majority of any abatements are behind us. That’s though to be clear, that’s not to say that if there’s an appropriate trade with a retailer that’s a win-win for us, that we won’t do more. And what does that really mean? it’s new deals lease extent, it’s the normal stuff to do. But I would literally hope that the worst is behind us. But listen, I don’t know what the new COVID cases today was. I was a little busy, but I’m sure it’s well over 100,000. And I can’t guarantee that, but I would say between the credit provisions and the bankruptcies. I’m sorry – the credit provisions, including the bankruptcies are kind of all melded in that number and the abatements that we went out of our way to do, we weren’t legally required to do, but we did for people that were; one, on the local front, very sensitive to their plight; and two, there was a decent trade for us and the retailer, and we want them to prosper, frankly. I would hope that the vast majority of those two numbers, credit loss permissions, as well as abatements are behind us.
David Simon: I said that majority of it, we did grant abatements to others. So, there’s other abatements that have been in there. I mean – but that, again, that’s a – it’s a pretty big number in terms of that we didn’t have to do. And like I said, I hope that it’s behind us. We’ll have more in the Q4, but what we’re projecting is a lot lower than what we’ve had in Q2 and Q3 together.
David Simon: Well first of all, we’re – we do, don’t underestimating buying things cheap. Okay, Alex. So, that’s always, it’s always good to do that regardless. Listen, I just think based on the sales that we’re seeing from the brands, we do a lot of brand research and then we attacked the problems with the profitability, given I won’t name names, but Brooks brothers is a great example. It’s got a great following. It had the strangest real estate footprint. They were – they had single stores that were paying $3 million a year in rent. I won’t name names and the ability to reject those leases and create profitability there, get out of bad stores, reduce the overhead and then do all this special marketing and with ABG has been a winning formula. In addition to that, we source it better and since we have this platform, where we can leverage our base off of, it’s just like – it’s been a very profitable thing. I will tell you one day spark will be worth. I mean, this isn’t my style, but it’s going to be worth, we’re going to make a plus on that investment without question. And it’s just – we know the brands, we do a lot of research. ABG has been a very good partner. They know how to blow out the license aspect of it, which we’re a partner in. We get out of bad stores. We buy the inventory at a discount. We right-size the overhead and we’re just – and with better business judgment and lo and behold, you suddenly have a business that’s got positive – significant positive EBITDA and you haven’t paid much for it that and I think when you put it all together, we’ll have something that’ll have great positive EBITDA and we’ll end up making $1 billion plus out of it.
David Simon: I mean, yes. I don’t – it’s been a good, it’s been a great investment, so why – I don’t know that we’ll exit anytime soon.
David Simon: It’s a little, the only thing, Caitlin, it is a little – obviously, it’s more volatile than the rent aspect of our business. But you’ll – because it’s getting a little bit bigger, not materially bigger, but a little bigger, we decided to outline that separately. So, you can look at it as a standalone on its own. And then obviously, don’t forget, they do pay us contracted rent to – Spark is a rent payer to the Simon Property Group and it’s a property. So, we get the added benefit of the cash flow from running the business operate and then obviously, we get the added benefit of the rent, that’s collected from the entity with the stores that we have.
David Simon: Well listen, I think, I think we still are very, very cautious in the sense of the dividend, just with respect to COVID. So, once we, I mean, I feel like at least that the worst is behind us, but we don’t know for sure. So, I think we’ll continue to be conservative in that. Obviously, you see our cap spend a way down a new development or redevelopment, that may pick up a little bit next year. So, we’ll balance that obviously, we got to deal with our taxable income as well, but I can’t give you a real through run rate yet and I think we’ll be in a better position in 2021 to explain that when we do our earnings guidance, which we will reinstate in our earnings call, I mean, we have a pretty good idea what we expect from next year. But we’d like to go ahead and finish the year as well, given all the volatility out there, but we’re confident of dividend and the cash paying aspects of it and the cash flow generation from our company. And I think if you saw that in the Q3, a reasonably healthy pickup from Q2 and when we were really in the midst of trying to figure out COVID.
David Simon: Well again, that’s, I’m not going to get into the – as much as you want. I’m not going to – that’s not really the purpose of the call to go through the granularity of all the leases. But I would say generally, the lease terms have not changed. TAs have not really increased and we’re seeing more box activity. There’s a number of retailers that want to grow their footprint in the outlet business, a number of the better and the higher brands. We’re also seeing that the Parkers of the world wanting to grow their footprint and the internet oriented companies then you see companies like American Eagle and others that are growing their footprint. There’s a well-known retailer that has their kind of casual wear business that’s growing their footprint significantly. I think we’ve got 20 deals in the works for them. So, it’s across the board and I would say, we’re mostly replacing spaces that we got back from bankruptcies, leases that have terminated and the renewals are – a lot of the renewals we’re doing now, we’re doing as part of our COVID initiation. So to the extent that we did a deal in abatement, we may have addressed 2020 and 2021 renewals, and it’s a judgement retailer by retailer and it’s working it, I mean, obviously the nations aren’t easy, because I mean, COVID has made them nervous and obviously, there’s a lot of excess capacity in our retail real estate industry. But I think we’ll hold our own and I – and look, I think the cash flow, we’ll see improvements for cash flow next year. And again, – and that will be a combination of lease renewals, new business, better sales, we lost a lot of income just, because we were shut down with all of our Simon brand venture income, all the stuff that’s traffic-driven. So, I think we’ll make a rebound along all those lines. And no, we’re not doing just percentage rent deals. The outlet business has had historically; some of the lead anchors have had percent rent deals only. to the extent that we do it, we have a floor in there and a clearly defined definition of sales, but it’s all over the board, but it’s – I guess, what we’re trying to convey to you, Michael, is that we are open and doing your business, and that’s support, and I think we’ll have a better, we’ll get more granular next quarter, but we’re open to doing new business and the retailers are – sure there are a number of closing stores. There are a number of bankruptcies, but the ones that are out there are looking to grow their footprint.
David Simon: we’ve collected rent, that hasn’t been easy. Okay. It’s not like they just suddenly said, okay, I’m going to send you a rent check that it hadn’t been that easy. So, I mean, we’ve been busy, obviously, we’ve done a lot of refinancings on the secured front. We’ve been doing just about – there we shut down the pipeline in terms of redevelopment. development brought it back up to some extent. So, I mean, we are – we got our hands full, I think we’ve been executing unbelievably with all the – all of the things that have been thrown at us. So, we’re really not looking externally at this moment.
David Simon: he – by the way, I think between Tom and Brian and Adam here, I’m the only one with hair; however, depending on your vantage point, you may accuse me of being in the thoughts. So, okay. Let’s move on. Let’s move on.
David Simon: No. Look, obviously we wish – good question, and we obviously wish that the pandemic hasn’t – didn’t hit us, but – and hit those businesses, but Soho has a great brand and ultimately, will be stronger and gets everything back online. So, the reality is very comfortable and they actually brought in some new capitals at the price that we did a couple of months ago, I think. So, Soho is great. PARM, we actually have Woodbury and Burlington opening next year, I think Woodbury’s opening in January and Burlington in the spring, and my son and I and if Jeff Rosnick’s [ph] listening, which I doubt he is, but we had a great carried out dinner at PARM. So, I’d encourage everybody to go eat there, it was really good, chicken PARM dinner. I think it’s a great brand; lifetime will be the survivor in that industry. I have all the confidence in the world, a great CEO, entrepreneur, great brand, great customer base. So, I think by and large, we feel like we’re a pretty good spot. I don’t think – I think what’s changed there, because I don’t think we’ll do the little venture deals the way we did, even though we’ve had some recent pops in those, meaning we got some, we’re going to – we’re selling our interest in the MDs at a profit and we’ve – there’s some new capital that’s come into some of those businesses at prices higher than what came in. but I don’t think we’ll do those little deals anymore. I think we’ve got too much too much to say grace over. But I think all of that we’ve invested in, we feel generally pretty good though. They’ve all frankly – they’re all fit the flywheel that we were creating. We just didn’t anticipate, the black swans of black swans, and – but all of those companies are alive and I expect them to come out of it, okay.
David Simon: Great insight and the answer is absolutely. So that’s one of the interesting things that we found is, we do think that the combination of our relationships with a direct-to-consumer crowd, as well as all the brands that either we control or that ABG does, that those products will find a home in Penney. And there’s a lot of intense discussions going on. So, we would expect to enhance the Penney vendor matrix with the brands that ABG controls as well as ours. So very, very astute and the answer is without question.
David Simon: The outlets are performing, I don’t want to necessarily get into the specifics, but the outlets are performing better. What we’ve seen across the board though, whether it’s an outlet or an enclosed, if it does cater to tourism, those are ones that are continued to be – continued to underperform our average. So, whether it’s in Orlando, enclosed or outlet, in Orlando, we have an enclosed mall there, we have the outlet centers that market both are underperforming with because of the lack of tourism and obviously, Universal and Disney operating at much less than full capacity.
David Simon: Yes. the same price they will not be an equal partner, but they’ll put in – we’ll do see in our investment both us and Brookfield based upon the contribution they make.
David Simon: Well, I didn’t say that’s exclusive, but they have a – they control a number of brands, like Juicy Couture as an example. And they’re – Juicy Couture is not in J.C. Penney. And so we’re going through the vendor matrix now, to eventually, I think Penney will end up distributing those kinds of brands that ABG controls, J.C. Penney department store. So, it’ll be a win-win for everybody.
David Simon: Authentic Brands is not really, I mean, they had some brands that we don’t – we’re not invested in, but they do have outlet stores now. They don’t necessarily operate those stores, but take an example, Volcom, where they’re a partner with Volcom. We don’t – we’re not Simon Property is not investor in that, but they own the IP and they own part of the operations. But it’s really; Volcom is used to be owned by Kering Group and then sold it. But they operate Volcom itself, operates outlet stores in our portfolio. So, they are not an operator of “stores.” ABG, but they do have – they do own intellectual property of certain brands that do operate stores in our outlets and that will continue, but that’s been that way for years. So again, but we’re not involved in everything that ABG does, like Joe and others. I mean, I do think a number of their brands do have store potential. And they’ll either operate or find an operator operate those stores. And what was your other question? I’m sorry. I forgot it.
David Simon: Look I think, generally, we’re seeing a lot more interest in home furnishings and the life we’re doing a lot more deals in the outlet sector with that – without naming names, but all the home furnishing and furniture folks. And so I think as you’ve seen that shift generally speaking, I think we’re seeing a lot of that pickup in the outlet business as well.
David Simon: I think it’s all about driving the traffic. I have no concern about that at all. And usually, those are a little big boxes, so that the rent that’s leaving versus, what I’d rather have a dress barn or an RH. okay. That’s right. So, would I rather have – so that it says kind of trade-offs that I think are available to us. I think the mix actually will significantly impact – improve, because we’re going to end up reclaiming some of the older less relevant brands for some of the good or the better brands.
David Simon: Well, I just think it’s going to, we’re – in fact, we’re – we’ve got an asset now we’re about the market. I mean, we’re going to try and do it. I mean, we’ll see, it’s not – this isn’t, this is not earth-shattering big projects, but there’s – respect to shed, some non-core assets that won’t have a – not going to have a material impact, but just it’ll help us run the company better, because we won’t have to focus on it.
David Simon: Well, I would expect it to be hopefully, better in Q4. But we’re just – we’re similar in October and – but obviously, I would hope that we – as I mentioned to you before we still got some bigger accounts that we have not made a lot of progress with. I’m hopeful that something positive will happen there. So, once that happens, then it’ll jump up.
David Simon: Yes. Believe it or not, there are still deals to be done. I mean, we’re talking to a department store to take a couple of boxes over, there’s not going to be 30 to 40 deals, but there’ll be 15 and I think our retail community is generally, the healthier companies are looking towards the future and believe in the – in having the right footprint and we’re going to shrink the bad stores, but I think they’re going to look at new opportunities. It’s not going to – we still believe in the mixed use effort that we’re undertaking. Obviously, we don’t have to be in a rush to do it. And we’re not going to build, we’re looking at plans that maybe, had a 60,00, 70,000, a 100,000 square feet of new retail, small shop space, or you’re not going to program that, but we’ll make it up with boxes and the lower investment, and still manage the appropriate returns. So, there’s still opportunity to release the space. Fact of the matter is we still don’t own a lot of it that we want, but we’re not going to pay appropriate prices for it and there’s certainly a gap between the bid and the ask. We’re really not bidding, and they’re really not asking, but if we were to bid and they were to ask, it would be a big gap, but good real estate will survive. But it’s going to take capital, great operator and it’s not going to be for the faint of heart and – but it’s going to be reprogrammed. So, just something jumps out like a Brea, we’ll probably have, we always had two anchors, but we had this is the old Sears store that we control. We’ll still do the two anchors there. But we probably programmed a 100,000 square feet of restaurants, small shops, and we’re not going to do it. We’ll probably do 2030, but the costs will go down and we still think we’ll have the appropriate returns on investment. So, there’s still stuff to do to improve our portfolio and there’s still some decent demand on just box for box.
David Simon: Yes. I think the spread is really mixed, because we had some boxes that rolled out last year compared to this year. So, I wouldn’t – that’s a number I wouldn’t jump up and down whether it’s really good or not so good as in this quarter, it’s really a mix issue. Because we had a lot of box activity last year that we rolled out and this year, it’s 12 months later. So, it’s really more of a mixed issue and you could see that in our base rents increasing, which is probably a little more important stat.
David Simon: Very little Vince, this year and we don’t expect it to be meaningful or immaterial, let me restate it and say it better. It’ll be in material next year.
David Simon: No, no. it’s a more appropriate question. I think, of all of the theater closures at one deal and I can’t remember which one that it may affect a co-tenancy at one of the mills for a few of the boxes. It’s essentially immaterial.
David Simon: Well, it hasn’t closed. And in fact there was a hearing today, which I did not hear. I did not hear what happened, but to approve our – it’s still not done yet. So, it hasn’t closed assuming it gets approved. It’ll be sometime later in the month. Look, it’s complicated way. It’s split up between what the operating company owns in the real estate and what the POSCO loans. We have rights. We, being Simon, have rights to recapture certain assets. So, does Brookfield, but I think we’re going to be patient about it, because I think the most important thing right now is just to get it stabilized and positioned for the future, but eventually, there are certainly some stores that probably are not maybe, properly positioned with us, where we do want to recapture the space. And I think that’s an opportunity, but you’re not under – we don’t feel the pressure to do that anytime soon. But that’ll be next year’s business. And then when that happens, I get to negotiate, I guess I don’t really know what to do. Maybe risk, maybe our guys, maybe Brookfield. I’m not really sure how it works, but we will, we will, we will appropriately do it fairly with all the constituencies involved.
David Simon: It’s still reopened one in a specialty grocer in Boca. Just recently, that’s doing very well. We just made a deal that I don’t know that I can announce it that we just signed the lease this week to replace fairway, the fairway market grocer in Nanuet with a great grocer. So, there are – what we’re really focused on is the specialty grocers as opposed to the big mammoth ones and I think there’ll be a handful of deals. It’s not going to be 50, but I think it will be over the next couple of years. There’s no way we can’t get 10 to 20 to specialty ones, like the one we did a bulk is great. It’s sort of an end cap of kind of the lifestyle center that we did it Boca and high-end grocer in, come in, get your prepared foods, quality. You still have the Italy’s of the world that are out there looking to do a business. I had a comment with them recently, that’s the same kind of category, prepared foods, specialty grocer, not necessarily a place; I guess you could pick up milk, but, more of prepared foods, dining or get your special consumable. So, I do think that’ll continue to grow.
David Simon: Credit provisions include lots of things beyond prepetition rent or anything else associated with a bankruptcy.
David Simon: Pep in the step, I just think it’s good news. Let’s hope we can – let’s hope we can get out and get done. But now, it’s not going to – it’s not going to affect us, because we’re mostly dealing with COVID-oriented shutdowns or impact of those shutdowns. And listen I hope it gives our client face more confidence and that that’s fine. That’s good. It should, it should. And hopefully, we’ll see some benefits from that into 2021 and beyond.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well look, your center of the biotech and health world. So, we appreciate everything that the biotechs are doing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Excellent, excellent. So, two questions; first again, appreciate the breakout and actually, this provides clarity, so that people can see the collections on a net basis, or if you want to do collections on a gross basis, it’s helpful. You’d mentioned the abatements were basically expensed in the period granted. So, on a go-forward basis, as we think about fourth quarter and the ramp up, does this mean that, we should see fourth quarter earnings jumped by $200 million, or how should we think about the impact of the deferrals and the impact of the abatements on a go-forward, so that we can think about the progression of Simon. I’m not asking for guidance, but I’m just trying to get a ramp of how much kind of…
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. But David, as you said earlier, the abatements were largely your local tenants. So, they’ve either made it or they haven’t. So…
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So David, I was hoping you could talk a bit more about the environment for larger anchor box space; specifically, I’m curious where it’s coming from and how the spreads compared to the rest of you overall leasing? And now, are you able to run any commentary at all whether you’ve leased any of that space to Amazon? Thanks.
Haendel St. Juste: Apologies. I was curious if you’re able or willing to share any of that leasing has been specifically with Amazon.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And a follow-up on the leasing spreads in the quarter down another 400 basis sequentially minus 4% second quarter in a row. Was there anything having a disproportionate in that calculation during the quarter, when do you think that trough and I guess more broadly, how importantly, do you think having a vaccine effectively at hand will be during the ongoing lease negotiations and the near-term trajectory of leases as we build back to pre-COVID cash flow? Thank you.
